===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Simon Property Group First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.
Thomas Ward: Thank you, Joe, and thank you for joining us this evening. Presenting on today's call are David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; and Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer. A quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call this evening will be limited to one hour. For those of you who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question. I am pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Thank you, Tom. Good evening, everyone. We're off to a good start for 2025 with results that exceeded our plan. We completed the acquisition of The Mall Luxury Outlets in Florence and Sanremo, Italy and opened our first outlet in Jakarta, Indonesia. We continue to enhance our retail real-estate platform through development, redevelopment and acquisitions. Our A-rated fortress balance sheet with over $10 billion in liquidity, sets us apart and we have the lengthy track-record of adapting our capital allocation and operating strategy to confront and take advantage of diverse macroeconomic cycles. And now I'm going to turn it over to Brian, who will cover our first quarter results and we'll take it from there.
Brian McDade: Thank you, David and good evening. Real estate FFO was $2.95 per share in the first quarter compared to $2.91 in the prior year. Domestic and international operations had a very good quarter and contributed $0.14 of growth, driven by a 5% increase in lease income. As anticipated, interest income, land sales and lease settlements were $0.10 lower year-over-year. We signed 1,500 leases for more than 5.1 million square feet in the quarter. Approximately 25% of leasing activity for the quarter were new deals and approximately 80% of the leases expiring through 2025 are complete ahead of last year at this point in time. Malls and Premium outlet occupancy at the end-of-the quarter was 95.9%, an increase of 40 basis points compared to the prior year. The mills occupancy was 98.4%, an increase of 70 basis points compared to the prior year. Average base minimum rents for the malls and outlets increased 2.4% year-over-year and the mills increased 3.9%. Malls and Premium outlet retailer sales per square foot was $7.33 per foot for the quarter. Occupancy cost at the end of the quarter was 13.1%, driving domestic NOI, which increased 3.4% year-over-year for the quarter and portfolio NOI, which includes our international properties at constant-currency grew 3.6% for the quarter. First quarter funds from operation were $1.0 billion or $2.67 per share compared to $1.33 billion or $3.56 per share last year. As a reminder, the prior year results include $0.81 per share in after-tax net gains primarily from the sale of the company's remaining ownership interest in ABG. First quarter results include a $0.17 per share loss primarily from the non-cash unrealized mark-to-market in fair value adjustments on the Klepierre exchangeable bonds. This was offset by a $0.07 gain on the sale of securities. The non-cash loss on the derivative is due to the outperformance of Klepierre stock price, which increased 11% in the first quarter. The first quarter also includes an after-tax loss of $0.05 per share related to Catalyst Brands restructuring costs. Turning to our development activity. At the end of the quarter, development projects were underway across all platforms, with our share of the net cost of $944 million to a blended yield of 9%. Approximately 40% of net costs are mixed use projects. We expect to begin construction on additional projects in the coming months, including a residential development at Brea Mall and new retail, dining and outdoor spaces at the Shops at Mission Viejo both in Orange County, California, as well as the redevelopment of a former department store at the Fashion Mall at Keystone in Indianapolis into dynamic mixed uses. Starts for this year will be approximately $500 million. Turning to the balance sheet. We were active in the first quarter where we completed 12 secured loan transactions totaling approximately $2.6 billion. The weighted average interest rate on these loans was 5.73%. At the end of the quarter, we had net-debt to EBITDA of 5.2 times and our fixed charge coverage ratio was incredibly strong at 4.6 times. And as David mentioned earlier, we are well positioned to allocate capital and be opportunistic through various economic cycles. Turning to the dividends. Today, we announced our dividend of $2.10 per share for the second quarter, a year-over-year increase of $0.10 or 5%. The dividend is payable on June 30th. Turning to guidance for '25. We are reaffirming our full year 2025 real estate FFO guidance range of $12.40 to $12.65 per share. As we stated in February, when issuing our initial full-year 2025 guidance, our range reflects real estate FFO and does not include OPI. We expect the results to trend towards the middle of the range given the current macroeconomic and tariff uncertainty, potentially impacting retailer sales. With that, thank you to everyone. David and I are available for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Steve Sakwa: Yes, thanks. Good evening. David and Brian. I guess I know the tariff situation has certainly been de-escalated, but I'm just curious what sort of conversations you are maybe having with retailers kind of leading up to today's announcement and how do you think it impacts, if at all the leasing? And I guess, Brian, you sort of talked about sales, but I guess what are you baking in for sales today maybe versus three months ago?
David Simon: Yes. Hi, Steve. So let me take that and Brian can add color. So it just on the new leasing, when we ask obviously every week to the leasing team, but it's only affected four deals that I am aware of from one European retailer because they were worried about the import cost bringing over goods from Europe and it wasn't big deals but that's the only one. Other than that, at this point, it hasn't really affected any demand. And we're hopeful that it won't because, as you know, retailers are looking long-term on these stores and at some point, we're all hopeful that this stabilizes. Projecting and predicting sales is really difficult because to the extent that there is a retailer that imports goods from China, even with today's kind of reduction in kind of tit for tat, you're still talking about 30% tariff, which is material. And at this point, many retailers are either holding offering into goods from China, which could affect their inventory levels, trying to source it elsewhere, which they may or may not be successful with. And so it said it's a relatively big unknown to the extent that there is a reliance on China even on today's recent news. And given margins those tariffs in the 30-ish percent, I think are going to give retailers pause whether or not they can afford to have good shipped to them from China. To the extent that it is, in the more flat 10%, I think it's really retailer dependent. I think they're going to probably operate business as usual. I think they'll try to pass a little bit on to the consumer, they'll try to get the manufacturer to take some of it and they may take some of it as well. But it shouldn't affect how they operate and how they inventory their stores, but China still is a big unknown and so that's why, as Brian said in his comments, look, our sales were relatively flat. If we were relatively flat, as you know, we have a history of certainly beating the midpoint and always trying to achieve the upper-end and even higher, it's impossible for us to say what sales are right now just because we don't know inventories. I mean, I think we're going to obviously land within our original guidance, which is good given all the uncertainty, but we're thinking that inventory levels could be affected because of the China tariffs, even with these reduced ones as I went through. And so I think it has the potential to affect sales. And that's why we're being a little more conservative and we're thinking it's probably going to be more in the midpoint, one quarter-ish into a very uncertain volatile thing. But I'd also say to you, the good news is other than this one anecdote on some small deals from one European retailer. Demand is still strong and we haven't seen across the board by any stretch of imagination reduction in the leasing demand. And so that in a nutshell is the latest and greatest, I'm sure if you ask us in a couple of weeks we might have something new, but you've got retailers that are scrambling. Now remember the way this thing works is that for retailers, the US retailers pay the tariff, so they can't get the goods on the boat unless they pay the tariffs at the time, it's delivered to the boat. So that's why you're probably seeing a lot of boats not make the journey over or a lot of inventory at the shores in China. And so it's an unusual situation that we're just going to have to see how it shakes out. Now we're obviously pleased to see that at least the relationship -- late relationships seem to be thawing and seem to be on a more constructive path. But how it all shakes out, I mean our guess is as good as yours or your economist or anybody else.
Steve Sakwa: Thank you. That's it from me.
David Simon: Sure. Thank you, Steve.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with Citi. Please proceed.
Craig Mailman: Hey, good afternoon. Just as a follow-up there, David, that was really helpful providing your thoughts. I'm just interested in where you think kind of retailers stand from an inventory perspective in terms of when they do start to run-out to the extent shipments from China don't kind of reaccelerate here following the thawing. And have you seen that kind of pull-forward the demand in your traffic data here in April and May as consumers kind of pull-forward to get ahead of the tariffs? Just kind of curious how you think that plays out for just a cadence of retail sales this year. And the last piece just how you think the de-minimis rule impacts some of your retailers too. Do you feel like they get a market-share boost from the loss of that kind of avenue for retail for customers to some extent.
David Simon: Yes, all right. So let me take it because only because I can remember it this way I hope. Tom took notes. But de minimis is great for American-based companies. De minimis really hurt a number of retailers that obviously paid tariffs and weren't able to avoid that loophole. So and obviously a couple of Chinese companies took real advantage of it. So that is a great outcome. I want to applaud the administration for dealing with this loophole. Hopefully, it continues. And I think that's going to be a material benefit to our retailers to defend themselves against Chinese retailers that shift directly to the consumer, okay? So that was really, really, really important. Now with respect to Forever 21, I wish they had done it a couple of years ago because it would have leveled the playing field, but, it is what it is. Your second question or maybe it was your first, I would say that the -- we don't see in our -- what we -- what our retailers sell all that pull-forward that's been talked about. So I think what you have to look at in the first through basically April now, we'll get April sales shortly, but because we're in arrears on that from our retailers, but I'll give you a general thing. First of all, two or three things happened and I'll touch on traffic. One is that in Easter that was in April versus March. So that was obviously very important. So that's why March sales were a little bit higher last year than this year. You had weather issues certainly in the outlet centers for us in February. The weather was historically bad compared to '24. And traffic through the quarter was, I would say, down slightly, but when you look at year-to-date through April, it's actually up year-to-date because now we've taken a new account April. So traffic is holding up, the malls are actually performing above and the outlets are relatively flat and I would say what we're seeing in the outlet on a traffic point of view is we have assets on the board, whether in Mexico or Canada. And obviously there has been a slowdown in traffic and sales on some of our border great long-term assets, but currently, with all the rhetoric, we're seeing some traffic diminution on some of the border assets with Canada and our Mexican customers. So hopefully, as that rhetoric dies down, we'll get back to normal. On what -- and I think your first question, what retailers basically have the way I understand it, which is not perfect and every retailer is different . I would say they have probably another month or so maybe longer to decide what they're going to do with respect to China for Q4 inventory. So and I've seen a number of retailers have already reduced their exposure to China dramatically. And so as I said earlier those retailers are more or less taking the 10% told you kind of how they're thinking about it, but it's business as usual. To the extent it's China, they're either trying to replicate the goods elsewhere. If they can't, they're, I think, holding off on making a China decision and I think they probably, this is squishy, but they probably have a month-ish to win, if they still are in a holding pattern whether to pull the trigger or not, it could affect inventory levels in Q4. But I think that's so retail idiosyncratic, it's hard for me to make that blanket statement. And then obviously I think the European retailers have much better control over their production. And I don't see any change coming from them. I think their approach will be more on how they're going to price their goods to the ultimate end consumer. Hope that's helpful. I think, did I cover all three?
Craig Mailman: Yes. You got it. Thank you.
David Simon: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Samir Khanal with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Samir Khanal: Good afternoon, everybody. David, I guess given the uncertainty out there and kind of what you said retailers scrambling to make sort of long-term decision, has your approach changed in kind of how you're dealing with your tenants, whether when you're negotiating leases, whether it's on new deals, whether it's pricing or TIs. I mean how are you approaching the situation sort of here given the uncertainty out there for tenants to make long-term decisions? Thanks.
David Simon: Well, like I said, the only anecdotal thing is one retailer backing out of four outlet deals that, but that's not a big deal to us because they were replacement tenants that we already have leased. Honestly, as I said earlier, it's business as usual. So supply is still very much constrained, demand is still strong and the reliance, as I said earlier from China is much reduced. So right now, I can't guarantee it, but right now it's business as usual. I don't think we're doing really anything out of the ordinary in dealing with them. Obviously to the extent they have a specific issue, we'll try to address it, but they have come a long way on their supply chain and been reducing the Chinese imports for a long time. I do worry a little bit about, not the bigger ones. Again, we haven't seen I think the bigger retailers have sophisticated supply chains and long-term relationships with suppliers everywhere. I do think the main street retailers, local moms and pops, we all need as a country to be focused on. I think they could have more, again, we haven't seen it, but if I had to venture if things don't stabilize, which today is a good step, but if they don't ultimately stabilize, I think you'll have potential pressure points on the local mom and pop retailers that are important to the country and obviously we do lease space to them. So again I'm not hopefully I'm not anticipating we're not seeing a problem, but I do worry about that a little bit more than say XYZ that has 100 stores.
Samir Khanal: Thank you, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Can you talk about the back leasing of those Forever 21 boxes? What types of tenants are you seeing interest in taking the space? Those are tend to be bigger boxes. So probably you need to break them up? And how quickly can you get lead paying tenants today?
David Simon: Yes, look, I think the demand has been really good. We've got basically over half of them leased. With those economics, we've already replaced the rent that Forever 21 was paying us. So and I think it's a combination of, we're doing a lot of business with Primark, Zara's of the world, they're in some cases splitting it up and we're very focused on it. But we will more than double at the end of the day and it will take a couple of years, but all-in to at least basically 100 stores. But we'll more than double the rent at the end of the two year process. Brian, do you agree with that?
Brian McDade: Yes, no, absolutely. We got about 50 of them addressed. We think those 50, about half of those start commencement of rent this year, the other half next year with the balance kind of finishing out as we complete our leasing efforts, Michael. But to David's point, we do think rents are going to at least double.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much. Good luck in the second quarter.
David Simon: Thank you.
Brian McDade: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good afternoon out there. And David I appreciate your comment about the mom and pop retailers. Pretty interesting especially given your platform. So a question, if I hear you correctly, it sounds like the consumer is fine despite what we read in online in the newspapers, et cetera of recession, job loss, whatever. But it sounds like the consumer is fine, the shopper is fine. It sounds like the real wildcard are inventory levels. So it sounds like restaurants and the other similar services that aren't impacted by tariffs are doing well. So is that correct that we should, the real concern to earnings is really about inventory levels and whether they can sell out products and hit percent rents or are there other things that are playing into your outlook?
David Simon: No, I'd say it's all around sales. Now sales is more than just inventory levels, right? It's consumer sentiment, right? And that's hard to predict, Alex, as you know. I mean, right now, it's pretty good. Our sales are flat. Two retailers are basically flat. And again we don't have April sales, but that was -- that's basically flat through end of March. And again, I explained the Easter being in Q1 versus Q2 this year. So I expect sales once I get April numbers to be up first four months over the year compared to last year. So the consumer I think is fine. I do think they're being a little more cautious. And I do think tourism is, I don't know, this may be the wrong word, flattening, waning, what are the different phases of the moon? Waxing, waning, whatever it is? I think tourism to the US is going to be cautious this year, whether it's from Mexican nationals, Canadians, Europeans, I do think and again, we've just seen a little bit on the border. On the other hand, the dollar is weaker, so maybe that offsets it. But I do think there should be a little bit caution to the win on just some that the sales that are generated by non-US consumers. And so you put it all together, the economy is clearly a little bit uncertain. You put it all together and it makes it really hard to predict sales right now. But even if it's, like I said, we're just thinking it's going to be a little more cautious and that's why we're indicating it's probably more likely. We have this history of beating and raising and we're trying to be realistic given the set of circumstances that we're dealing with and that's why we're thinking sales and it's really only sales that have the variability that could ultimately produce us more in the middle of the range.
Alexander Goldfarb: And David, if I could just ask clarification, your comments on the US consumer is that the same for your European and Asian portfolios or those consumers are experiencing different trends in the US?
David Simon: There's actually the -- and it's basically our portfolio, our investment in Klepierre. Japan is -- it's all internationally, it's all very good, right? So they're not -- their playing field there hasn't changed. So we don't expect, that whole business, whether it's Europe and/or Asia for us is basically stability. So we're outperforming in Europe and in Asia and obviously there's fluctuations, Korea could be up, Japan could be down, but generally it's basically according to plan. I don't expect any change there. The US consumer that goes to these places really doesn't drive our business.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
David Simon: It's more of the Germans going to Italy and that kind of stuff. Certainly more likely the Chinese go to Europe than they come here. Okay? Operator, I think we are ready for next.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, everyone. Maybe one thing that's tougher to predict than the tenant sales results is OPI. But with that in mind, I guess wondering, David, if you could go through some of the OPI performance in 1Q kind of talk about what's going on there. And I know they aren't part of guidance, but just trying to understand how some of the revenue and cost synergies that were planned for 2025 are going expectations for those to progress throughout the year? And then I guess separately would be how the tariff situation could impact JCPenney and the other Catalyst brands this year?
David Simon: Again, OPI had improvement. Again, OPI is basically three businesses, just so everybody knows, it's our e-commerce business, RGG, ShopSimon, which we own roughly 45%, our interest in Catalyst Group, which is Penny and the other operating brands, Brooks Brothers, Lucky, et cetera., which we now own, remind me, 39% and our 50% interest in Jamestown. So that's all it is. That's all it plans to be. And it is not -- it's not what we live and breathe every day, though we're focused on creating value there as we have with ABG and our other OPI investments. So getting to your question, we had quarter-over-quarter improvement in, the other two businesses are stable, fine, going according to plan. The Catalyst brands had real improvement quarter-over-quarter. As you know part of that was being not only the synergies that it was achieving in the merger, but also the F21 bankruptcy, F21 is gone and they're getting their synergies. And Penny, in terms of sourcing goods, they have a lot less reliance on China, there is some reliance on China, they're trying to source it elsewhere. And if not, I think they're going to be one of these retailers that has to decide in the next six weeks whether to pull the trigger to bring goods here or not. And obviously they're negotiating very hard with their suppliers. And they have I mean the administration is right. They have more leverage in negotiating with suppliers because the US is a big market. But they're in a tricky spot. It's very hard to predict sales for those brands just like it would be for some other retailers. But some of the brands and Catalysts like Brooks Brothers is doing great. So they're achieving the synergies that they wanted, the business is on plan and the bottom line is even with today's uncertainty, we still expect to have, again, it doesn't show in our numbers because of depreciation that I've explained to everybody, but we expect Catalyst to have positive EBITDA this year even with all the tariff and economic uncertainty that is causing going forward. So again I would suggest you don't worry about it all that much. That's what we're telling the market, but we're happy to answer any and every question except what the price of a cotton short is with Brooks Brothers that I don't know. Actually, I do, but I don't want to be a know it all.
Caitlin Burrows: Thanks, David.
David Simon: And Tom wearing. Actually he is wearing, Tom, you look very nice. Okay, that's a good looking shirt actually.
Thomas Ward: Brooks Brothers
David Simon: It's better than those. You used to wear those weird shirts. Okay. So I think he's a Brooks Brothers consumer.
Caitlin Burrows: Thank you.
David Simon: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please proceed.
Greg McGinniss: Hi. Hey, David. Hey, Brian. The balance sheet continues to be in great shape. But has macroeconomic uncertainty reached a point where you're making adjustments to capital plans to maybe become a bit more defensive, whether that's reconsidering certain development activity, CapEx or your appetite for acquisitions or otherwise?
David Simon: That's a great question. And I would say we're still making a long-term decision. So we're very fortunate to -- since we've been public as far as I can remember even with COVID thrown at us and the great financial recession and everything else. We've never, since I've been involved, we've never been over our skis. And we are -- we haven't even put on our skis, if I can keep with the analogy, right? Is that the right word. So we're not -- we haven't even put on our skis recently, right? So we've been cautious to begin with. We have all these opportunities. We're very studious in them. But I would say, yes, instinctively we're more cautious right now. We are expecting, our development pipeline is there, but it's not -- we're not going crazy with it. I think it will continue. We are expecting construction costs to increase. So the things that haven't started. Obviously, we don't start construction until we have to guarantee max price anyway. But the things that are on the docket to start or we're getting through -- we're not pulling triggers until we have all the costs finalized and everything else. So I think caution is the word of order, but that doesn't mean we won't buy something or that we won't continue to do our pipeline. But it'd be foolish for us not to be a little more cautious.
Brian McDade: Hey, Greg, I think the only thing I would add there is, as you know, as volatility increases, sometimes for us, opportunities increase. So we have a strong pipeline and we are clinical with our capital as you know. So nothing really materially changed, but obviously, a bit more caution relative to the headlines these days.
David Simon: I'll give you a simple example. I was just thinking out loud, but we had one development in Asia. I was going to say it, but it just didn't feel like the right time to do it just because it wasn't material. And it just feels like we should be a little more cautious. And again, I don't want to say that we aren't going to do a couple of deals here that could even be non-trivial. But caution is the word of order right now.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. So if I'm looking at the development pipeline, maybe we don't go much above this kind of $1 billion level for now and acquisitions still on the table, but of course, everything depends on the underwriting.
Brian McDade: Well, Greg, I would say, as you heard me in my prepared remarks, we ultimately believe that we're going to start about $500 million of projects that are not included in that $1 billion spend level. So we are still advancing our projects that are ready to move forward, but we're just doing so thoughtfully.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. Thank you, Brian. Thanks, David.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed.
Floris van Dijkum: Thank you. David, you sound very chipper. I'm glad to hear your voice. Can I ask you about the SNO pipeline, where it stands today? I think end of the fourth quarter was the 250 basis points. Has that grown? And how do you see that, can you quantify that for us, and what's the timing of those rents coming online?
David Simon: You may ask, but I'm going to have Brian answer that.
Brian McDade: Floris, it's about 300 basis points today. From a SNO pipeline, we're spending about 300 basis points when you run the math on that. About $150 million worth of rent at our average rents. But again that's not all incremental to the existing kind of space. So it's not all going to be additive. We probably believe that the back half of this year, you're probably going to see 30% to 40% of that.
Floris van Dijkum: And the bulk of that will hit in '26 or is there also some spillover into '27?
Brian McDade: '26 is sub '27. We are seeing some tenants looking out further or have been looking out further. So some of that is included in that as well.
Floris van Dijkum: And that includes the Forever 21 spaces as well?
Brian McDade: It does, yes.
Floris van Dijkum: Great. Thank you.
Brian McDade: The ones that are least signed up.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed.
Vince Tibone: Hi. Good evening. Could you discuss trends in tenant sales in a little bit more detail? I'm curious if there are any specific tenants or categories that are having an outsized impact on the decline in trailing 12-month portfolio sales results?
David Simon: Well, I mentioned, one of the decreases, I mean, it's a marginal decrease, but we had two -- we don't like to get into specific retailers. We had two that were basically flat if you put those two retailers aside. And again Easter was not in this versus last 12 months or last time. So when you, Vince, when you cut through it, it is relatively flat. And we had a little -- the malls were a little bit above, outlets were a little bit down, and I mentioned earlier part of that was because of the weather. We had a very tough, you probably never experienced it being in Southern California and Newport Beach, where it's sunny most of the time, you have other issues there, right, earthquakes and unfortunately fires. But -- so -- and then again we had a little softness in some of our border activity. But I would say, by and large, our top 25 retailers had -- we're pretty much doing okay enough. So no, other than that color, nothing unusual on sales.
Vince Tibone: No, that's great to hear. I appreciate the color. And then one more, switching gears. You didn't mention department stores as it relates to any tariff related or inventory concerns. But I would imagine many of their products are sourced from China. I'm just curious, what is your current outlook for department store closures over the next few years? Has it changed at all with any of this macro uncertainty?
Brian McDade: Yes. So it depends on the department store. So for instance if they don't have private label they really don't have -- they're not sourcing their own goods. They really don't have the tariff -- the China tariff exposure that you might think. So it really depends on which department store you're talking about and how big their private label business stands. So if they sell mostly branded goods then it's really their relationship with the wholesaler and what the wholesaler -- so the wholesaler has to pay the import if they get it from China or elsewhere, how they want to negotiate that between wholesalers manufacturer and what they want to pass that on to the department store and that's a whole complicated and what the consumer pays. So there's just no way to really know how that all shakes out. And as far as we can see on department store closures, we don't see, as you know, we had the Macy's announcement. We had one that was affected by that. It wouldn't surprise me if, again, you don't see pruning just like you do from every retailer on their store level. But I don't expect any real major changes right now. And again, the tariff situation is idiosyncratic to that department store and mostly impacts whether or not they have a big private label business.
Vince Tibone: Great. Thank you.
Brian McDade: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. Going back to sales for a second. I know you flagged Easter and two retailers, but would your recent sales trends be materially different, either positively or negatively if you look at things on an NOI-weighted basis?
David Simon: Yes, I would say we used to always do that. I didn't see it. We haven't. We don't do it by waiting anymore. We should do that, by the way. But that's another that's me telling my guys. But I would say when I look at it, they do -- there's no question that the better properties are getting better. So the simple answer to that is sales would be up and we can give you the specific numbers, but sales would be up if you NOI weighted unequivocally.
Brian McDade: 100 assets are up about 1.5%.
David Simon: And that doesn't include, that again, has Easter in March of last year, not April this year.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay, great. And maybe one other one. On the $500 million of development starts, I think, Brian, you mentioned mixed use components in there. How much of those dollars or even the overall redevelopment pipeline of those dollars are directly retail versus some other property type, whether it's office, hotel, resi?
Brian McDade: I mean, effectively, the 60% that isn't mixed use, quite honestly, Michael.
Michael Mueller: Okay.
Brian McDade: So 60% is retail and the other 40% would be mixed use all the other components.
Michael Mueller: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
David Simon: By the way, that's in our share. So some of the -- so we have, again, we're going to do a big residential development at Brea Mall but we have a partner for that. So that's 500 new starts is our share. So it's a bigger pipe than just that. It's just we boil it down to our shares.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ron Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Hey, just wanted to go back to the guidance and I think some of the assumptions and inputs that have come into the last time. I appreciate it's still early, but how are you guys thinking about sort of domestic property NOI, bad debt as well as the $0.25 and $0.30 interest cost headwind for this year? Just how has those sort of changed since the last three months? Thanks so much.
David Simon: No change really.
Brian McDade: Yes. No, no change in any of those masses. You can see the interest income starting to come down. It's about $0.06 in the quarter. We would expect that to carry forward through the balance of the year. You will also see some more interest expense come through as we refinance our debt later this year, slightly higher coupons on. But no material change to the other elements of the guidance used out in the beginning of the year.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Thanks so much.
David Simon: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed.
Ravi Vaidya: Hi, there. This is Ravi Vaidya on the line for Haendel. I hope you guys are doing well. I wanted to particularly ask about your luxury tenants. Are you seeing -- what are you hearing from them in terms of sales and foot traffic? And maybe has there been any sort of pause or pull back on leasing demand from luxury tenants in particular?
David Simon: Not really. Again and I think it's very brand specific. So you have some that are absolutely on fire, others that are bringing in new designers and updating the brand, but all of that's been pretty consistent for our outlook and what's been going on. So they think very long-term like we do. So there really hasn't been a change of mood or commitment from those brands. And overall I'd say the business is -- there's always ups and downs. But I'd say, overall, from a sales point of view relatively flat. So it's -- we haven't seen the big sales growth, but I think a lot of that is more -- you have a few brands that are just in the midst of bringing in new designers and more of updating their brand.
Ravi Vaidya: Got it. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Linda Tsai: Yes, hi. In terms of not seeing pull forward in demand now, do you think there's a scenario where a pull-forward demand materializes in 3Q if consumers shop earlier for the holiday season, if there's concern that inventories are low or product is more expensive?
David Simon: We have seen that a little bit historically. So I would say it's possible. And if that's the case, margins might be okay because price -- for retailers prices could go up. So I do think it's possible. We have seen it in other cases. So I wouldn't rule it out. And I think it's to be determined, but I wouldn't rule it out.
Linda Tsai: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: The last question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes, good afternoon. Just a quick question on the $2.8 billion of debt refinancing. I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about what that market looks like today, any big change in terms of LTVs or how lenders are generally kind of looking at the asset class at this point?
David Simon: Well, I'd say that lenders are very comfortable with the asset class. We've been upgraded with, I mean, we've been upgraded from -- to stay positive.
Brian McDade: Look, from an S&P perspective. From an unsecured perspective, $1.6 billion of maturities here, we will refinance that back in the unsecured market throughout the balance of the year. And on the mortgage side, you continue to see vendors, CMBS, life insurance companies and other looking at the asset class and looking to deploy capital given our leverage levels. We are relatively conservative from a financial point of view as you know. And so that opens us up to an opportunity to refinance what we did earlier in the year was representative of that. Home loans done in the first quarter. I think the market is up for us to continue to refinance. But importantly we're rolling over our debt. We're not looking for incremental capital. We're not looking to extract excess proceeds to redeploy to our business. We're doing that with our free cash flow.
David Simon: But the good news is good retail real estate as people are very financial -- they're very comfortable financing it and certainly our company.
Omotayo Okusanya: Thanks, David.
David Simon: Thank you.
Brian McDade: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to David Simon for closing remarks.
David Simon: Okay. Just thank you, everybody. I think we'll talk soon. And I believe at least I do think the mood is getting more certain and more stable. So we're optimistic about this uncertainty resolving itself shortly.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Simon Property Group Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Tom Ward. Thank you. You may begin.
Thomas Ward: Thank you, Matt, and thank you all for joining us this evening. Presenting on today's call are David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. A quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call this evening will be limited to one hour. For those of you who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question. I am pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good evening. I'm pleased with our financial and operational results in the fourth quarter, concluding an exceptional year for our company. We reported record total funds from operation of $4.9 billion or $12.99 per share. We generated $4.6 billion in real estate FFO or $12.24 per share, which was growth of 3.9% year-over-year. We returned a record of more than $3 billion to shareholders in cash dividends and now we have paid approximately $45 billion to shareholders in dividends over our history as a public company. We saw record leasing and retail sales volume and occupancy gains for the year. We completed last week the acquisition of the mall, two well-known luxury outlet centers in Italy from Kering. We look forward to adding these high-quality luxury assets into our global portfolio while continuing to build upon their success. We opened a new fully leased premium outlet in Tulsa, Oklahoma and we completed 16 significant redevelopment projects during the year. Development, redevelopment opportunities are growing within our portfolio. We delevered our A-rated balance sheet providing additional capacity and flexibility to fund future growth. I'm now going to turn it over to Brian, who will cover our fourth quarter results in more detail and provide our outlook for 2025.
Brian McDade: Thank you, David. Real estate FFO was $3.35 per share in the fourth quarter compared to $3.23 in the prior year, 3.7% growth. Domestic and international operations had a very good quarter and contributed $0.18 of growth. During the quarter, we sold assets that resulted in a tax benefit, which partially offset a prior tax expense from our ABG sale and essentially offset a write-off of pre-development costs associated with a joint venture development project in California. Leasing momentum continued across the portfolio. We signed more than 1,500 leases for 6.1 million square feet in the quarter. For the year, we signed a record 5,500 leases for more than 21 million square feet. Approximately 25% of our leasing activity for the year were new deals. Malls and Outlet occupancy at the end of the fourth quarter was 96.5%, an increase of 70 basis points compared to the prior year. Our year-end occupancy is the highest level over the last eight years. The Mills occupancy was 98.8%, an increase of 1% and is at a record level. Average base minimum rent for the Malls and Outlets increased 2.5% year-over-year and the Mills increased 4.3%. Retailer sales per square foot was $739 for the year. Strong revenue growth across our businesses, combined with expense discipline resulted in a 100 basis point increase year-over-year in our industry leading operating margin. Our occupancy cost at the end of the year was 13%. Domestic NOI increased 4.4% year-over-year for the quarter and 4.7% for the year. Portfolio NOI, which includes our international properties at a constant currency grew 4.5% for the quarter and 4.6% for the year. Fourth quarter funds from operation were $1.39 billion or $3.68 per share compared to $1.38 billion or $3.69 per share last year. Fourth quarter results include $0.20 per share of non-cash after-tax gain from the combination of JCPenney and SPARC Group. The mark-to-market fair-value of Klepierre's exchangeable bonds increased year-over-year, which offset a lower contribution from OPI operations. As a reminder, the prior year results include $0.33 per share in gain from the sale of part of our interest in ABG last year. Turning to new development and redevelopment. This year, we will open our first premium outlets in Jakarta, Indonesia in March and expect to begin construction on four to five mixed use projects throughout the year. We expect to fund these redevelopments and mixed use projects with our internally generated cash flow of over $1.5 billion after our dividend payments. Other platform investments, JCPenney and SPARC Group combined to form a portfolio of iconic retailer banners called Catalyst brands. Catalyst brings together SPARC's brands, Aeropostale, Brooks Brothers, Eddie Bauer, Lucky and Nautica with JCPenney in its exclusive private brands. Catalyst sold Reebok in early January and is currently evaluating strategic options for Forever 21. We view the Catalyst transaction as a positive development that will create significant synergies with a solid balance sheet that will enable the company to drive EBITDA growth. Catalyst shareholders include Simon, Brookfield, Authentic Brands Groups and Shein. Turning to the balance sheet. During 2024, we completed $11 billion in financing activities, including issuing $1 billion in senior notes with a 10 year term and a 4.75% interest rate. We recasted our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility with maturity extended to January of 2030 and no change in pricing or terms and completed over $6 billion of secured loan refinancing and extensions. Lastly, we delevered our balance sheet by approximately $1.5 billion in the year and ended the year at 5.2 times net debt to EBITDA. Our A-rated balance sheet provides a distinct advantage with more than $10 billion of liquidity at year-end. Additionally, today, relative to our dividend, we announced a dividend of $2.10 per share for the first quarter, a year-over-year increase of 7.7%. The dividend is payable on March 31st. Now moving on to our 2025 guidance. Our real estate FFO guidance range is $12.40 to $12.65 per share. Our guidance reflects the following assumptions, domestic property NOI growth of at least 3%, increased net interest expense compared to 2024 of between $0.25 to $0.30 per share, reflecting current market interest rates and projected cash balances compared to 2024. Lastly, our diluted share count of approximately 377 million shares and units outstanding, due to the recent Catalyst brands transaction, we will not include Catalyst guidance at this time. We expect there will be significant savings and synergies from the combination that will be coupled with potential restructuring costs. We expect Catalyst will generate positive EBITDA in fiscal 2025 and roughly breakeven FFO as they work through the combination. With that, thank you. And David and I are now available for your questions.
Operator: Great. Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jeff Spector from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Thank you. I know you'll get through some of the numbers through some of the other questions. I wanted to focus on some of the initiatives you have to bring people to the mall. I know you have the Tomorrow Stars, the Meet Me @themall when your traffic was up at malls, premium outlets. Can you talk a little bit more about some of the programs initiatives that you're doing to again bring the shopper to the mall and how did those programs go for the holiday season? Thank you.
David Simon: Well, listen, I think we're leaders in this area. Our national advertising campaign is all about talking about how it's fun to go to the mall and hang out just like in the 80s and 90s we had a very good reception to it. We rebranded Simon Premium Outlets to ShopSimon. We're in the midst of creating our loyalty program. So and then obviously we've got events, thousands of events that drive traffic through the year, whether it's breast cancer awareness programs, Valentine's Day, basically every major event that occurs at within the US we try to drive an event around that Easter down the road. So I couldn't be prouder of our marketing efforts. They're very digital, they're very fun, they use new media in a lot of ways. And I just expect more and more. And more importantly, we're seeing return on investment. And we've got the data to prove that. And not that our peer group is wide and deep, but to the extent that it is, there's nobody doing more when it comes to data, digital comments, commerce with a ShopSimon, marketing, events you put it all together where leaps and bounds compared to what else is out there.
Jeffrey Spector: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Yes, thanks. Good evening. David, you guys obviously had a great year with 21 million square feet of leasing, occupancy up. Given where you're sitting on the occupancy side, I'm just curious how the discussions your leasing team are having with the retailers is kind of shifting and maybe talk about the pricing power and how that's kind of returned to the mall for the A's and I guess to tie that into NOI growth, you've talked about greater than 3%, but you certainly beaten 4% for the last like three years in a row. So what are we missing on the 3% front and maybe just comment on pricing power. Thank you.
David Simon: Well, let me just talk about 3%. So look, as we did last year, we budget flat sales. Why? I don't really know, but that's what we do. And when you do that, we come up with a conservative number. To the extent that we have sales growth like we did this year, again, maybe not overall, but the retailers that matter, we generate overage rent, which obviously pops our NOI growth. So I hope we're being conservative. Obviously, there is pretty good animal spirits in the US and its economy. We expect it to participate in that. And again I don't like the word pricing power. I just think we're able to, we have deep relationships with our retailers and we're able to generate a lot of new business. We see new retailers approach us all the time and new uses all the time, which essentially allows us to and one of the big things to grow -- we're never stuck with the tenant mix that we have. So what and I think Brian knows the numbers specifically, but I think 25% of our leases this year were new. So what's driving a lot of what we do is we're able to take retailers that aren't doing the sales and replace them with ones that will. And that because they'll do better volume, that drives rent growth. And then I don't call that pricing power. I just think that's improving our mix and doing what we need to do to drive our business forward. And as I said, I think, last call is we still think we have an opportunity because frankly we've been organizationally very focused on for no better or the A's. We do think there is real effort focus growth for us in the B's where we're investing our dollars. So that's a big program for us in '25 and '26. And just to cap off your question, we still feel, and again, it's hard to predict because there's always downtime, tenant bankruptcies, et cetera. But we still feel like we have upside in our occupancy. We're still not at our high that was 97.1%, if I remember right in 2014, Tom's shaking his head, yes. So we still some message to my leasing team, if they're listening. I don't mind if they're not, if they're making a lease, but assuming they're listening. Let's get up to a record high in 2014 and then we'll take a deep breath, but we won't tell that.
Operator: Next question is from Michael Goldsmith from UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good evening. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Maybe just following off the last one, right, the NOI expectation dropped from 4% last year and for the last several years is down to 3%. So bridging the gap between those expectations, right, it sounds like some of that is retail sales, but it sounds like occupancy, there is still upside, but is there the same magnitude of upside? And then also are you taking into account any sort of tenant bankruptcies or credit reserve in that as well, which is driving that by 100 basis points? Thanks.
Brian McDade: Hey, Michael, it's Brian. So I think first, we've historically put out at least 3% at the beginning of every year, including last year and then have subsequently beat that, which we've repeated here. I think you just heard David talk about the overage component, we budgeted , assume sales were flat, so there is a negative componentry mathematically to overage in the subsequent year. You heard us just talk about mix. And so as we swap out tenants for new tenants, there is downtime specifically associated with our full price business as we build out those stores. Last thing I would mention, you just mentioned bad debt. Our numbers in '25 take into consideration our historical approach to bad debt. We did slightly better than that in 2024, but we've taken an appropriate expectation into '25 relative to our standard approach. So those are the three major drivers that would get you kind of back to a, from this year's number down to a 3% number for, again, as a baseline starting in '25.
Michael Goldsmith: Very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question is from Craig Mailman from Citi. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Joseph: Thanks. It's Nick Joseph here with Craig. David, just want to touch on the potential impact for tariffs. Obviously, the news keeps changing. But just broadly what are you hearing from your retailers? How is it impacting their business and kind of the uncertainty there and the potential impact of the de-minimis exemption going away?
David Simon: Yeah, first, I don't -- it's interesting just our first hand -- I don't know where every retailer sources their goods. But if you take Catalyst as an example, they only source 20% of their goods with all the brands of about 20 -- in China, okay. So and we talk to Catalysts their view of it is with respect to China that they'll pass some of it on to the consumer, but also hope that the supplier tightens up the cost of goods sold. So many, many retailers have moved a lot of production out of China over the last several years. And the good news is where we had kind of the most exposure was shoes, which Reebok would have been more exposed. But as you know, we disposed of the Reebok operating business in January. So no one is really, honestly, it hasn't affected by our day-to-day decision making and it's relatively reduced amount for the retailers. What's really going to be helpful to the American retailers and the non-Chinese retailers is to get rid of the de-minimis rule, which basically exempts tariffs if you send a package over $800 to a customer, that's not a level playing field. That causes retailers to pay more that ship in bulk and it's given real benefits to someone like the [indiscernible] where they've shipped purposely under the $800. But Congress is taking it up. I know the President is taking it up and that will absolutely be if enacted will give a real shot in the arm to retailers that don't purposely, don't purposely try to send their goods to get under the $800 limitation, not only to say it's also more green, it saves packaging costs, et cetera. It's good for our country and I hope Congress and/or the President enact it. That to me is more material than any tariffs that are being talked about.
Nicholas Joseph: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Floris van Dijkum from Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Good to hear your voice, David. A couple of questions, but I guess I'm going to focus on your latest acquisition in Italy. I note that Kering just snuck into your top 10 list this past quarter prior to the acquisition. I'm curious if you can talk about that acquisition, the returns that you expect to achieve and how you might be able to manage those assets going forward? And also what would Kering's percentage have been? Had they been included? I guess I know that your top 10 is domestic only, but how much of an impact would that have on the, if you were to include Kering's exposure in Europe as well?
David Simon: Well, on that particular point, you'll see that in our next supplement. So it will go up, but you'll see that in our next supplement. Look, I would say, we're under confidentiality agreement on the details other than the price. I will tell you we've been very, as you know, very selective on the acquisitions and we're only buying top stuff at the right price. This follows 100% of that strategy. So it's top stuff at the right price. Kering will remain a long-term tenant in that. They have a very -- they've had historically a very competent group that ran it for them, obviously because they're not that's not their main business as you know. We've taken over that team, we'll help them with strategic guidance and we think there's upside in the business. We think it's NAV accretive for us. We also think it's earnings accretive for us. So it again is a something we wanted to do years and years ago, but they weren't ready to do it. We're extremely excited about doing it, the location, Italy's, in a renaissance so it's got one of the positive growth in the EU. And this is these are the kind of deals we want to do buy it at the right price, it's accretive to NAV, accretive to earnings, but it's also high quality with the right retailers. And we couldn't have done a -- we couldn't have picked a better asset in terms of this.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks, David.
David Simon: Thank you, Floris.
Operator: Next question is from Greg McGinniss from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good evening. David, following up on your comment regarding the focus on B Mall investments in 2025, '26, are you able to talk about the types of investments that you make in those malls, whether it differs from how you would approach investing in an A Mall? And then any detail on the magnitude of those investments and expected return? Thanks.
David Simon: I'll just be very generic Brian can lay it out for you later. But to me it's a whole combination of things. These are important assets in the communities. We've been focused on the bigger assets historically. So it's a combination of adding boxes, updating the look, feel of the place, restaurants, tenants, everyone changes a little bit differently. But I'll just take Smith Haven as an example. We're going to -- I got to be careful because I don't know if I can announce it even though the lease is signed. So I think an announcement is coming. The business in basically Eastern Long Island where we're going to update, renovate the property, add a great retailer in a huge box. We just added Primark. Hospital just opened up their one of their health facilities and that will probably be about a 12% return and over the next couple of years and it will be a renovated, rejuvenated asset that because of all the progress we've made in the bigger ones, we're able to kind of reenergize our focus on an asset like that. But there the list of those is long. So Brian can go through it, but that's just one kind of jumps to top of mind and to my team I'm supposed to see a press release on that, but I haven't seen it so please move that along.
Greg McGinniss: Thank you.
Operator: I'm sorry. Next question is from Alexander Goldfarb from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good evening, David. Good to hear you. And I'm sure the people out of Smithtown will appreciate the dollar spend. A question on your guidance for '25. Obviously, very good versus expectations despite the headwinds on the interest expense that Brian laid out. So my question is, is this back to sort of the old Simon days pre-pandemic where you guys just had strong internal growth that was accelerating or is this more about removing OPI drag from the future? I'm just trying to understand if this is just all the side, but not yet leases taking effect or if truly the underlying portfolio is accelerating and we're going back to where you guys used to be pre-pandemic when the core portfolio would just -- was really just humming along?
David Simon: Well, the $12.40 to $12.65 excludes Catalyst. The other investments in OPI are small. So they're -- and again they're neither FFO is probably the wrong way to look at those investments, but they run through FFO anyway because they're one's an asset management company and one's an e-commerce marketplace and an e-commerce retailer. And so FFO is the least important metric on those, but they run through our numbers. So Catalyst is outside of that number. And I don't like the word old, Alex. But, yes, no, we're growing the portfolio. We said at least 3%, I think, we've said at least 3% last two years, maybe three, I don't remember three years, Brian saying. So hopefully, we can beat that and that's basically all the stuff that leads to that, which is leasing, focused operational margins, events, Simon Brand Ventures replacing boxes, restaurants, all of the basics and we still see that. I think we've had a pretty good run, forget the big juice that we got back from, getting back to business after we were unreasonably shut down by various state governments, but we've been clipping along 4% plus even though we guided to 3% and let's see how this year transpires, but we've got a lot going for us. And the biggest of which is great team, leasings focused. We feel that there's upside in the portfolio across the board, but primarily in our historical bread and butter properties. We're going to do smart deals. We're prudent with a hell of a balance sheet and I think and we're lease, lease, lease. I think it's not overly complicated. And then Catalyst well it's obviously a big six months as they go through it and we'll have a better sense of kind of it will be positive EBITDA for sure, we'll have better idea of FFO as the year progresses. But just to be clear, it's not in our number as of what we've guided to in the $12.40 to $12.65.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Good to see the magic.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Juan Sanabria from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Great to hear your voice, David, as well. Just a question on the leasing. It looks like about 5% is still month-to month. I think that's still kind of above where you were pre-COVID in 2019. So just curious on how you think that will evolve over time and is just like a second or part B of a question. How has the SNO pipeline changed if at all over time? And could you just give us where it is as of year-end please?
Brian McDade: Hey, Juan, it's Brian. SNO at the year-end was about 250 basis points as we brought occupancy on in the fourth quarter and you saw that in the numbers. Month-to-month will as we move leases through our leasing process, ultimately, not everything gets signed at the same time. So we put that into that category. Nothing there. We're in the process of renewals in year-end leasing. And so ultimately we would expect that number to come down throughout the year.
David Simon: I just would say we're slightly for the life of me, I don't understand why it takes so long. But put that aside, we do get our leases signed up and we are slightly ahead of where we were last year on our renewals. Inside, I should say, but we've got commitment on a lot of sure.
Operator: Next question is from Vince Tibone from Green Street. Please go ahead.
Vince Tibone: Hi. Good evening. I have a few questions related to the mixed use projects you mentioned earlier. So what is the expected pro-rata spend on the four to five mixed use projects to break ground in '25? And also like what's the common structure? Are you doing this primarily on your own balance sheet or using joint venture partners the non-retail components? And then also is it mostly residential or like where are some of the other non-retail property types in there? Sorry for couple of questions.
David Simon: Yes. I'm sorry, I interrupted you. So it will be around $400 million to $500 million. And again we are -- when I look at the ones that we're expecting to start this year, they're all JVs and they will run from residential to a couple of hotels to office. And just to give you a sense what's in that category. We expect to start a hotel in Roosevelt Field. A big residential project in Brea, office at Clearfork and we're expanding a hotel at The Domain in Austin, Texas. Those are all pretty much planned for. I would expect this to add to that this year. As you know we've got Northgate under construction. We are going to somewhat accelerate if we can anything we're planning in California. I am very nervous about construction costs there given the horrific events in Southern Cal. So we're looking at a couple of projects there that we might push before, before what's going on there, but I would expect us to add more to the pipeline, but those are kind of the ones that were pretty much, so got shovel on the ground and went over, but those are all pretty much baked in the cake. And in this case, they all happen to be JVs, but that could change.
Vince Tibone: No, that's really helpful. If I can maybe squee in one more clarification. When you say joint ventures like is Simon typically like a 10% or 20% partner in the non-retail portion or are you an 80% owner of the non-retail? Just trying to get a sense of appetite for non-retail?
David Simon: Yes. That's usually 50-50.
Vince Tibone: Yes. Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Okay. No problem. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Mike Mueller from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Yes, hi. I know you can't talk about the carrying pricing, but what's your sense as to how pricing on a comparable quality US assets would compare today. Do you think it would be similar stronger or weaker?
David Simon: I missed the question. So can you say one more? I didn't understand. Can you reframe?
Mike Mueller: Yes. So, yes, I was saying on the Italy purchase, we know you can't talk about the cap rate and the economics. But just curious as a hypothetical, if you have something comparable quality in the US, how would you imagine the pricing would compare to what you were in for in Italy? Do you think it would be stronger, higher cap rate, lower cap rate, something similar? Just curious of the thoughts there.
David Simon: It's a good question and I'm trying to think if I can answer it. I'll try to be artful. I would say let me do a macro, a macro make a macro statement about is what usually macro or the even though properties are powerful and comparable. They'll tend to have higher cap rates than they would to the US and obviously that calculus is important as to how we think about things.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay.
David Simon: How was that?
Mike Mueller: That was good. I think you pointed in the direction. There you go. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, everyone. Maybe just another question on kind of acquisitions or capital allocation generally, but it sounds like you were targeting the Kering acquisition for a while and I imagine there are many other deals that you've assessed over the past couple of years. So I was wondering if you could talk about the rest of the acquisition properties that might be out there that could be attractive to you and how you're balancing perhaps buying those versus your stock versus more redevelopment versus increasing the dividend, realizing that you're kind of doing a little bit of all of that.
David Simon: Yes, listen, I would say, Caitlin that we're not, there's no big deal that is on the drawing board. So we're still interested in few high-quality transactions, we're working on them. There's no guarantee. But I think since there's no big deal, we're going to do it all and that's kind of my philosophy right now. So we may if there were a big deal to do, you can define big deal, but several billion dollars, billions of dollars, let's say, not then we might have to readjust our thinking, but I think we're going to, the mindset right now is we can do it all. Remember, we delevered, and so we're still working on a couple of high-quality transactions, but they're not like they're not going to tip the scales from a leverage or financial consequence or capacity point of view. And as you know, development, redevelopment is a three-year product, just you build a house, you buy a house, it's one thing you need to build it, you got three years to stroke the check every year. So for so or every month and unless you have a really nice contractor. So honestly, I think, we're going to do it all, redevelop. We don't mind buying our stock back. And obviously subject to market conditions, we have the capacity to do so. And then I think redevelopment, development, we announced Nashville. We're really excited about that land. It's in the growth corridor, it's on the interstate. Great, great ingress, egress, visibility, terrific long-term 100 acre site. So we got stuff going on in Asia on development. Nothing really on new development in Europe. So just maybe a couple of things here and there, but we're also looking expanding some of our better assets like a Woodbury or a Toronto Premium Outlet or Desert Hills et cetera. So that stuff is high priority. So right now obviously things change. But right now we're planning to keep operating the same way we're operating. A little bit of everything.
Caitlin Burrows: Sounds like a lot of opportunity. Great. Thanks.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, there, good evening. Thanks for taking my question and good to hear you, David. My question, I guess, I wanted to go back a bit more to your plan on investing a bit more on your B assets here. I guess I'm curious how you're able to generate the 12% returns versus, I think the 8% to 9% we've seen in more of your A projects here the last couple of years? Is it the lower rent basis? Are you seeing, I guess, stronger any sense of stronger demand for space in any of those B Malls? And is 12% more of an anomaly or more than norm for these B Mall investments you're making? Thanks.
David Simon: Yes, I think the simple thing is right now we have little to no income. But when we always give you a number on return, we're always backing out existing income. But in this case, if you have an empty box or empty space, there's no existing income and that really drives kind of the incremental return. That's the biggest element of it. And they're not all, the 12%, I kind of referred to what we see as Smith Haven, but they're not all that way. But in a lot of cases, it's just empty space or an empty box. And it's income, basically, there's no offset against it because there is no existing retailer or and then it's just the capital we have to put in to do it.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. I appreciate that. And just thinking about that 12%, is that kind of reflective of the incremental risk return or risk premium perhaps for some of these assets? Just curious how that perhaps would?
David Simon: I think that's a good point, but I would re-characterize it. So let's say there's a, and again, our B Malls are probably some equals better than A Malls. But let's just take a B Mall and where we think the value very simplistically is an eight cap rate, okay? We wouldn't want to invest in that asset at a six return because that would be diluted NAV. So part of what you're going to see and are seeing is we really look to improve that kind of portfolio was if we can't make NAV accretive investments, we won't do it. So we're better off in that case, just managing the cash flow to the best of our abilities. So I understand your point, I kind of re-characterized it not because of risk, it's not really risk adjusted, it's more what's the value of the asset and will this add to the value of that asset. Follow what I'm saying?
Haendel St. Juste: Absolutely. And that's partly what I was getting at. So I appreciate that. Thank you.
David Simon: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Linda Tsai from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Yes, hi. Regarding the comment that you buy only really good stuff after Kering, do you see more opportunities abroad or domestically?
David Simon: I would say mostly domestic, just because it's got to be really unique, which is what we saw the mall, which is rare. And again, as I mentioned earlier, I think I talked to them, hard to remember, but it was definitely a couple of years pre-COVID. So I just think there is very few jewels like that in Europe that make sense with what we do in Europe, if you understand what I'm saying. So we're not going to buy a mall in Europe, just to have one mall in Europe. So the outlet business, we view it a little differently. So I would say by, because of that, it's going to be really unique and more the domestic, let's say more domestic.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then how are you feeling about the consumer right now and high versus low end US versus Europe?
David Simon: Well, I think they're very cautious in Europe. And the US consumer is still I'm still nervous about the lower end consumer. The better to the upper income, I feel pretty confident about that. A lot of whipsaws going on left and right, so it's very hard to predict, but generally still concerned about the lower end pretty bullish on the upper to high end consumer.
Linda Tsai: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ronald Kamdem from Morgan Stanley. Please go-ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Hey, if we could just go back to sort of the strong performance last year. Wondering if we could dig in a little bit between sort of the outlets and the mall business, any sort of call out what drove the performance? Is it traffic? Is it higher ticket prices so on and so forth? And the second part of the question is really, are you seeing any impact from the strong dollar on tourist centers? Thanks.
Brian McDade: So, Ron, it's Brian. There wasn't a big bifurcation kind of between asset classes. I think all three platforms performed exceedingly well. You did see the outlet in the mills, which generally skew a little bit more value oriented to outperform a little bit into the fourth quarter. It wasn't really kind of an anomaly just kind of expected performance. I mean, we've not seen any real time impact yet to the tourist oriented centers, but we're February 4th. So still early in the year, but we would expect to see or if we continue to see dollar strength, can see some impact over the course of the year, certainly in our translations of our foreign earnings.
Ronald Kamdem: Thanks so much.
David Simon: And I would just say when we talk about reenergizing on the assets. Don't just think malls, think outlets, think a few of our mills. So it's a wide portfolio focus, not just when people talk B, they always think malls, but for us it's across our entire domestic portfolio.
Ronald Kamdem: Helpful. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back to David Simon for any closing comments.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you, everybody and look forward to talking in the future. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you again for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the Simon Property Group Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow a formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Tom Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Tom. You may begin.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Paul. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on todays call are David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; and Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer. A quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. An actual result may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of todays date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call this morning will be limited to one hour. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question. I am pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good morning, everybody. And Im pleased with our financial and operational performance in the third quarter. We saw increased leasing volumes, occupancy gains and total retail sales volumes. Demand for our space from a broad spectrum of tenants is strong and steady and we continue to strengthen our unique retail real estate platform through our growing development and redevelopment pipeline. This, combined with our A-rated balance sheet, really sets us apart and allows us to focus on the future. We raised our dividend again to $2.10. Were now at our historical high, overcoming the arbitrary capricious closing of our real estate during COVID. We have a low payout ratio. Im going to now turn it over to Brian, who will cover our third quarter results and full year guidance in more detail, Brian.
Brian McDade: Thank you, David, and good morning. Real estate FFO was $3.05 per share in the third quarter, compared to $2.91 in the prior year, a 4.8% growth rate. Domestic and International operations had a very good quarter and contributed $0.15 of growth, driven by a 3% increase in lease income. Third quarter funds from operation were $1.07 billion or $2.84 per share, as compared to $1.2 billion or $3.20 per share last year. Third quarter results include $0.13 per share of non-cash net loss and fair value adjustments from the mark to market on the Klpierre exchangeable bonds we issued in November of 2023, which mature in November of 2026. The non-cash loss on derivative is due to the outperformance of Klpierres stock price, which increased 18% during the third quarter. As a result of the stock appreciation, the market value of our Klpierre investment increased by approximately $400 million during the third quarter. OPI was an eight cent loss in the quarter due to reduced discretionary spending by the lower income consumer at two SPARC brands and also from the loss of income from ABG in the prior year due to the sale of our interest earlier this year. As a reminder, the prior year results include $0.32 per share in non-cash gains from the partial sale of our ownership in SPARC in the third quarter of 2023. Domestic NOI increased 5.4% year-over-year for the quarter due to continued leasing momentum, resilient consumer spending and operational excellence delivered the results exceeding our plan for the quarter. Portfolio NOI, which includes our International properties at constant currency grew 5% for the quarter. Malls and Outlet occupancy at the end of the third quarter was 96.2%, an increase of 1% compared to the prior year. The Mills occupancy was 98.6% at the end of the quarter. Average base minimum rent for the Malls and Outlets increased 2.3% year-over-year and The Mills increased 4.5% year-over-year. Leasing momentum continued across the portfolio. We signed approximately 1,200 leases for 4 million square feet in the quarter. Through the first nine months of 2024, we have signed more than 3,900 leases for 15 million square feet, which is expected to generate more than $1 billion of revenue. We have an additional 1,800 deals in our pipeline, including renewals for more than $600 million of revenue. We continue to see strong broad-based demand from the retail community, including continued strength for many categories. Reported retailer sales per square foot was $737 for the Mall and Premium Outlets combined, and was up approximately 1% year-over-year, excluding two retailers. Importantly, total sales volumes, excluding those same two retailers, were up approximately 1.5% year-over-year. The end of the quarter, our occupancy cost was 12.8%. Turning to new development and redevelopment, we opened Tulsa Premium Outlets on August 15th at 100% lease and we also opened a significant expansion at Busan Premium Outlets in South Korea in September. At the end of the quarter, new development and redevelopment projects were underway across all platforms in the U.S. and Internationally, with our share of net cost of $1.3 billion at a blended yield of 8%. Turning to other platform investments, our OPI results for the third quarter at SPARC underperformed as the lower-income consumer continues to be more cautious in their spending. We first highlighted the inflationary impact in the second half of 2022 relative to this consumer. Performance was below expectations at Forever 21 and Reebok. SPARC and J.C. Penney did, however, record sequential improvements in comp sales during the third quarter, which sets these brands up well for the important upcoming holiday season. We are not sitting still and we expect to have some positive announcements by year end with respect to these businesses. Turning to our balance sheet, during the quarter, we amended and extended our $3.5 billion supplemental revolving credit facility for three years on existing terms. We also issued $1 billion in senior notes with a term of 10 years and a 4.75% interest rate. This was clearly good timing on our part. During the first nine months of the year, we completed refinancings of 14 property mortgages for a total of approximately $1.3 billion at an average rate of 6.13%. We ended the quarter with approximately $11.1 billion of liquidity and at the end of the quarter on October -- subsequent to the end of the quarter on October 1st, we repaid our last remaining unsecured maturity for 2024 of $900 million. We constantly innovate in both our physical and digital worlds to create world-class convenience for our shoppers and drive incremental sales for our brand partners. In continuing this effort and building upon the success of Shop Premium Outlets, we rebranded our digital marketplace ShopSimon to take advantage of all of our assets, including shopper email lists totaling over 25 million customers. The expanded and rebranded digital marketplace adds on-sale and discounted merchandise while continuing to offer Outlet products from leading brands. This is the next phase in our journey to create the ultimate omnichannel experience. We also launched a new nationwide marketing campaign, Meet Me @themall. The campaign celebrates the shopping malls continued cachet as the go-to destination for all generations. Turning to our dividend, today we announced our dividend of $2.10 per share for the fourth quarter, a year-over-year increase of 10.5%. The dividend is payable on December 30th. This is the fourth consecutive quarter we have increased our dividend and the dividend is now back to our pre-pandemic record high. Finally, turning to guidance, we are affirming our guidance range of $12.80 per share to $12.90 per share, which excludes $0.14 per share year-to-date impact of the non-cash loss and steer value adjustments from the mark-to-market on the Klpierre exchangeable bond, which prior to the third quarter was only a $0.01 net non-cash loss, but is now $0.14 and needed to be highlighted. With that, thank you for your time today. David and I are now available for your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, David and Brian. It sounds like youve got great momentum on the leasing front and with the portfolio north of 96%. Im just curious how you guys are attacking the lease expiration schedule over the next couple of years and whether you feel like pricing power is moving materially in your favor, just given the interplay with sales being a little bit flat, but obviously there being strong demand for high-quality retail space?
David Simon: Yeah. Steve, Ill answer that simplistically, I guess. I would say that our job is to continue to improve the merchandise mix at our real estate and so its more than -- its a lot more than just what rent you can charge. Its really what is the right retailer, tenant, et cetera. Whats the right mix for that property? And we take more of a holistic approach to how we re-merchandise centers. Were still undergoing significant re-merchandising across the portfolio, because were seeing better retailers. When I say retailers, it could be restaurants, et cetera. Im using that as a generic term. Were seeing a lot more interesting and better retailers that are interested in our portfolio. So we need to take advantage of that and thats the focus. So obviously, supply and demand. I mean, construction costs are up 60% from pre-pandemic numbers. I mean, a pretty staggering number. Were basically one of the few that can build and overcome that. So there is no real new supply and that does put us in a positive light. But our job is to make the properties better and not just focus on the highest rent per square foot we can get. So, with that, we have a balanced approach. Obviously, we think we still have growth as leases expire or we bring in new tenants. But I dont -- I really dont like the term pricing power. I really dont like the focus on that. Just how do you continue to make the portfolio better is really the number one focus for our team. We just literally had a three-day marathon session. We go property-by-property with our leasing folks. We did the Malls this week. Well do the Outlets and Mills next week. And if you participated in it, I think I offered somebody one time down the road to who was it? Alex, probably? Yeah, Alex is the only guy that would want to sit through it. But if you sat through it, the primary focus is how do we make the property better? We still have work to do there. But I think at the end of the day, when you do that, youll get the property growth that were all looking for. So I would characterize it that way, Steve. The good news is supply and demand is in our favor. We have the capital to invest in our portfolio to make it better, overcome the unbelievable rise in construction costs when you think about it and thats the focus.
Steve Sakwa: All right. Well, Im free next week if you want me to sit in on the meeting. Thanks.
David Simon: Youre more than welcome. You get to choose Outlets or mills, right? Let Tom know, okay?
Steve Sakwa: All right. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Brian McDade: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi. Good morning, everyone. David, you mentioned a growing development and redevelopment pipeline. I was wondering if you can go through how deep this opportunity is for Simons portfolio now, considering all that youve already done. To what extent is there still potential for anchor replacement or other retail redevelopments and then also the larger mixed-use projects?
David Simon: Yeah. I think that continues, Caitlin, to be a huge focus for us. So I would -- our pipeline is probably around $4 billion right now. That doesnt mean were going to do all of it. But we have massive mixed-use opportunities ahead of us and we still dont have all the anchors redevelop the way we want to. So we have opportunities at like a Barton Creek or down the line, if you looked at some of the Sears. Fashion Valley is a great opportunity where were going to get the J.C. Penney space back and probably do about a $500 million redevelopment between retail and mixed-use. Our residential pipeline, as an example of that, is over a $1 billion today. And without including kind of the Fashion Valleys or the Barton Creeks of the world that we think could do residential. We continue to see an interesting relationship between residential development adjacent or part of or existing retail format. They actually go hand in glove. Its very encouraging to see. I think if you listen to Don Wood, hell tell you the same thing. So that is exciting. Were going full steam ahead. As you know, that supply, its probably, in certain markets been oversupplied, but the reality is nobody building now. And if you think how were looking at it, its going to take two years to three years to four years, and as we bring these on, therell be no new supply. And I think thatll put us in a in an advantageous situation. So long story short, say $4 billion and roughly a third of that is probably resi.
Brian McDade: Lets throw one off.
David Simon: Lets throw one off. But some office, like for instance, were -- we just approved a deal and I dont think its in our, in our 8-K, but we just approved a deal at Clearfork, which is in Fort Worth, kind of a newer center and we just approved a deal with our partner to build an office and retail on the ground floor. The office is going to be, I dont know if I can say it, but basically, we dont -- its not big -- its -- I dont know, 50,000 square feet and Wells is going to take the majority of it. And so well still do smatterings of those kind of projects as we go forward. But building a big spec office out of our pipeline.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. And just to confirm, I know in there, you were talking about retail office, well, not so much office and the multifamily, you mentioned at one point in there over building that was on the residential side, correct?
Brian McDade: Correct.
David Simon: Correct. Yeah. Correct.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Spector with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Thank you. Maybe just following up on the first question topic, David, your comments on merchandising mix, maybe something else that is sometimes overlooked. I know you guys talked about your -- the omnichannel experience and what youre doing there, Meet Me @themall. Can you expand a little bit on some of the key initiatives that the company is doing to, again, engage customers, bring them to the centers, and how this may evolve over the next few years? I know, of course, this holiday season, you have some great programs? Thank you.
David Simon: Sure. Sure. So, I would say, Jeff that, the Mall continues to be a unique gathering place. And we get -- I think we all get too focused on whether its enclosed or has a roof on it. I mean, it really -- to me it really doesnt matter. Its kind of what is the best retail project in that training area. And we believe that, and if you talk to, really new and exciting companies like Ascian or other, SKIMS or kind of the new wave of retailers/marketplaces. They all believe in our product. And so -- and were seeing a rejuvenation of the younger consumers wanting to hang out at the Mall. I think its our obligation, both for us and our investors, et cetera. And also for the retailers to really highlight that. Now, we dont have unlimited budgets, like, the tech companies, right? But we try to do the best we can to reinforce that, hey, this is cool. Now, at the same time, digital is important, right? So 14%, 15% of our commerce is digital and we think we can play a role in that. We think the best way to do that is through ShopSimon. We made sure we had proof-of-concept before we put kind of our brand on it. If you remember, it started Shop Premium Outlets. We floundered around until we partnered with Michael Rubin and RGG. Weve created -- we hired some top-notch talent there. Were building our marketplace. We had proof-of-concept. And then we decided to rebrand it under ShopSimon. So, we do think, and then, ultimately, this will add, well hang a loyalty product on that, which will be important. And then, ultimately, we have Simon Search, which will hang on that. And well end up with ship from store, pick up at the Mall, et cetera. So its, the flywheel is starting to fill itself out. But in the meantime, we want to reaffirm the positive nature that our product means to the community, means to our retailers, as we grow on. And we cant ignore digital because, well, lets face it, this is around that 14%, 15%. Its not growing the way it used to, but we have to assume it might. So we have to play in there. And I think with ShopSimon, weve got the right product. Our retailer relationships and faith they have in us gives me confidence. We have the right team. We have the right partner. And RGG, I think, gives us confidence that, well continue to create real value out of that platform. But its not overnight, it takes time, takes investment, creative investment and thats what were doing.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please proceed to your question.
David Simon: Hi, Craig.
Craig Mailman: Hey. Good morning. Maybe just to follow up on the ShopSimon concept, David. As you guys are looking to re-merchandise Malls and there could be some more anchor fallout over time. I mean, is the idea here to hopefully get this up and running to where you guys can convert part of the Mall to last mile distribution and be able to bring that logistics angle to your business to help your retailers and also be able to monetize it or am I reading a little bit too much into it?
David Simon: Well, I do think there is absolutely a role that we can play in search at your local store that happens to be in our center. And then maybe theres a distribution angle and certainly pick up in store is an angle that we can help facilitate with our retailers. Whether well build a mini distribution center or not, I mean, we look at those things and theres possibilities of certain retailers or certain centers that, we might be able to do a micro or mini distribution facility. Were also looking at last mile in the power area because obviously thats going crazy and that, there is -- our real estate is unbelievably well located and it does --it is not -- were not out in the hinterlands and last mile is very important and were usually have real estate thats, A1A. So, theres possibilities. Its not going to be dominant or whatever. Itll be selective, but there are potential possibilities.
Craig Mailman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Greg McGinniss: Hey. Good morning. Hey. Congrats on the strong leasing quarter crossing 96% in occupancy ahead of
David Simon: Yeah. Youve broke up there.
Greg McGinniss: go for your functionally full.
David Simon: Well, look, I think, we can still increase our occupancy, but also beyond occupancy, and I said earlier, its really, were really focused on merchandising. So -- and but we still have room to grow our occupancy, but more important is that, bringing in the right tenants, in the right center, in the right location. Thats a huge focus for us. But we still think we have plenty of opportunity to grow our occupancy.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. Thanks. And just one quick one on FFO per share guidance. Were trying to better understand the successful year contribution from real estate as opposed to some of the noise thats generated by other platform investments. Are you still anticipating around zero cents from OPI or is that lower now and maybe offset by better real estate performance?
Brian McDade: Greg, its Brian. I think we now think the OPI contribution is going to be a minus 5 to minus 10 for the year, but its being offset by significant improvement in the real estate FFO extension.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. So overall
David Simon: Let me -- we expect it to improve in the fourth quarter, for sure.
Greg McGinniss: Right. But I guess, overall, I think my takeaway is that the real estate business guidance would be increased this quarter if it were standalone.
David Simon: Yeah. If we -- if OPI is, youre breaking up, I dont know if its our phone or yours, but OPI has been a drag this year from an FFO point of view. Now, remember, we essentially have four assets in OPI, okay? We have our investment in RGG, we have our investment in Jamestown, we have our interest in SPARC and J.C. Penney. When you put it all together, we have positive EBITDA in those business of a meaningful amount, but again, when you own an interest in a retailer, youve got lots of depreciation, lots of expenses that end up hurting FFO, but not necessarily the EBITDA line. So, I just want everybody to put in that perspective. And again, I would also mention to you that, our investment in both Penney and SPARC is de minimis at this point. We have a little bit more investment in RGG and Jamestown, but the size of our company is the right thing to do. So, with that said, and Brian said in our call, well, we are still not standing still on our retail side, which is Penney and SPARC, and I do think well have some positive announcements with respect to those businesses near year-end or early 2025. So, were working hard on that. But the bottomline is it has been a drag this year. Part of that drag was because we sold ABG, so we lost that income that we thought that we -- when we gave you our budget, we werent anticipating. Were extremely happy with that sale. So that was the right thing to do at the right time. And --but so we tackled one opportunity, were tackling the next. We view RGG and Jamestown as long-term investments at this point. Obviously, that can change, but we view those as long-term investments. And again, so, and if you go back in history, which I think is important, when we got into the retail business, it was the right thing to do at that particular time. We are less -- given todays time, its probably not the right thing to do and thats why we havent done a retail investment in a few years, four years. So, were smart, we get it, but were focused in, we have an investment thats worth something with no capital in it, so our job is to make it better and thats what were focused on.
Greg McGinniss: Yeah. thank you.
David Simon: A little, yeah, a diversion from what you wanted, but I give you the full story, okay.
Greg McGinniss: All the colors appreciated. Thank you.
David Simon: No worries. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question is from Ron Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
David Simon: Ron? Looks like we lost Ron.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey. Good morning out there, David, and yeah, Ill happy to coordinate with Tom and Steve on sitting in on one of those leasing sessions with you.
David Simon: Well, well do it. You might -- youll either be fully impressed or you will -- the detail might overwhelm you, so well see.
Alexander Goldfarb: I look forward to being overwhelmed. So question, David, just getting back to the commentary on the 96% plus leased performance of the portfolio and the comments that youve made about the opportunity in the Malls. As you look at the bottom tier, for a long time you talked about the bottom 20% driving cash flow to reinvest in the top Malls, but given how competitive the retail environment has become, lack of new supply, are you seeing new opportunities in your bottom 20% of Malls that previously you would have just harvested for cash flow, but because of the changing landscape you now see opportunities that didnt exist a few years ago?
David Simon: Thats a good -- thats a really interesting question and a good point. I think based on, if you asked everybody on the last three days of the Mall portfolio, we absolutely, not every asset in the bottom tier, and again, we -- I dont like that phrase, but Im going to use it anyway. I would tell you, if you talk to our team, our leaders in that area, Jon Murphy and Eric Sadi, Rick, God love him, still loves to go through it, and John Rulli, et cetera. I would say to you, one of the real opportunities for this company is to improve the bottom 20, and because youre right, theres no new supply in those markets. Just like human nature, we always want to work on the second half, right? So, I do think theres a real potential to improve that, because in many cases, were the only game in town and given lack of supply and our ability to reinvest, I do think we can make real strides in the bottom tier, again, not every asset. But the majority plus of them. So, thats a big focus going into 2025 without question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
Floris van Dijkum: Good morning, guys. Thanks. Question on the leasing. By the way, I thought the response to Alexs question was fascinating, by the way, because we believe that, the B malls or the lower-quality malls, financing might finally be coming back to that market now, too. But maybe if you can talk about your S&O pipeline. Last quarter, you mentioned it was 250 basis points. How has that moved? I saw that HERMS just opened up its store in Phipps, and what percentage of that S&O pipeline is luxury in your view? Is it meaningful and are there other Phipps-type luxury projects planned in the portfolio going forward?
David Simon: Yeah. Let me, yeah, interesting question again, and I would say, I have it right in front of me. I used to. But here, okay, so we have executed 75 new luxury deals covering 208,000 square feet and we have another 47 out for signature. So thats kind of a total out there at this point, but again, were increasing that every day as we speak. So, yeah, we, even though, the sales for certain brands has slowed in that area. They are continuing to commit and for us, as you know, I mean, the build out and the time for those retailers to open is probably compared to kind of a traditional retailer is longer, but weve got a very impressive pipe on that with a lot of square footage that will open over the next few years and growing to this day.
Brian McDade: And Flores, the sign but not open number is about 300 basis points. And importantly here though, as youve heard David talk about multiple times, this is about merchandising mix. So this isnt all incremental. Were swapping out underperforming retailers with better retailers. And we do have retailers making commitments well into the future in that number as well.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks guys.
David Simon: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Vince Tibone with Green Street.
Vince Tibone: Hi. Good morning. Could you provide some color on the cadence of stabilization for the development and redevelopment pipeline? Specifically, if you could share, how much incremental NOI are expecting in 2025 from the pipeline on a net basis, all the openings this year and next offset by any, just rubber downtime with new projects, that would be super helpful for forecasting?
Brian McDade: Yeah. Vince, we think were ultimately going to deliver about 30% of the portfolio investment in 2025. So, against the 8% on lever deals. I think you get back into the estimated income contribution from that -- those data points.
Vince Tibone: And is that like an average then or I think that its like 30% on average will stabilize because like stuff that, delivered the third quarter, for example, this year is obviously going to be creative to 2025. Just wanted to clarify that point?
Brian McDade: Yeah. I think thats a decent run rate for expectation relative to our development business, but a third probably stabilizes.
Vince Tibone: Great, thats helpful. And if I can squeeze in one more follow up, can you just provide a quick description of any Mall redevelopment started in the quarter? I saw the spend increased some, but no description in the release of the project.
Brian McDade: So we started a resi project at Briarwood, and we started a redevelopment at Tacoma. Those were the two big ones in the quarter that really, that we added to the pipeline.
Vince Tibone: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Good morning. Just given where we are with the election next week, just curious on your thoughts on potential positives or negatives that could come out, depending on which side wins. And I guess specifically also, what would be your view on tariffs? Is that positive or negative for Simons business as a whole? Thank you.
David Simon: Well, look, I am of the view that, we should -- we -- look, Im of the view that CEOs, whether theyre founders, kind of like the way I feel or up through the ranks, ought to stay out of politics, okay? Thats not to say that they shouldnt lobby, because there are a lot of things that go on in Washington that may affect the company and thats their job. So Im going -- and Im not here to endorse, kind of take the Washington Post view that, that we have to be ready for all sorts of outcomes. I do think because of that the vitriol thats occurring and thats why were cautious with respect to kind of our guidance for the fourth quarter is that its an uncertain time, right? So not only here domestically and here globally. But beyond that, I really am not going to get into that. I think the decision ought to be left to the -- to individuals. People like me should stay out of trying to influence the people, the people are what matter and well see what happens. Well be prepared, theres basically six potential outcomes, right, if I had to do it right. You could have a Democratic sweep, you could have a Republican sweep, and then you can, I used to be able to do that, but three times, I think its six, right? So you could have six possible outcomes, weve got to be ready for all six. And Im not going to tell you what outcome I want. I dont think its my job. I do think its my job to lobby once we understand, whats happening, like, maybe on the de minimis rule or et cetera, that hurts our retailers or hurts our consumer. But beyond that, if I could be so -- I dont know -- I want to -- I dont know if I should say this sounds, guys like me, who knows what guys like me means. But we ought to like, just let the people decide, without this overbearing influence from outside people, that thats my personal kind of view and we just need to be ready for six possible outcomes.
Juan Sanabria: Fair enough. Understood. Thanks, David.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Goldsmith with UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Maybe just tying some of the themes that weve heard from the call together. Your occupancy crossed 96%, you feel like theres more room to grow, youre focused on merchandising and being selective and it also looks like youre expiring rates for 2026 maturities are below 2025 by 67%. So youve been throwing it together, does that give you confidence or visibility to sustainable mid-single-digit NOI growth over the next couple of years?
Brian McDade: Hey, Michael. Its Brian. Yes. We do believe that we will have the momentum in our NOI will continue. All of the things you highlighted are certainly part of it, plus the investment of capital back into the business. As youve heard David say, we will be opening up projects in 2025, 2026 and 2027, but theres going to be no new supplies. So that is certainly going to support our growth as well.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Tsai with Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: Thanks for taking my question. Can you provide some color on the quarter-over-quarter improvement in Domestic and portfolio NOI? And then how do you think about NOI growth in 2025 as an initial guidepost?
Brian McDade: Well, Linda, I think, the quarter we continue to see rent growth, occupancy growth, conversion of temp to perm. I think you see the quarter reflecting us executing on our business plan to a high degree. And as I just said, I think we carry that momentum into next year as we continue to execute.
Linda Tsai: Any color on 2025, though, in terms of the same level continuing?
Brian McDade: Well, Linda, we give our guidance in February, so well update you at that point in time, but I do believe that we have momentum.
Linda Tsai: Thank you.
Brian McDade: Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Muller with JPMorgan.
Mike Muller: Yeah. Hi. Two questions. First, do you think youll see more acquisition opportunities over the next few years compared to what youve seen over the past five years or 10 years? And then the second question on development, redevelopment, what do you see as the average spend level for the next three years?
David Simon: Yeah. I will answer and let Brian take number two, but Ill answer one. I do -- listen, I think, a company like ours has been always structured, built, financed to buy high quality retail real estate has obviously been our primary focus. So its hard to know whether itll be similar to what weve done the last five years or 10 years. But there will be opportunities for us to grow. We really havent done much of any acquisitions since the TRG deal, which was, I can still remember that, it was in the height of, well, it was a week, two weeks before COVID. And then Bobby forgot to tell me, he should have known because, he has those assets to China, but he forgot to tell me about COVID. But it worked out for everybody involved. But so its really been a while. That doesnt mean that were not looking, paying attention to it, but were being very thoughtful about what we would like to buy and at what price. And I would tell you thats not going to change, but I do think therell be opportunities as we go forward. But again, its hard to compare it to five years or 10 years ago, but I do think over time well grow through acquisition. Go ahead on the pipe.
Brian McDade: And Michael, I think, you think about the development and redevelopment pipeline. You heard David talk today about theres about a $4 billion shadow pipeline. Weve got a $1.2 billion committed. I think youre going to continue to see us committed for a $1.5 billion a year. That could ebb and flow by a couple hundred million on either side, just given the size of the projects and the delivery of the projects. So we do see that level of investment available to us over in the future.
Mike Muller: Great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Brian McDade: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question is from Ki Bin Kim with Truist Securities.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Ki Bin Kim: Just going back to ShopSimon.com, can you just provide some high level parameters on the progress youre making, the traction youre gaining and also curious about the backend logistics side of it. If you -- are -- given the multiple brands we have, are the shipments being consolidated or is it still each individual retailer sending shipments?
David Simon: Yeah. Just -- Ill answer that first. I mean, look, were early days in using ShopSimon for delivery. Remember, its mostly a marketplace, but we think over time thatll be a service that well be able to offer through the ShopSimon app or website. And I would say weve had remarkable growth in our GMV. We just rebranded it. So Im only hesitant because we do have a partner in that and Im not sure I should disclose that to you, but weve got a meaningful growth in our GMV there. And now that were going to use our brand and our, as Brian mentioned in his remarks, our 25 million email list and add loyalty, we think therell be more retailers on which will add to GMV, which will add to the overall volume of the site So Im just going to be cautious, Ki Bin, because, we have a partner there. So the good news is were making a lot of progress and weve got real traction. Weve got a number of retailers. I dont remember exactly, but Brian or Tom can tell you after the call, but Ill hold off on the GMV right now, maybe at some point well be able to disclose that.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ron Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ron Kamdem: Hey. Just a quick one for me. Just looking at the sort of the Domestic NOI growth, almost 5%, which is pretty strong. In the past youd sort of made some comments about next year sort of hitting that 3% number. Just curious to get some update and comments on what youre seeing on the ground and any sort of differentiation between the traditional Mall and Outlet business, as well would be helpful? Thanks.
David Simon: Yeah. Listen, I think, overall, theyre all kind of moving in that direction. So I appreciate you trying to get us to disclose our 2025 comp NOI growth. We will do so in February. Were just going through the phase of that now, which is, as I mentioned to you, we did the Malls this week. We do the Outlets and The Mills next week. But well absolutely share that with you with our year-end earnings in early Feb and -- but again, I think, the momentum that were seeing over the last couple of years continues. Thats the important point.
Ron Kamdem: Thanks so much.
David Simon: Thank you.
Brian McDade: Thanks, Ron.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. Id like to hand the floor back over to David Simon for any closing comments.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate all the questions and interest, and well talk soon if we dont talk of a good holiday season. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Simon Property Group's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Tom Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Thomas Ward: Thank you, Sherry, and thank you, all, for joining us this evening. Presenting on today's call are David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; and Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer. A quick reminder that statements made during this call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe-Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call this evening will be limited to one hour. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question. I'm pleased to introduce David Simon,
David Simon: Good evening, everyone. I'm pleased with our financial and operational performance in the second quarter. We are seeing increased leasing volumes, occupancy gains, shopper traffic, and retail sales volumes resulted in the company's highest level of real estate NOI for the second quarter in our company's history. Demand for our space from a broad spectrum of tenants is strong and steady. Our company is focused on creating value through unique and disciplined investment activities that will continue to deliver long-term growth and cash flow, funds from operations and dividends, as you've seen by our recent increase in our dividend per share. And importantly, make our properties better for the communities in which they operate. I'm now going to turn the call over to Brian, who will cover our second quarter results and the full-year guidance in more detail.
Brian McDade: Thank you, David. Second quarter funds from operations were $1.09 billion or $2.90 per share compared to $1,800 million or $2.88 per share last year. FFO from our real-estate business was $2.93 per share in the second quarter compared to $2.81 in the prior year, a 4.3% growth. Domestic and international operations had a very good quarter and contributed $0.12 of growth. As a reminder, the prior year included a non-cash gain of $0.07 from investment activity related to ABG. Domestic NOI increased 5.2% year-over-year for the quarter. Continued leasing momentum, resilient consumer spending and operational excellence delivered results exceeding our plan for the quarter. Portfolio NOI, which includes our international properties at constant currency, grew 4.8% for the quarter. Malls and outlet occupancy at the end of the second quarter was 95.6%, an increase of 90 basis points compared to the prior year. The mills occupancy was 98.2%. Average base minimum rent for malls and outlets increased 3% year-over-year and the mills increased 3.9%. As David mentioned, leasing momentum continued across the portfolio. We signed more than 1,400 leases for approximately 4.8 million square feet in the quarter. Approximately 30% of our leasing activity in the second quarter was new deal volume. Our traffic in the second quarter was up 5% compared to last year. And importantly, total sales volumes increased approximately 2% year-over-year. Reported retailer sales per square foot in the second-quarter was $741 for the mall and premium outlets combined. We hosted our third Annual National Outlet Shopping Day in June, and it was very successful for shoppers and for participating retailers. More than 3 million shoppers visit our premium outlets and mill centers over the shopping weekend. Feedback from shoppers and retailers following the event has been great. Since launching this unique event three years ago, participating retailer and shopping momentum has built each year with more than 475 retailers this year, and we look forward to an even bigger event next year. Our occupancy cost at the end of the second quarter was 12.7%. Turning to new development and redevelopment. We will open our Tulsa premium outlets on August 15th at 100% leased and we will also open a significant expansion at Busan Premium Outlets in South Korea this fall. We also started construction in the quarter on our first phase of a new luxury residential development at Northgate Station. This project will include 234 units and adds other elements that further transforms Northgate into the ultimate live, work, skate, stay and shop destination. At the end of the quarter, new development and redevelopment projects were underway across all platforms in the US and internationally with our share of net cost of $1.1 billion and a blended yield of 8%. Now to the balance sheet. We completed the refinancing of 10 property mortgages during the first half of the year for a total of approximately $1.1 billion, an average rate of 6.36%. We ended the quarter with approximately $11.2 billion of liquidity. Turning to the dividend, today, we announced our dividend of $2.05 per share for the third-quarter, a year-over-year increase of 7.9%. The dividend is payable on September 30th. And now finally for guidance. We are increasing our full-year 2024 guidance range to $12.80 to $12.90 per share compared to $12.51 last year. This is an increase of $0.05 at the bottom end of the range and $0.02 at the midpoint and reflects overcoming approximately $0.15 per share from certain retailer restructurings, lower lease settlement and land sales, land sales income this year. With that, that concludes our prepared remarks. Thank you. David and I are now available for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Jeff Spector: Great. Good afternoon and congratulations on the quarter.
David Simon: Thank you, Jeff.
Jeff Spector: Yes. My first question -- I guess my only question at this point, I would say circle back in. I guess let's focus on the consumer, given you service to the consumer across various formats from the malls to premium outlets to mills, what is your latest thoughts on the consumer today? Clearly, the market is panicking that we may see a consumer-led recession. And maybe if you could tie it to what you're seeing from retailers and how they're acting today? Thank you.
David Simon: Sure, Jeff. This is David. I'll take that. So look, I think we've been pretty consistent for well over a year that the lower-income consumer has been under pressure for quite some time, primarily because of the inflation that's affected them. So that continues to be the case, they are very focused on managing their bills and discretionary expenditures have been obviously not where we'd like to see them. So we're optimistic that we're going to cycle out of that from the lower-end consumer as given the inflation picture that we see now, which is relatively benign. It's way too early, Jeff. We haven't seen a slowdown in the higher-end consumer. Obviously, the market is in an interesting point. We have not seen the wealth impact at all impact that higher-end consumer. So we're still pretty sanguine about it. I think, as you know, we kind of budgeted at the beginning of the year flat sales. We're a little bit above that. So we've got a little bit of cushion. But the higher-end or the better end-consumer, I think is in a good spot. Your liquidity is in a decent spot. So we don't expect anything dramatic. But obviously, they're going to take their cue from now what's going to happen in the overall market and what the employment picture looks like. So in summary, I think we're going to cycle more positive in the lower-end consumer and I think the higher-end consumer steady as she goes currently. Yes, Jeff, you can always ask another question, but Tom Ward has put a pretty tough restriction on people.
Jeff Spector: No, thank you. That's all be respectful. Thank you.
David Simon: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question is from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Samir Khanal: Hi, David. I guess what are you seeing in terms of leasing or pricing power? I mean, are you seeing any tenants taking a bit of a pause or taking a bit longer to sign new leases given what's happened with the macro and I guess any color on July would be also helpful in terms of traffic or sales? Thanks.
David Simon: Yes, I don't have color on July. We don't really get those numbers until August 20th, which is my birthday by the way, but it's usually 20 days after the month so no early returns on that. So we had a deal committee meeting, Brian, a week ago and what I am told that I don't participate in these because I would probably be disruptive, but what I am told, it was the best new deal committee in we've had ever. So I think what we're seeing is demand and what I said earlier in my opening remarks, demand is strong and steady, not abating. It's really unabated. Obviously, retailers and so we're all sensitive to economic conditions. So as those develop, we have to be sensitive to them. But as we currently speak, we had a great deal committee and the team is working in all cylinders. So that's kind of the news from the front.
Samir Khanal: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, everyone. Maybe just following up on that retailer demand side. So portfolio occupancy has increased nicely over the last year. It sounds like leasing remains strong. You just mentioned the best new deal committee. So that would support further occupancy increases. I'm just wondering versus the current 95.6%, how much further upside do you think you have? Or is there some reason to expect this rate of increase can or cannot continue going forward?
Brian McDade: Hey, Caitlin, it is Brian. I think we're pretty comfortable thinking that we're going to end the year north of 96%. Certainly still a little bit of noise out there, but given the robust demand in the type of environment we're in, we think we're north of 96% by the end of the year.
Caitlin Burrows: I mean, again, yes.
David Simon: I'm sorry, I was just going to add that I think obviously, it's also not just the occupancy number, it's also replacing retailers that aren't performing with better retailers. So it's a mix issue too, which the team is very much focused on. Go ahead, Caitlin.
Caitlin Burrows: Yes, I was just going to say bigger picture, like, Brian, you just mentioned north of 96, is there any reason to think maybe based on what David said, that's kind of a ceiling or there could still be continued upside potential?
Brian McDade: Well, I'd be cautious and that's a pretty good number for us year-end. Tom knows every number, but he's [indiscernible]. So it's a pretty good increase from last year, 95.5. Not that good at that. So maybe there's upside.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good afternoon. And David, certainly good to hear you on the call. Hope the recovery and all the stuff is going well. Just a question for you big-picture. Jeff kicked it off and a number of -- my peers have all asked the same question. But as we look at the environment today, certainly there's a lot less retail availability. There's been a big shake-up not only among the retailers themselves, but also the landlords and certainly cost for new development has gone through the roof. So as you look at the picture today, with the economic concerns, but also at the same time that the tenants seem to be in better capital positions. Are you as worried today when you see weak economic data? And does that impact the way you think about expanding, putting money to work and how the leasing conversations are going? Or do you think that we're in a better situation or worse situation? Like how do you judge where we are now just given that the environment seems to be different than it has been over the past few decades.
David Simon: Well, thank you, Alex, for the thoughts. And let me just answer your question. So I frankly think that listen, it sounds like I'm, talking our book, which obviously you would expect us to do, but we have never been better-positioned. So if we do -- so I don't look at the -- that the current uncertainty and even a potential recession no one wants to go through that but given how we're positioned I think we're in an absolute unequivocal position to improve and better our company. So again, we don't want to go through recession, but if we do, the gap between us and everybody else just gets bigger and bigger. Our gap, if you look at kind of where we started three years ago and where we are today, the gap is pretty damn big, it will only get bigger and that's a testament to the team and everybody else. So -- and honestly, I'm not looking at a current potential recession or tough market as any basis to slow down. I look at an example, we just started construction in Northgate, building 234 [projects] (ph). And we expect to do another phase of that probably in the next nine months as we go through the pricing. So from our standpoint, we're not slowing down. And if the economy slows dramatically, the gap between us and just about everybody else will only get bigger and that's -- that gives us opportunities to do some interesting projects.
Alexander Goldfarb: And you see the same confidence from your retailer, from your partners, your tenants or are they're waffling?
David Simon: I think the better retailers that are -- we have a number of retailers that are in really good financial standing and I think they take a longer view just like we do. Not everyone, but I would tell you the majority of who we're doing new business with is definitely taking a longer-term view. So they're looking to gain sales and market share as well. So we're certainly not on the defensive into the kind of the turmoil over the last few weeks. And if anything, we'll step up our investment activity, but not foolishly. I mean, we'll do it like we do everything else, but we don't see it as a reason to rain in at this point.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. You continue to drive nice NOI growth driven by both occupancy gains and higher rents. Now we've talked a little bit on the call about occupancy potentially approaching a potential ceiling. So do you see increasing pricing power with that to maybe offset that? I'm just trying to get a better understand of how the algorithm kind of looks in the coming quarters? Thanks.
David Simon: Well, again, occupancy is like any statistic people want. And again, to be clear, we do think we'll increase our occupancy. The bigger opportunity for us is again to continue to increase better than mix. So -- and that drives, obviously the better the mix, the higher the sales, the higher the sales, the more likelihood that you're going to have higher rents. So that's the big focus as we continue to merchandise our properties. Brian, I don't know if you want to add anything to here.
Brian McDade: Yes, Michael. Look, we continue to see pricing power. Roughly rents are similar where we've seen an escalation last year that we talked about rents in the 70s for new deals. That's continuing. And as we find more-and-more retailers and update the mix to drive demand and ultimately drives our pricing power. So there's a recurring premier relative to that.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much. Good luck in the back half.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Mailman with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Craig Mailman: Hey, guys. Maybe shifting gears a bit on to the balance sheet and just the rate environment here. Just your thoughts generally with a three, eight, 10 year. If that's at all changing your view on kind of the upcoming debt maturities in the back-half of the year and how to fund those versus how much cash to keep on hand versus, David, maybe your commentary about the gap between you and others, your ability to be on the offensive to make investments now that if we do go into recession by the time they're done, you're kind of on the other side of it and you're well-positioned. So I'm just kind of curious, I know it's a broader question, but just how kind of the softening rate environment here, does that change anything you're doing or how you want to be positioned on the margin?
Brian McDade: Craig, it's Brian. Look, one day doesn't really change our financing plans for the year. We're sitting on $3.1 billion of cash. We had $1.9 billion in maturities in the back-half of the year. Current plan is still to refinance those out with cash on hand. But to the extent we were to see opportunity to do alternatively or the market opened up with tight spreads, certainly, we could access the market in the back half of the year as well. But no current plans to do so at present.
David Simon: Yes. And I would just say, look, we got $11 billion of liquidity, so obviously a lower interest-rate environment does increase our earnings potential. There's all sorts of things associated with a lower interest-rate environment, but by and large, that's beneficial to real estate. So if that's the case, that's going to be better than what we planned initially for this year and what we were thinking for next year. So that's good news in a nutshell. But again, remember, we got -- we're not living, mortgage to mortgage, we're a different kind of company. So we don't have the Holy Toledo, I'm going to say another word, Holy Toledo, we can't refinance this mortgage. So anyway, so -- but by and large, if rates go lower, that's better for this company.
Operator: Our next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks for the time. And David, I hope your recovery is going well as well. I'm just curious on the investment front, you clearly sound more bullish or wanting to invest more capital in debt and re-debt. But just curious about external acquisitions with the statement that you said that you're only going to kind of widen the gap between yourself and others. Would that make you want to wait because there's going to be better -- a better maybe spread down the road between your performance and those of others or not necessarily?
David Simon: Well, it's a good question and that's when I would just say judgment comes into play. I mean we have been as you know, right, because if there was any material, we disclose it. We haven't really done anything external for quite some time and we're going to just be looking at quality stuff where we can add value that's appropriately priced. And up until this point, frankly, we haven't found it. So that doesn't mean that we're discouraged, but we'll keep doing that because that is an element of what this company is good at. And we would like to add quality where we could add value at the right price and if it's not at the right price or if it's not at the right quality, there's just nothing there for us to do. We're not -- we're basically out-of-the portfolio business. So that as far as I can see, I mean things change, but I just don't see us buying another big portfolio that where we'd have to swap off a handful of properties. So we're really going to be selective and -- but again, it's going to be at the right price. And if we can't get it at the right price, then we've got plenty to do and that will keep our liquidity and keep doing what we're doing.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Best wishes to you, David, as well Mike. Just a quick one from me. Just could we double-click on some of the strength that you talked about in the portfolio, but maybe breaking it down between maybe malls versus outlets or some of the tourist centers as well would be helpful.
Brian McDade: Well, Ron, I think you're seeing broad-based demand across all of our platforms. So it's difficult to kind of give you an individual kind of thumbnail into it. But certainly, we see -- we over-index in our outlet business, certainly towards international towards and that's still very strong for us. That's a driving factor kind of in our outlet business results. But certainly, the retailers are doing business across all three formats. You're going to say the highest occupancy ever. So the demand is broad-based from all retailers across all three major platforms of ours at this point. David, I don't know if you want to add anything?
David Simon: Yes. It's kind of interesting. I just don't think there's like a unique trend, so it's not Florida or Texas, it's not outlets room halls, it's not enclosed versus outdoors, it's really very property-specific and I would say that the quality and the good stuff is getting better and it's almost our traffic which is a good indicator was pretty much across the board. So I think there's no unique -- unlike COVID where when you came out of COVID, it was Florida and Texas kind of the smile states and whatever, I think it's really the -- it's really property-specific. And it's not -- so you could have a great property in X, Y, Z city and a not-so-good one in X, Y, Z city and they're a tale of the two stories. So I really think the -- I really think it's property-specific. And I don't think there's any one particular trend to focus on at least in this quarter. You might have a better sense of it by year-end and see how things shake out, but not right now.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed.
Haendel St. Juste: Hi, thank you. And David as well, I wanted to wish you best wishes and hopes for a speedy recovery here. My question tonight is, I wanted to go back to the strong and broad-based demand you mentioned you're seeing for space across the portfolio. I was hoping you could provide a bit more color on the size of the backlog of leases that are coming online, maybe some color on the timing of that? And is there also any update you can provide on the 3% or the at least 3% domestic NOI growth from last quarter for the core? Thanks.
Brian McDade: Hey, Haendel, it's Brian. As we think about demand, we've got a signed but not open pipeline of about 300 basis-points. You heard David talk about mix and so we are moving some tenants around. So that's not all just additive. There'll be some coming out-of-the bottom of that for sure. But that's just a further indication of the work that our team has done in demand for space to have 300 basis points signed, but not open pipeline for us. So really, really kind of that defines or kind of really gives you a really good sense of the breadth of what's out there for us as far as demand for space,
Haendel St. Juste: 3% at least? Yes 3% max?
Brian McDade: As you know, we don't update that as we go. We established it at the beginning of the year, and to see that our best to exceed that number which we have thus far.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Thank you
Operator: Our next question is from Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good evening. How much do you think changes in the stock market impacts consumer spending at the higher-end? Just from your experience over the years, like at what point does stock market volatility really start impacting consumer behavior and consumer sales?
David Simon: I think it's more -- that's a -- I wish I had an algorithm. I don't, but I'm sure we could get AI to do something for us. I would -- my history would suggest short-term fluctuations mean absolutely nothing. But over time, if you had a down-market for six or nine months, you're going to rein in consumer spending. So I do think it's going to have to take the downward trend or the negative -- the volatility is not going to really impact the consumer in the next short period of time. But if you see it for several months, then I would expect us to see some slowdown in consumer spending. So it does take time to see, but I think that the consumer is used to seeing some volatility and they have some probably built-in gains that they never thought they would have had, right? So when companies get valued in trillions -- I remember when a $50 billion market cap was did, when companies get valued at trillions of dollars, and that's a lot of retail, I hope those retail investors are smart enough to sell and then spend the money in our malls, I mean that would be a good cycle for us, okay? So I think even if these levels were in pretty good shape, if you have a -- if you have kind of a longer downturn, then it's realistic to think that consumer spending is going to be reined in. But offsetting that obviously will be, low inflation, lower interest rates and you can -- you could potentially see a scenario that we dealt with pre-COVID, right? So it's -- if there's a lot of variabilities out there. And -- but I don't think short-term fluctuation is going to have an immediate impact.
Vince Tibone: It makes sense. If I could maybe ask one quick follow-up along those lines like just how should we think about the sensitivity of Simon's cash flows to tenant sales? I mean, with all kind of the COVID changes, it seems like most of that's unwinded at this point. But kind of just, yes, is there any guidepost you can share of like how much rent or how much of your total revenue rather is made up of overtime percentage rent or just how much volatility is there on your business from if tenant sales were to be?
David Simon: Yes. Look, I'll -- Brian may have a number. I would just say big-picture, a lot less coming out of COVID, but higher probably than pre-COVID. And so I don't know what perspect that is, Brian, if you don't, well, we could probably give that number to you. But it's certainly a lot less than when we started in COVID, but higher than probably pre-COVID.
Brian McDade: We'll follow-up offline, Vince.
Vince Tibone: Great. Appreciate the time. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please proceed.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good afternoon. David, we share birthday, so I'm pretty excited about that. But my question, first --
David Simon: How old are you going to be?
Greg McGinniss: No, you really want me to share that?
David Simon: No, no, no, not at all.
Greg McGinniss: So we noticed that the overall same-store NOI growth this quarter was healthy and but largely driven by the consolidated portfolio. We had international NOI was down 1% year-over-year. JV revenues down about 4% versus last year. Is there anything in particular that's impacting the international and JV assets this quarter? And do you expect to see those return to year-over-year growth in the back half?
Brian McDade: Greg, from an international perspective, Greg, last year, we did recognize a one-time performance fee in our McArthurGlen business to some third-party managed capital there. So that did not repeat this year. So that's why you see a decline in that line item. That will normalize itself just by sheer operation going forward.
Greg McGinniss: Okay.
David Simon: Yes. I would just say our international assets both in Asia and in Europe are pretty much on plan if not a little bit better. So [indiscernible], as you know, reported last week to better results. And they're obviously nicely positioned going forward. And Europe and Asia is some movements in the different countries, Japan having extraordinary growth because of the yuan, a couple of other markets flat. But generally speaking, international -- this got good -- as Brian mentioned, good comp NOI growth this year and pretty much on budget.
Greg McGinniss: Okay, thank you very much.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed.
Floris van Dijkum: Hey, thanks. Glad to hear you're doing well, David. You sound great. Question on Value Retail. I know you guys own a stake in that. It's sold at an incredibly low cap-rate to Catterton, who I think is the investment arm of LVMH. Could you maybe talk about maybe -- and I think that's -- it's a different market, obviously, but if you could talk about the cap rates environment in Europe versus here and maybe also the long-term nature of some of these big luxury brands? And do you see them putting money to work at those kinds of cap rates? I mean, I guess they have already on Fifth Avenue, but in the mall business as well in the US in your view?
David Simon: Well, let me -- thank you. Let me try to unpack that a little bit, okay? So, for us, let me -- I would say, first of all, L Catterton are very smart investors and Value Retail is a unique structure. So I don't think you can look through their investment that was at a significant discount to NAV to get to a cap rate without really having intimate inside knowledge which you or I don't have, okay? But they're very smart investors and I don't think this is a -- so that's the first point I'd like to make just on that question. Second is I think, again, it depends on what brands you're talking about, whether it's luxury or higher-end or whatever, a better moderate. Every retailer is different, everyone's looking to increase their sales and every brand is different. So it's you cannot paint a luxury investor by one broad stroke. So and even within some of the larger groups, their brands are different. You may have one brand growing, one shrinking, what have you? I don't expect, and again L Catterton is also owned by the principals of Catterton. So it's not just the group. I don't think there is a trend for them to suddenly invest, got some money in retail real estate, but I could be wrong. And I think it really depends on each brand and what their strategy is.
Floris van Dijkum: And if I may follow-up, I mean, are you having -- how are your discussions going with your institutional partners here in the US in the mall business? Are they -- are those partners happy? And would you -- are there opportunities for you to maybe buy some of them out or are they pretty comfortable owning some of those top malls that you typically JV with them?
David Simon: Well, I would say overall, we hope that our relationships with our institutional partners is excellent. And again, it's -- there is very hard to paint a broad brush. I would say by and large, most are very complementary, very happy to be our partner. There's always an asset here or there that may not fit with them long-term, but I would say generally, it's kind of business-as-usual with our institutional investors.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Linda Tsai: Hi, good afternoon. On the 300 basis points of signed but not occupied, what does that represent in dollars? What's the timing of that coming online? And would you expect this to compress going into next year?
Brian McDade: Linda, most of that's going to be back-end weighted to -- there'll be a little bit this year. Most of it will really manifest itself next year just given where we are in the year and how retailers traditionally position their store fleet to get most of it open before we're back-to-school holidays. So most of it is going to be back-end weighted for next year -- front-end weighted for next year, excuse me.
Linda Tsai: And would this signed but not occupied be down year-on-year at the end of next year from where you sit today?
Brian McDade: It's really difficult to predict what's going to happen 12 months from now. So it is what it is right now. Ultimately, as we continue to kind of move through, we've seen some consistency in that number and some increase, right? We were talking about it is about 200 basis points a year-ago. So we would see an increase over the past 12 months to get to 300 basis-points.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And what's that represent in dollars?
Brian McDade: I don't have that number in front of me here.
David Simon: Yes, that's usually not something that weren't. That's something we're not going to really disclose because then you add all leases up and annualize the number, but it's a big number.
Linda Tsai: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Muller with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Mike Muller: Yes. Hi, David, we're glad you're on the call as well. For the question, TRG's year-over-year base rent growth looks like it was over 8% in the second quarter. Can you talk about what's driving that growth?
Brian McDade: It's just a mix of the deals that they're doing at the assets they're doing, Michael. So they're doing some better leasing at their better assets and that's really coming through the average rents for that period of time. Not every space is creates equal, not every asset is created equal. So they're seeing great wins at their best assets that have the best pricing. And it's not a small portfolio. So you're getting a bigger percentage. It's a smaller portfolio, a much smaller portfolio than ours. So you're just getting a bigger percentage jump from it.
Mike Muller: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ki Bin Kim with Truist Securities. Please proceed.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. And good to see you sounding better, David. So just curious, if there was a consumer downturn, could you discuss how your portfolio might perform today versus a few years ago? I realize the tenancy might have changed significantly over the years towards less apparel, more services, restaurants or other uses. And trying to look at this from a sales sensitivity standpoint versus maybe a credit sensitivity standpoint, because I can understand those two things might be different.
David Simon: Yes, sure. I'll take a shot at it. So I mean historical recessionary times. And again, we're not in that camp just yet. I mean you call me in two months and we might be. But I would say our NOI cash flow tends to flatten out. It's very obviously there's so many variables that go into it, but I hate still talking about COVID, but we really didn't see other recessions, really didn't see cash-flow from the properties go down, they flattened. I would think not knowing exactly if and what kind of recession it is and how hard and how deep and all that other stuff. It would be hard to give you a number other than to say history would indicate our cash-flow was relatively flat. We weathered pretty nicely because what happens is tends to happen as big-ticket items tend to go in the back-burner and the stuff that we sell at our properties tends to maintain itself. So that would be the best guess at this point, but it is almost impossible without kind of knowing exactly what kind of market that we're in. But again, we're not in that camp yet. And we might be later on in the year or whenever but I would think our cash flows would be relatively flat assuming it's -- you just -- it's hard to say what a typical recession is anymore, but I would say that's probably the best guess at this point.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, again, this has been a very efficient call. I guess maybe on retailer bankruptcies Express and Rue 21 were retailer bankruptcies of 2024 and I'm guessing you have had exposure from a rent perspective to additional smaller ones also that maybe aren't as obvious. So could you comment on how the outcomes of the 2024 bankruptcies on Simon's financials have ended up versus your expectations and then give a broader update on the current watchlist and going forward?
David Simon: Well, I'll just say you know in Brian's remarks, we definitely have a decent impact from the retailer restructurings. I mean, also we have a little lower lease own income, a little lower of land sales than we had budgeted. But if you put those three categories together, it's about $0.15 that we had planned on being there that aren't there this year. So obviously, we factored in the Express restructurings and rule and so on. So those numbers are reflective of our new guidance. It doesn't reflect if there's a material new one coming up, but we don't -- we haven't -- we don't know of anyone that's on the road. So, Brian, you can add whatever you want to add.
Brian McDade: Yes, watch list continues to be relatively flat. Those things that have happened, we had a thought that they would and it planned ahead. We don't really see much on the horizon at this point. No new additions in the watch-list at this point.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. And then maybe one more if I could. Just the contribution to the portfolio from the retailers. I think your latest comment was for a flattish contribution in 2024. So just wondering if there was any update to that and maybe like your visibility or confidence in the back-half of the year? Thanks.
David Simon: Well, look, I think we continue to work through it. It's -- if you look at that whole, Penney, Sparc, RGG, Jamestown, we basically have around $200 million plus or minus EBITDA in that kind of OPI bucket now that APG is out. And it'll be plus or minus a couple of cents here or there. So because again, we have accounting, we've got lots of depreciation. You don't know that fast and the brands within Sparc, the lower-income consumer continue to fight through a tough market for that consumer. So there's not a lot of new news other than the team at Sparc is working very hard. The new stuff that they're buying is working but it continues to be a very competitive marketplace.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Thanks.
David Simon: Thank you.
Brian McDade: Thank you,
David Simon: I think this wraps it up. Let me just say to everybody, thank you. I got a lot of well wishes during this tough time for me and I'm working at it and appreciate all your support and we'll talk in the near future. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Simon Property Group First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Tom Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Ward, you may begin. 
Thomas Ward: Thank you, Camilla, and thank you all for joining us this evening. Presenting on today's call are David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. 
 A quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date.
 Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call this evening will be limited to 1 hour. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to 1 question.
 I'm pleased to introduce David Simon. 
David Simon: Good evening. We're off to a good start with results that exceeded our plan. First quarter funds from operation were $1.33 billion or $3.56 per share compared to $1.03 billion or $2.74 per share last year. Let me walk you through some highlights for this quarter compared to Q1 of '23. Domestic operations had a very good quarter and contributed $0.09 of growth driven by higher rental income. Gains from investment activity in the first quarter were approximately $0.75 higher year-over-year. OPI had a $0.02 after-tax lower contribution compared to last year.
 Funds from operation from our real estate business was $2.91 per share in the first quarter compared to $2.82 in the prior year period, a 3.2% growth rate. Domestic property NOI increased 3.7% year-over-year. We have continued leasing momentum. Resilient consumer spending and operational excellence delivered these results that were above our plan for the first quarter.
 Portfolio NOI, which includes our international properties at constant currency, grew 3.9% for the quarter. NOI from OPI in the first quarter includes a $33 million charge in one-time restructuring charges at SPARC and JCPenney. Excluding these one-time charges and a bargain purchase gain from Reebok transaction last year, NOI from OPI improved $5 million year-over-year and was on plan for the quarter. Remember, these retailers are on a fiscal year end of January 31, and the charges were part of the year-end closing process. They were not budgeted.
 Mall occupancy at the end of the first quarter was 95.5%, an increase of 110 basis points compared to the prior year. Mills was 97.7%. Average base minimum rent for our malls and outlets increased 3% year-over-year and at The Mills, 3.8% increase. Leasing momentum continued. As I mentioned, we signed more than 1,300 leases for approximately 6.3 million square feet. Approximately 25% of our leasing activity in the first quarter was new deal volume. We are approximately 65% complete with our 24 lease expirations, and we continue to see strong broad-based demand from the retail community.
 Retail sales volume across the portfolio increased 2.3% for the first quarter compared to last year. Our tourist-oriented properties outperformed the portfolio average in the quarter with a 6% increase in sales. Reported retail sales per square foot in the first quarter was $745 a foot for our outlets and malls combined, which was flat year-over-year, excluding 2 retailers. Retail sales per square foot from our premium outlet platform reached an all-time high this quarter. Occupancy costs at the end of the first quarter was 12.6%.
 Now, let me talk about other platform investments, affectionately known as OPI. We sold our remaining interest in Authentic Brands Group during the first quarter for gross proceeds of close to $1.2 billion and recorded a pretax and after-tax gain of $415 million and $311 million, respectively.
 The sale in the first quarter, combined with the sale in the fourth quarter, yielded gross proceeds of $1.45 billion. We generated substantial value from the ABG investment and a 7x multiple on our net invested capital during our short ownership period. As a result of the sale of ABG and the restructuring charges that I mentioned earlier, one-time in nature at SPARC and Penney in the first quarter, we now expect FFO contribution from OPI to be around breakeven this year compared to the initial guidance of $0.10 to $0.15. For your reference, we budgeted the -- at OPI, the FFO from ABG around $0.08 per share, so roughly half of that was associated with ABG.
 Now moving on to new development and redevelopment. We opened an AC Hotel at St. Johns Center. We are opening Tulsa Premium Outlets this summer. Leasing is going great, and we have a significant expansion at Busan Premium Outlets in South Korea this fall. At the end of the quarter, new development and redevelopment projects were underway across our platforms in the U.S. and internationally as well with our share of net cost of $930 million at a blended yield of 8%.
 We expect to start construction on additional projects in the next few months, including just shortly, our residential project at Northgate Station in Seattle. What's interesting for us is we're able to build when others need to rely on construction lending market, which is, as you might imagine, very difficult right now. We expect our starts to be around $500 million this year.
 Now, on our balance sheet, we retired $600 million of senior notes in the quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately $11.2 billion of liquidity. Today, we announced our dividend of $2 per share for the second quarter, a year-over-year increase of 8.1%. The dividend is payable on June 28. And given the transactions for this quarter and our results for this quarter, our current view for the remainder of the year, we're increasing the full range of our full year guidance of 2024 in the guidance range of $11.85 to $12 -- I'm sorry, let me restate that. We're increasing our range to $12.75 to $12.90 per share compared to $12.51 last year. This is an increase of $0.90 at the bottom end of the range and $0.85 at the midpoint.
 Needless to say, I'm very pleased with our first quarter results, and our business and tenant demand continues to remain strong. Despite a cloudy macro environment, occupancy is increasing, property NOI is growing. We made a significant profit on our ABG investment, and everything is kind of moving in all the right directions.
 Thank you. We're ready for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. 
Caitlin Burrows: Congrats on the solid quarter operationally and execution on the ABG sale. I guess there have been news reports that you could get involved in Express. So whether it's related to Express that's Simon's strategy going forward, can you give some insight to your current thinking on having ownership in brands, what type of terms are attractive to you and how you balance that with the potential earnings volatility? 
David Simon: Well, no one likes earnings volatility unless it's volatility in the right direction, okay? So Caitlin, thank you for the comments to start. But that's -- I don't like volatility either. Listen, on Express, we were approached by the IP owner. I think it's not overly complicated in the sense that they saw what we had done historically, both with ABG and SPARC and offered us to participate with no capital, but also add our expertise and our knowledge in what we've been -- what we've done in the past with SPARC. And because we have always valued Express as a retailer and as a client, we jumped at the opportunity. So we don't expect it -- we expect to be -- it's got to go through bankruptcy process, and that's out of our control. But if WHP does end up getting it, we'd be pleased to participate in the turnaround of Express.
 And again, we don't expect any capital as part of that participation. So when we get opportunities like that, we evaluate it, we look at the brand and the value of the brand. In this case, we're comfortable that Express is a good company, and it's a great brand and we can add value to it. And given the fact that we were able to hopefully turn around the retailers, save jobs, create value from our investment, it's -- we see it as a win-win situation with no capital from our standpoint. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America. 
Elizabeth Yang Doykan: This is Lizzy Doykan on for Jeff. I was curious if you could talk a little bit more about the key drivers of retailer sales as we started the year. And it seems like there's been some good outperformance from -- driven by especially your tourism-driven centers. So I'm just wondering how much that has been a factor into the first quarter of this year and how much upside there is remaining from tourism. 
David Simon: Sure. We feel very bullish on our portfolio in general. And then obviously, our tourist centers, especially in California and in the Northeast are starting to finally see the improvement that we have been seeing for quite some time in Florida. And Florida continues to be an unbelievably strong market as well. So we're finally seeing California, Northeast pick up. Obviously, the strong dollar vis-a-vis certain currency does have an effect, kind of an inhibitor effect. But even with that said, domestic tourism continues to excel.
 And I think people, at the end of the day, they as part of -- when they go on holiday, they love shopping as part of that experience, dining, shopping, being with their families. And as I said earlier, I mean, we feel like the mall has made a big comeback, physical stores or where it's happening. We're seeing a resurgence and reinvigoration of that whole product.
 So we're pleased it's kind of where we're seeing things. So certainly, the lower income consumer has been under pressure now for quite some time. We're very focused on that. Obviously, inflation has taken its toll. And even though inflation is moderating, the prices that the lower income consumers dealing with are quite daunting. So we'll continue to see volatility in that area, we anticipate.
 We're hoping that their cost of living moderates and to some extent their wages go up or their cost of living goes down, so we can see more discretionary income there. The higher-income consumer continues to spend and visits our properties, and it's good. And as a good example of that is our traffic for the first quarter, I think, was up around 2% for the year, right, guys? 
Unknown Executive: Yes. 
David Simon: So that's also a very good sign. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Samir Khanal with Evercore. 
Samir Khanal: David, Brian, you provided a same-store guide of at least 3% last quarter. I guess, how do you feel about that guide today? You're doing 3.7% in the first quarter. Clearly, leasing has been strong, but we've also seen some announcements from Express, Route 21. I guess how do you feel about that guide today? 
David Simon: Yes. Look, we don't update that, as you probably know. I think you know. We don't -- that's our goal for the year. We don't update it every quarter as some others might. But we still feel like that's -- even though we've got some -- unanticipated to some extent, I mean, we do create bogeys on our rental income stream on retailers that we do feel might come under pressure in the year. So we do have kind of adjustments in our budgeting process dealing with those. We still feel like our initial guidance on that is very achievable. So we don't update it every quarter, but if we didn't feel like we could achieve it, I think we would highlight that. But we don't see that even with some of the -- I mean, we might not overachieve, as we always want to, but I think we can still deliver the initial guidance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. 
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Just a quick one on the $500 million development starts, if you could just talk about sort of the opportunities there? And do you sort of still see opportunities to go on offense on sort of the mall space given that fundamentals are coming back and that there is going to be peers looking to sell assets? Are there opportunities and appetite to go on offense on sort of buying more assets? 
David Simon: Sure. I think we've seen rates more or less stabilized now. There was a volatility prior to that where it was hard to predict. Now, we're not anticipating a reduction in rates, but at least we feel like we're at a more or less a stable rate environment. That makes it easier to make investment decisions, so I would break it up into 2 buckets. The first bucket being our redevelopment effort, and most of that, frankly, is mixed use in our properties, and we feel very bullish on that.
 Remember, you're talking about bringing on -- if it's a 2- to 3-year process, you're talking about bringing on product in 2 to 3 years, not going to be any supply. We do a very good job of understanding the supply and demand. The new better product always wins. So we are unabated in our mixed use, and we'll be doing some multifamily development, both in Brea in Orange County, and as I mentioned, we just signed our GMP at Northgate Station to build about 300 units as part of that whole redevelopment.
 So that really goes unabated, that when you get to the external new deal environment, I would say, we have a lot of opportunities ahead of us. And I think our job is just to prioritize, make sure we're valuing the opportunities, right, and we don't take our eye off the ball with what we're doing with our existing portfolio.
 So long story short, I probably would venture to say that there could be more external opportunities for us. But again, it's got to be great quality at a fair price and have assets where we think our expertise can add cash flow growth to them. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS. 
Michael Goldsmith: David, you highlighted the health of the consumer. It seems like doing all right or managing through the environment. Just given your positioning, the occupancy gains and the pricing power that you have, if there was some sort of macro slowdown, do you think -- how do you think you would be able to navigate it or, maybe said another way, do you think the business has become a little bit less macro-sensitive as you -- as there's been consolidation and you've kind of become the place where you've reached consumers in that luxury space? 
David Simon: Sure. Look, we are -- make no mistake about it, we are not immune to macro -- the macro environment. So we would have to deal with it, both from -- if it ultimately led to less consumer spending and more retail client stress. We're not immune to it. However, and this is a big -- the big underlying from my standpoint, I have always felt like we've done our best work when others are dealing with the macro environment. 
 So -- and as I mentioned, we have $11 billion of liquidity, in our comments earlier. So I think when and if -- and frankly, I mean, it's realistic to assume we may go through a reasonable slowdown here coming up. I think that's when we do our best work. That's when others get tired and throw in the towel. That's where we get rejuvenated. Hopefully, we're rejuvenated now, but this is when we really get motivated.
 And as I think back, and I have had the luxury of being in the spot for 30 years, I think we do our very best work when the times get tough. So I'm not wishing that on us or anyone, but it's a realistic probability. We won't be immune for it, but I think we'll further separate this company from our peers. So that I know, that I have 100% confidence in that. If that does happen, we'll have further separation. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. 
Alexander Goldfarb: David, I just want to go back to Caitlin's question. In response to the retailers, you said that it brings a lot of volatility. Obviously, we all like volatility in the right way. But you can't deny that you guys have made a ton. I guess I could use a French word to describe the ton, but you guys have made a ton of money, billions from these retailer investments. Yes, they are volatile, but they've been lucrative. So I just want to get a better sense, is the express model sort of a future where you guys will participate if you put in no capital? Or just trying to understand how you weigh the money that you've made versus the short term or the quarterly earnings volatility because clearly, it's been a source of success for you. 
David Simon: Yes. That's -- it's interesting, Alex. It's a very good question. And I think, honestly, we really focus on -- to the extent we do put in fresh capital, we -- in addition to understanding what it means for our overall business, and the totality of our company, it's also absolutely driven by return on investment, just like building a new shopping center.
 And again, yes, we have volatility, but in the scheme of things, again, and the fact that we've made money, I hope most folks are understanding that the volatility is really on the margin. And I'll just give you a good example. And again, we take -- FFO, as you know, is net income plus depreciation. Well, the contribution we get from our retailers is net income, which is fully burdened by depreciation, so there's no add back. 
 But to give you a simple analysis on just ABG as an example. So we cleared $1.450 billion of cash. And that produced about $0.08 of earnings because we just picked up our share of net income. We only got -- we only as a shareholder, they are only -- we only would get tax distribution. It's a subchapter as essentially. So we'd only get our tax distributions, which amounted to $2 million a quarter. So that's $8 million. And if you take the $1.450 billion and you invested in a bank at 5.5%, that's $70 million. So we went from $8 million in cash flow to $70 million, just selling that.
 So we look at every aspect of it, pretax, after-tax, what does it mean to the portfolio, what is -- we don't want volatility, but we'll have -- we'll certainly accept it if we think it's going to be a good investment. And it all kind of goes into the analysis. We understand the market is not thrilled with it. So we try to also do it in a way that really does not make it the store. It is on the margin, and it will always be on the margin. But we do think we can add value to the enterprise by some of these investments.
 And each investment is so idiosyncratic that it's hard to say -- again, if Express happens, it's hard to say that, that's the new model because -- I don't know that I can say that, I think every one of these things is somewhat idiosyncratic, but we do have the opportunity to do more than lease space in Alabama someplace. That's what this company is all about, we do more -- we're in South Korea, we're in Jakarta, we're building in Tulsa, we're building apartments in Seattle.
 So -- I mean I'm waxing a little bit here, but I -- we think of ourselves broader than I think the market thinks of us, that's incumbent upon us. And I think our disclosures have gotten better over time. I hope you read, Alex, on OPI, so you could see it, not to track from real estate, but at the same time, we're somewhat different than when you line us up to others that do some of what we do. 
Alexander Goldfarb: And that was the point that you guys have this special thing. It's sort of like Kimco has their retailer unique thing, and it would be a shame to do away with it if it was just volatility because clearly, it's made you a lot of cash. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with Citi. 
Nicholas Joseph: It's Nick Joseph here with Craig. David, I just wanted to ask on kind of the opportunity and -- to roll out additional luxury, either VIP suites or retailers, we saw what you did at Woodbury. And I'm just curious on the opportunity for the remainder of the portfolio and what kind of demand do you think that will drive from some of these higher income clientele that you're seeking. 
David Simon: Listen, I think we've got a great portfolio of real estate that is focused on the very high income consumer. And I think we need to step up our game in all the services that need to be provided to that consumer. And I think Woodbury, Sawgrass are just the beginning of an effort to really -- I can't think of the right word, but really entertain that consumer to make it really special. And it's all the services that they're accustomed to, it's the fine dining, it's the ease of access, it's right -- having the right retailer mix. 
 So we probably have around 20 to 25 properties that are -- that have this high -- our centers are really big, so they obviously appeal to a broader range of consumers, which is the way we like it because -- that's also you diversify the ebbs and flows. But that -- but those 20, 25 centers really need special attention. We've got a great team that's dedicated to them. And in many cases, we're the preferred or certainly a meaningful landlord to the best retailers in the world. And we want to -- we definitely want to stay in that spot. So a big push for us to step up our game when it's dealing with the very high-end consumer on all sorts of levels.
 And so I think what happens at Sawgrass with the Oasis and The Colonnade and what already happens at Woodbury, but we're just stepping up our game, will happen at Houston and King of Prussia. And if you saw what we did at Phipps in Atlanta and what's going on at Boca Raton in Florida, just to name a few that jump out at me, is really, really a high priority for the company. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point. 
Floris Gerbrand van Dijkum: David, I was going to ask you about luxury, but I was pipped so instead I'm going to ask you about capital recycling. Presumably, your guidance -- I mean, you just -- you've cleared $1.2 billion on the ABG sale, sitting there in cash. And obviously, you do have some ongoing development, but that was essentially funded from your retained cash flow, if you will. So the guidance assumes that is that cash sits there uninvested essentially for the rest of the year? Or is there further upside, I guess, is what I'm getting at if you were to do something else with that cash and to redeploy that into higher-yielding investments? 
David Simon: Yes. Very good question. In fact, we cleared in 2 months $1.450 billion, as you know, Floris. So I just wanted to mention that. But yes, right now, our guidance just assume it sits in the bank and/or pays down debt. But that's basically it. So no really -- no real redeployment is contemplated in our numbers at this point.
 Brian, if you want to add anything? 
Brian McDade: Yes. No, that's right. We've just assumed that we would hold the cash for the time being. And we have debt maturities coming due here in September and October. And so we could use the cash on hand to fund that. We also were carrying cash from our activities -- from our capital markets activities last year. So the combination of it will address our upcoming maturities. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. 
Vince Tibone: Could you elaborate on the charges taken in the first quarter related to SPARC and JCPenney? And then possibly related to that, kind of what is your near-term outlook in terms of JCPenney store closures, just given foot traffic trends in recent years has not been great? So just curious how long you think the current store count and fleet is sustainable? 
David Simon: Yes. The charges pretax were $33 million, so not -- most -- it's kind of funny -- because you know most charges were in the hundreds of millions of dollars, so -- yes, I think you have to put it in perspective. But with that said, it really dealt with personnel and inventory. So that were the 2 primary factors and more really on the inventory side because we had some clearance of inventory that in SPARC it was really focused on F21 and Penney just on basically clearing out some inventory. 
 So Penney -- we're pleased with Penney. I'll just talk a moment about the store closings. They're very interesting. They don't -- Penney is able to produce positive EBITDA even if there's no -- not high sales, I think they do out of the box. So I don't really -- in fact, I think Penney always can be a beneficiary opening new stores as opposed to closing stores. I'm sure there will be a few here and there, but most all of their stores are positive EBITDA. And so they have a very good way of having positive EBITDA out of what I call low-volume stores.
 And again, this is what's interesting to us, Penney is not public. So you know what matters to me, Vince, cash flow, EBITDA and that, obviously, sales -- comp sales are important, right? But as long as we're profitable out of the stores, there's no Wall Street pressure that we've got to narrow the store count. I don't necessarily believe shrink to grow. It's very hard to achieve. Maybe you can achieve it. It's -- my history, not overly long, but long enough, it's -- I don't care what industry, it's very hard to do. Some have done it, but the -- but to me, if it's that positive EBITDA, there's nothing wrong with maintaining that store for the community.
 You certainly don't want to lower standards of how you operate it, but if you can create cash flow, doesn't necessarily mean you have to reinvest that much in it, and you can use that cash flow to reinvest in other elements of your business. So I don't anticipate -- long story short, I really don't anticipate much portfolio real estate activity at the JCP level. 
Vince Tibone: That's really helpful color. Maybe just as a quick follow-up on that. I'm just curious, given the ownership structure, I mean are you guys able to pursue recapturing some of these boxes at your best properties to unlock mixed-use development opportunities? Or how would that work given your foot ownership with Brookfield? 
David Simon: Yes. Well, look, I think as part of the deal originally -- first of all, our relationship with Brookfield is excellent in our -- we both basically -- and ABG is an investor in there as well, but we very much see eye-to-eye on JCPenney and how it operates and how we should operate it. And I would say both of us, and now, my memory is a little bit cloudy, but when we did the restructuring, we did get -- both of us got the opportunity to reclaim certain space from JCPenney that we could redevelop it.
 So it's a good question. And the fact is we are about to embark upon, one, that you'll see an announcement in the near future where we are going to ultimately redevelop a JCPenney at one of our centers. So I don't remember the exact count. I don't remember exactly how much Brookfield, but as part of the bankruptcy process and negotiation with each other, we did give each other the right to do that. And so what happens there is we get notice to the company, it's already documented, then we get the -- we -- and we can -- in this case, it's a lease. So there's nothing to pay. We just cancel the lease.
 Now, obviously, store is a little bit profitable, very profitable for JCPenney. So we're going to have to find them some new opportunities to make up for it, but that's all part of the deal. So I think there'll be a handful like that, both from us and Brookfield that we'll be able to do. But -- and again, that was all prenegotiated. To the extent that there's one that wasn't part of that negotiation, that's pretty -- given our relationship with Brookfield, pretty straightforward, we come up with a value or they come up with a value. Obviously, the JCPenney management team would have to be part of that. And they would get the appropriate value to redevelop that project. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. 
Juan Sanabria: Just hoping to ask about the watchlist or bad debt. I believe you said you had assumed 25 basis points last quarter. Has that changed now at all? And if so, maybe if you could break out the Express impact. And in your prepared comments, you talked about sales on a per-square-foot basis being flat, stripping out 2 tenants. Just curious on the color of why those 2 tenants were stripped out, if there's any interesting development? 
David Simon: Yes. Let me answer that. I think the 2 tenants -- I mean, even if we didn't -- I think it's just color for you to know that generally, the portfolio was flat. We don't like to name tenants, so we don't focus on it. I'd also, I think, point out to you, the most important thing we look is total volume, and we were up quarter-over-quarter. What was the number again? 2.3%. That's really the number we look at. And again, remember, these are reported sales. We can get into this whole diatribe about some of the retailers credit their sales with Internet returns. So it's just information, okay? Do what you want with it, but it's just information.
 But our sales, if you include the 2 retailers, the last 12 months was down 1.8% on a rolling 12 basis. But total, because not all those are comp total, was up 2.3%, which is the more important number. Now, we'd also -- just to -- and Brian can add in here. Now that I'm talking I might as well just finish. We don't -- as part of our discussion, we don't -- we'll never get into a retailer-specific response.
 But obviously, bankruptcy for tenants has a lot of -- a lot goes on, leases have to be rejected and depending on where they were on that and what happens. So we -- in our comp NOI, we have our bad debt expense. I think I gave you some color. We still feel like it's achievable. So -- but again, I don't think, and Brian can add, we're not going to really give you a color too much on Express, but we do put in -- when we model our business for the year, we do put in unforeseen circumstances. And we try to budget appropriately for retailers that are under pressure. In this case, we kind of knew Express was in that spot. But a lot remains to be seen how Express comes out of bankruptcy and the ultimate financial impact. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. 
Haendel St. Juste: A quick 2-part here. First, I wanted to follow up on Floris' question on the uses for the cash on the retail monetization. The stock is $35 or so higher than what you lost back, so I assume it's fair -- that it's fair to assume that buying back stock is less likely here. And are there any special dividends that need to be paid on that game?
 And then my second part of the question is we noticed that the TRG property count dropped to 18 properties versus 20 last quarter, what happened there? 
David Simon: I'll let Brian, you can -- I hope you can answer all these. I expect you to... 
Brian McDade: I can. With respect to TRG, there were 2 properties. One was a partner buying out our interest, so the property count went down by 2 in the quarter. With respect to... 
David Simon: Tell him the 2. 
Brian McDade: Fair Oaks and Country Club are the 2 assets that when -- the partner is buying us out or bought us out. With respect to capital on the balance sheet, certainly, it's a capital allocation decision relative to stock buyback. But we -- with the amount of capital that we are generating, both free cash flow and what's on our balance sheet, it is still an appropriate use of capital throughout the balance of the year and would expect that we would have interest in buying back our stock at certain levels. 
David Simon: Yes. And I would just add to that, the ABG sale happened, I don't remember exactly, but near quarter end. And we were blacked out from that because of Q1 earnings. So I wouldn't read that the fact that it's sitting on the balance sheet to read too much into that. 
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Appreciate that. And the special dividend, anything on that front... 
Brian McDade: There is no required special dividend. These were -- this interest was owned in our taxable REIT subsidiaries. So there will be a tax, actual payment due, not actually a special dividend. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies. 
Linda Yu Tsai: A 2-parter. I appreciate the fact that you won't provide capital to Express, but could you just give more color on how you would be providing assistance to the brand? 
David Simon: Well, I think obviously, there is a couple of elements, the first -- the most important one is that we have the history of running a retailer coming out of bankruptcy. So I think -- for better or worse, I think it's better, but others may not agree with me. There's a certain expertise in doing that, and we've -- we had. And I think what our potential partner sees on that is that, that we can bring to the table. So I wouldn't underestimate that. That's one.
 Number two is, as part of any bankruptcy, we're going to have a lease negotiation. Some leases will get restructured, some won't. Some will pay what the existing rent is and so on, so -- but that happens regardless of whether or not we're involved or not. So that's just part of the bankruptcy process. We go space by space and find out -- we kind of find out what we'd like to do, maybe short-term leases, so on and so forth, but that -- but we're not alone in that. Any other landlord will have to come to their own conclusion on what they want to do, if part of rent adjustment is necessary to get the brand on solid financial footing. 
Linda Yu Tsai: And do you have any clarity on the store closures at all, because one of your much smaller peers expects to close 65% of its stores in 2Q? 
David Simon: We are not involved in that process. That's really management. So I have no point of view or no opinion on that at all. That whole process is part of -- we really won't get involved until we're approved as the stalking horse bidder. So that -- all that's going on today with the depth and everything else is all part of -- it's all the existing management team. We have no involvement in that whatsoever. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. 
Hong Zhang: It's Hong on for Mike. I guess I was wondering, can you give us an idea of where -- of what kind of CAGRs you're seeing most of the demand from in your malls? Is it -- I'm just wondering if it's broad-based and/or how much of it is apparel versus the other categories? 
David Simon: Honestly, it's across the board, restaurants, entertainment, athleisure, sports-related -- it's the bigger boxes, the UNIQLOs, Primarks of the world, Zara. It is -- this is where I give a shout-out to Rick as he used to go through it. But we're seeing it -- Abercrombie were doing a lot of new opportunities with Mango, Golden Goose, just to name a few; KnitWell, JD Sports, Alo, Lululemons growing with us, upsizing a lot of properties. Our House is a great company that we're doing business with, pinstripes, number of restaurants, restaurant tours. It's very, very, very encouraging because it's so diverse. 
Hong Zhang: Got it. If I could sneak 1 other question. And I guess the $745 square foot sales, is that portfolio weighted or NOI weighted? 
David Simon: Portfolio weighted. I'm sorry, just portfolio, pure. If it was NOI weighted, where we used to do that, it's like $950 -- higher. 
Brian McDade: $950 plus or minus, basically. 
David Simon: Okay. $950, thereabouts. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. 
Greg McGinniss: David, just on looking at the volatility of the retail investments, what are the drivers to keep SPARC and JCPenney on balance sheet as opposed to the ABG investments? And would you look to sell those in the near future? 
David Simon: Well, again, they're equity accounted, so they're really not on our balance sheet just to make us clearer. So they're investments in them. Listen, they are -- we built a company where everything is core and nothing is core. So we saw ABG, we got an offer, we hit the bid. I would view that for any and all assets that we have, whether it's JCPenney, SPARC, XYZ mall. Call Uncle David and not -- most people don't hit my bid, but the only thing that's core is the company and its people and its balance sheet, but every other assets were sale at the right price, so nothing is critical long term. 
 And again, look, guys, we're talking about volatility, and the reality is the volatility has been mostly on the upside. And again, we're a company that earns $12, and we're talking about $0.10 here or there. So I just want to put everything more or less in perspective. But there's nothing that I wouldn't sell at the right price across the company and worldwide, period, end of story. Because -- and it's very simple. You know why? I think because if we got the cash, I know we would find an appropriate investment that would replace the earnings lost, it's really that simple, or we give it to the shareholders or we buy our stock back. So I am at the point of the highest level of indifference about monetizing an asset as you'll see. 
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And with that, I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. David Simon for any closing comments. 
David Simon: Okay. Thank you. Sorry, we -- I know it's the end of earnings season, we're always late in the Q1 because we tie it to our annual meeting next -- on Wednesday. But thank you for your interest and your questions, very good questions. Appreciate it. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Simon Property Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Tom. You may begin.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Paul. And thank you everyone for joining us this evening. Presenting on today's call are David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; and Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer. A quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call this evening will be limited to one hour. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect the request to limit yourself to one question. I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good evening. Thanks, Tom. Before turning to the results, I would like to provide some perspective on our company as we celebrated our 30th anniversary as a public company in mid-December of last year. We have grown our company into a global leader of premier shopping, dining, entertainment and mixed-use destinations managing through and in some cases, very turbulent times. Over the last three decades from our base of 115 properties in 1993, we have acquired approximately 300 properties, developed more then 50, and disposed of approximately 250 resulting in our current domestic portfolio of about 215 assets. We expanded globally, and today have 35 international outlets, including world-renowned outlets in Asia, and our portfolio is differentiated by product type, geography enclosed and open-air centers located in large and dense catchment areas. Our portfolio is supported by the industry's strongest balance sheet and a top management team. We are the largest landlords, the world's most important retailers, and not by accident, our diversified tenant base has solid credit, our mix is always changing and adapting, best illustrated by the fact that compared to 30 years ago, only one retailer is still in our current top 10 tenants. Our team's hard work has resulted in industry-leading results including some of the following; our annual revenue increased from $424 million to nearly $5.7 billion, our annual FFO generation increased 30 times from approximately $150 million to nearly $4.7 billion, a 12% CAGR. Total market capitalization has increased from $3 billion to $90 billion. We have paid over $42 billion in dividends to shareholders. We have assets in our portfolio that have been in business for more than 60 years. Those assets are still growing today with many generating a $100 million in NOI. These assets are in great locations, have a loyal and large customer base that is where the retailers want to be. No other asset type has longevity including the NOI generation and embedded future growth that these assets have, yes, they change. Yes, they evolve, yes they adapt, but yes, they also grow. Our collection of assets cannot be replicated. And there are hidden - always hidden opportunities within that. I want to thank the entire Simon team, who have contributed to 30 years of success as a public company. And now let me turn to our fourth quarter '23 results. We generated approximately $4.7 billion in funds from operation in 2023 or $12.51 per share and returned $2.9 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. For the quarter, FFO was $1.38 billion or $3.69 per share compared to $1.27 billion or $3.40 per share. Let me walk you through some of the highlights for this quarter compared to Q4 of 2022, domestic operations had a terrific performance this quarter and contributed $0.28 of growth primarily driven by higher rental income with lower operating expenses. Gains from investment activity in the fourth quarter were approximately $0.07 higher in a year-over-year comparison, other platform investments at $0.03 lower contribution compared to last year. FFO from our real estate business was $3.23 per share in the fourth quarter compared to $2.97 from last year. That's 8.7% growth and $11.78 per share for '23 compared to $11.39 last year. Domestic property NOI increased 7.3% year-over-year for the quarter and 4.8% for the year continued leasing momentum, resilient consumer spending operational excellence delivered results for the year, exceeding our initial expectations. Our NOI ended the year higher than 2019 pre-pandemic levels. Portfolio NOI, which includes our international properties at constant currency grew 7.2% for the quarter and 4.9% for the year. Mall and outlet occupancy at the end of the quarter, fourth quarter was 95.8%, an increase of 90 basis points compared to last year. The Mills occupancy was 97.8%, and occupancy is above year-end 2019 levels for all of our platforms. Average base minimum rent for malls and outlets increased 3.1% year-over-year and The Mills rents increased 4.3%, we signed more than 960 leases for approximately 3.4 million square feet in the fourth quarter. For the year, we signed over 4,500 leases, representing more than 18 million square feet approximately 30% of our leasing activity for the year were new deals, we're going-in rents of approximately $74 per square foot and renewals had going-in rents of approximately $65 per square foot. Leasing momentum for the last couple of years continues Into 2024. Reported retailer sales per square foot in the quarter was $743 for malls and outlets combined and $677 through The Mills. During the quarter, we sold a portion of our interest in ABG for gross proceeds of $300 million in cash and reported pretax and after-tax gains of $157 million and $118 million respectively. We opened our 11 outlet in Europe last year, construction continues on two outlets, yes, one in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and yes, one in Jakarta, Indonesia. We completed 13 significant re-developments. And we'll complete other major development projects this year. In addition, we expect to begin construction this year on five to six mixed-use projects representing around $800 million of spend from Orange County to Ann Arbor, to Boston, to Seattle, to Roosevelt Field, they are some of the ones that are planning to start this year. And we expect to fund these redevelopments to mixed-use projects with our internally generated cash flow of over $1.5 billion after dividend payments. During 2023, we completed $12 billion in financing activities, including three senior note offerings for approximately $3.1 billion including the Klpierre exchangeable offering. We recast and upsized our primary revolver credit facility to $5 billion and completed $4 billion of secured loan refinancings and extensions. Our A-rated balance sheet is as strong as ever, we have approximately $11 billion of liquidity. During 2023, we paid, as I mentioned earlier, $2.8 billion in common stock dividends. We repurchased 1.3 million shares of our common stock at an average price of just over $110 per share in 2023, and today we announced our dividend of $1.95 per share for the first quarter and year-over-year increase of 8.3%. The dividend is payable on March 29 of 2024. Now moving onto 2024, our FFO guidance is $11.85 to $12.10 per share. Our guidance reflects the following assumptions; domestic property NOI growth of at least 3%, increased net interest expense compared to 2023 of approximately $0.25 to $0.30 per share reflecting current market interest rates on both fixed and variable debt assumptions and cash balances. Contribution from other property, other platform investments of approximately $0.10 to $0.15 per share; no significant acquisition or disposition activity, and our current diluted share count of approximately 374 million shares. So, with that said. It's safe to say, we're excited to enter year '31 as a public company. Thank you for your time and we're ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good evening, David. I was just wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit about kind of the leasing pipeline and where things stand today versus maybe the year ago and what sort of conversations are you having with the tenants and maybe how the pricing dynamic changed there, given that you're now kind of 95% leased and pretty full in the portfolio.
David Simon: Well, I mean, Steve, we're always adjusting our mix. We're always trying to - so even though we're 96% leased, we're always looking to improve our retailer mix and obviously, that's been beneficial to our NOI growth. I would say, just generically, obviously, I spend a lot of time myself on leasing and with my team on leasing. Demand remains very strong. And there is a real interest by all sorts of retailers and people that populate our shopping centers to be part of what we're doing it. So, I think as you probably saw our new deals are $74 a foot thereabouts, our renewals are $65 a foot, our expiring leases this year in the $56 - $57 range. So we're seeing generally positive spreads supply-and-demand is in our favor. Historically low supply in big properties across the country, I mean, there used to be 40 million square feet of retail real estate built every year, now there is essentially less than a few million here and there. So, and then there's been obsolescence too which makes the supply shrink as well. So - and then there's just great new retailers that we're very excited to do business with. I was on the West Coast seeing some of them. The importance of the bricks and mortar has never been higher. And the cost of all of the things that we said about, don't get me wrong e-commerce is critically important, but all of this stuff about e-commerce, cost of customer acquisition, returns, stickiness, et cetera, all continues to be a challenge. If you looked at the marketplaces, that pure online, they run into problems. So, you really - they really need to be connected to a bricks and mortar for survivability. So, all of those things are pointing to a positive picture, it's a function of execution. A function of being first a function of continuing to improve our properties, which we're very focused about, but now even though we've bounced back and had a couple of really good years in terms of lease-up from the depths of the pandemic, we're not finished and retail demand continues and it is strong and it's across the board. I mean, it's not one, category one retailer, but pretty much across-the-board.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks, that's it.
David Simon: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good evening, everyone. David, could you give some more detail on the ABG sale that you referenced, maybe how much you still own, how much you think your remaining OPI could be worth, and whether you plan to monetize more in '24 or maybe what could influence that decision?
David Simon: Sure, well let me just - we sold about 2% of our ABG stock. So, we essentially went from just under 12 to just under 10. And we'll continue to look to monetize these investments, they've been by and large, very good investments across, not just the big ones, but the smaller ones as well. Obviously, there's number of them that are synergistic to us. But, we have a strict adherence to creating value. And we think we can deploy that capital into kind of what I'd call the mothership and can get better growth from that and that's where our number one priority will be. So, it wouldn't surprise me, Caitlin, for us to continue to monetize, obviously, the - some of these are bigger value - bigger investment. So, it's not that easy to do it in one big swoop, but We're very focused on portfolio management of those assets and If we can monetize and are we going to get a better return plowing it back into our core business.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it, thanks.
David Simon: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you. And first, congratulations on the anniversary. David, there is a lot of initiatives. So as you think about the next five years, I know it's probably difficult question, but Is there one or two key initiatives that you're most excited about as you think about the next five years?
David Simon: Well, look, I'd say a couple of things. On the property level, there's no question that all of the mixed-use stuff that we're bringing in, plus the redevelopment of our department store boxes are probably the most interesting and exciting things that we're doing on the ground level. And so that would certainly be number one; number two is we're very excited about growing our outlet business in Southeast Asia. It's an incredibly robust market, young population and a growing - and I'm not, when I say Southeast Asia, I'm not like in Jakarta, places like that where it is not China, it is places like that where we see kind of what we can do in Japan and in Korea on the outlet side. Jeff you probably know that better than anybody. Based on your previous history with - in terms of that. So we - that's very exciting. I'd also say, we still are in the pursuit of bringing technology to our loyal consumers that allow them to handle enhance and their shopping experience with us. So, we've got a lot of initiatives on the marketing, loyalty. You know Simon search is a great example where our consumer either in property or pre-visit, can search our tenant base for what-if they're looking for a black dress where in this center can I buy it, what retail are obviously that ties into the marketplace we're building with premium outlets, there'll be some news there this year on that front. So, that whole system about customer interaction, reinforcing their shopping behavior, rewarding loyalty, expediting their trip to make it more useful is a big focus. And then as important, I think this is number four, really is just we've got to do a great job of continuing to evolve our retail mix. The exciting thing is, there are more-and-more entrepreneurs, there are more-and-more exciting retailers that are coming up with great concepts, proving them out, and then realizing that our centers are a good place for them to do business. So, those are the ones that come to mind, and I'm certain, there'll be ones that I haven't even thought of.
Jeff Spector: Very helpful. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hi, good evening. Good evening out there, David. So, I think at the opening, you mentioned that NOI is now exceeding pre-pandemic, the dividend is within less than 10% of pre-pandemic and sort of - thinking about Jeff's and Steve's questions on reinvestment, as you think about getting back to that pre-pandemic dividend level, given the investment opportunities, especially, lack of supply, growing demand, people are once again really engaged in physical retail. Does that change your trajectory as you think about getting the dividend back to pre-pandemic, meaning, are there better investment opportunities with that capital or is the delta really a function of rising interest rates that's, meaning that the surpassing pre-pandemic NOI versus the dividend is really just a function of the higher interest expense now.
David Simon: Well I mean, Alex, look, our yield is ridiculously hot, okay. So, that's really where we could financially pay $2.10 tomorrow, right. So, we have $1.5 billion of free cash flow after dividends. So, it has nothing to do with financial wherewithal. I mean we like our - we would like - we don't like trading at this high yield. So I think, I think that's kind of how we look at it, we still think as we have these, additional capital events. We still are anxious to continue to buy our stock back. And again, when I look at either the S&P 500, I look at the REIT peer group, I look at, what the strip center REITs - our yield is plenty high for investors. So tell all my investors, I could pay $2.10 tomorrow evening, okay, per quarter without a blink and our yield is too high. And, it will be there before you know it, but we would like to trade at a lower yield, because we think, certainly if you look at it on that basis, our yield is higher than it should be I mean, the S&P is under 102%, our REIT strip centers, Tom are in the 4s. We're close to s7, right - 6.5 - 7. So. I mean Alex, you should be pounding the table.
Alexander Goldfarb: Yes, unfortunately, I'm a non-paying customer, the real customers are the ones listening to the call. We're just asking the questions.
David Simon: No, I, I'm kidding. By the way, we're not - just so you know, we like you're welcome out there, we are west of the Hudson, but we're not going to tell you exactly where we are, okay? Somewhere in Indiana tonight, - we may not be in Indiana tonight, but we are west of the Hudson.
Alexander Goldfarb: I assume you'll be in Las Vegas this Sunday.
David Simon: Well, I can't tell you in my schedule.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon, and thanks a lot for taking my question. David, base minimum rents are up healthily in a low single-digit range year-over-year, while your tenant sales per square foot are down slightly. So, can you just talk a little bit about these dynamics. Is that a function of your range, kind of catching up to some of the street, the tenants have experienced before their sales have started to come down and just how long are these dynamics kind of sustainable like this? Thank you.
David Simon: Sure . Good question, so I will say this. I think the rent - the going-in rents and renewals for new leases are very much sustainable. If you look at our occupancy costs, we are still at the low end of our historical range, and we're at 12.6% and we have run up to 14% plus before. And I would also, I would also caution report, these are the sales that our tenants are reporting to us, but they are somewhat affected by returns they it and so on. We actually think our sales per foot are higher than this. Some cases they have the ability to offset our returns in most cases, they don't. So, I just put that out there, so I wouldn't - and I mentioned this maybe two, three years ago, probably certainly pre-pandemic, but we report it. I know the market likes it. We actually think our sales were higher that come from our properties and then they are somewhat affected by returns. And we think some of - a lot of those returns are Internet sales returns. So, they don't even come from our properties. And so again, when we look at it, we feel like supply and demand, low occupancy cost, high retail sales, and just overall demand will be able to generate kind of the new leasing renewal spreads that we've seen over the last couple of years.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question. Floris, is your line on mute?
David Simon: Floris. Looks like we lost for Floris.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Mailman with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Mailman: Hi guys. Just - sorry. Just going back to maybe the reinvestments in here. You guys have plenty of cash after the dividend. And then just trying to curious at this point. What is the level of anchor box reinvestment you guys think you need to do just given what may be vacant today. And after you guys were spared kind of some of the recent Macy's closings. But just as you look at the portfolio today, kind of what do you think over the next two, three years, you guys could ultimately get back and have to re-tenant and just talked a lot about how the leasing environment is could. Just, what's the outlook for re-tenanting those boxes today? What's the targeted kind of make-up there and is luxury still doing enough to be able to be the primary kind of backfill option?
David Simon: Well, on the - Craig, on the department store boxes, I don't have it off the top of my head, but the launch we own basically don't have a ton of work to do. We have a handful of boxes that we own that are in process, like for instance, I've mentioned Brea, but just briefly on the call, we did - that was a former Sears store we tore it down in development now under construction now. So the actual stores that we own are not many, probably under 10 at this point that are either currently under construction or in process. So, very small amounts of, kind of a less of an opportunity than you think. The ones that we felt Transformco still owns some boxes and so does Seritage. So you know well, in our properties. So, we'll see how that evolves. I mean, eventually some of those could be opportunities for us to buy and redevelop. We haven't made deals on those just because bid and the ask has been too great, but we - and I don't think luxury is really going to be the dominant theme on a lot of these mixed use - I'm sorry, on these boxes. I think a lot of it will be - continue to be a mixed-use development that we're doing. And obviously, opening up, if it's in a closed mall opening the center up with restaurants and entertainment and so on and it has worked very well. So, we have a number under construction or about to be under construction, but we don't really have that existing pipe that until we make more deals to buy some of the boxes back. It's not as big as you might think that it's only a handful. Now Macy's is right there, they announced some store closings none of which are ours. So, we're always very focused on knowing exactly where we might be at risk. And I would point out, very importantly when Sears went out of business, the whole market said, how are you going to survive, Sears going out of business. They had 800 department stores at that time, frankly they're down, I believe they were operating five, six, seven, eight. I think we actually have the most between us and the Taubman portfolio, but how are you going to survive, the fact of the matter is, it was a non-event to the mall customer, and If anything is we've gotten those boxes back. We've made the center better. So, as we look, we don't look at box - the changes in box as a concern, we view it really more aggressively and progressively. And that's something that will enhance the properties in the portfolio and the assets that we were worried about that couldn't survive that, basically don't exist in our portfolio anymore. So if you asked me that question 10 years ago, I might have a different answer.
Craig Mailman: Great, thank you.
David Simon: Craig, I hope you get better prior to the Citi Conference, I'm sure you well, but you sound like you've lost your voice.
Craig Mailman: Yes. Hoping to be on the mend by then. Thanks, David.
David Simon: You will.
Operator: Our next question is from Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good evening . Could you help me better understand, how much incremental FFO, we should expect in '24 from development and redevelopment projects that stabilized either later in '23 or slated to be finished in '24, just any color to help us better understand the timing of incremental NOI and FFO from all the development activities would be helpful?
David Simon: Yes, in fact, it's interesting you actually take us - I think in '24 we're taking a step back. I'll just give you a trivial example. And I mentioned, Brian now for the third time, but we have a whole wing that's connected to the former Sears department store that we're redeveloping. We'll have some outdoor shops, we're building Dick's Sporting Goods. We have a Lifetime Fitness resorts and then we'll do roughly 350 apartments or so, but that wing leading to Sears, we've had to de-lease it to ultimately put in, I am not sure, I am allowed to say it, but I'll say it anyway, Zara, Uniqlo and they won't open until end of '24, best-case. So. this advanced, by and large, all of this stuff in the U.K. that we've listed and I don't believe Brea's in the year if it is, just it will be there shortly. None that is really - affect that really gets in '24, we do have Tulsa opening in late-summer that will have a marginal impact leasing is going well. With all the redeveloping, this is really more of a '25 - '26 story. And the one that will see the benefit of this year and I have a number handy is 6, which we opened in '23. That's kind of the one that would say most meaningful of it. But most of the redevelopment is of '25 - '26 story.
Vince Tibone: No, that's really helpful. I mean, is there any like for just in terms of the get the $1.3 billion that's active today, plus $800 million you're going to start. I mean what's the fair assumption for '25 - '26, in terms of level of maybe spend stabilizing, I mean I have to look at how we model it, like, is $500 million stabilizing annually at, we'll call it, 7% - 8% yield a fair assumption, or that's something I'm trying to get at like how quickly.
David Simon: No. I appreciate that. If you don't include what I saw ground up, new development, I would say probably about between $600 million and $800 million a year and our goal would hopefully be to bring that in at north of eight. Obviously, if It is multifamily, you can still create value at a lower yield than that, and in some cases, we're building at a lower yield than that, like for instance both Brea's apartments and the ones that we're building at the former Northgate Mall, where we're basically about to start construction there, will be sub-eight. So, it may being round down that 8%, but if you're targeting kind of everything else, we would hope to be north of that.
Vince Tibone: Thank you. That's all really helpful color. I appreciate it.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ron Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ron Kamdem: Great. Just a two-parter really quickly. Starting with the core NOI, just in '24, can you just touch on the tourist centers and how much recovery there is and how much upside for volume to '24 , as well as the variable to fixed conversion, just trying to get a sense of how much of a tailwind that is to the core. And then on the sort of other platform investments, maybe could you just touch on what seasonality should we be thinking about between sort of the first part of the year and 4Q . Thanks so much.
David Simon: Sure, so - and Brian will chime in here. I will just give you some thoughts off my head and then Brian, hopefully, will agree or correct people. Three or correctly. So. I would say we saw in '23 really decent bounce-back from the tourist centers. I give you a great example. So, - and I was just happy to look at this having to look at this for now, I must have been probably doing my job. But, I noticed in Q4 as an example of the bounce back, the Woodbury Q4 sales were around $350 million. Sorry. Which to me is a real good indicator of bounce back and obviously, the highest fourth-quarter sales we've had zero in quite some time. So, I would say generally we're seeing a really good bounce-back in the tourist centers. I don't think we're the one area that the U.S. overall and obviously will have an impact on us. I do not think we'll see the Chinese. We do not expect the Chinese to come back the way they have beforehand before pandemic and they had - and just our tourist centers did outpace our sales for the portfolio for '23 on average. So, good bounce-back across-the-board and then I would on your variable rent, we continue to see that as lower percent revenues, both the vast majority as we increased our, the way to think about it and it's interesting is and again, hopefully Brian will need to correct me, but Brian's available to correct me. Our domestic operations at $0.28 of improvement Q-over-Q, that's $0.28, and within that $0.28, our variable income went down. So I think that gives you kind of a of a leading barometer, we're still working that way down and we're getting that into kind of our base rent. So and then your final on OPI, loss Q1 relatively flat Q2, Q3 and then most of it in Q4. Q2 is a little better than Q3 usual, but on the margins. And it's only growing projecting this year $0.10 to $0.15.
Brian McDade: All right. Got it.
Ron Kamdem: Thanks so much.
David Simon: Thanks, Ron.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Greg McGinniss: Hi, good evening, David. I just wanted to dig into the guidance a bit and that OPI that you just cited in particular. Is it fair to assume that the $0.10 to $0.15 includes gains or monetization similar to last year or operations expected to improve from the minus $0.02 contribution to FFO in 2023?
David Simon: Yes, thank you for that question and the answer is no, that's pure operations. And no one-timer or sale gains or any of that are in there. And yes - I mean - just by - I mean, we had a tough '23 in our OPI. We didn't meet our both our budgeted expectations and our expectations kind of mid-year when we re-calibrated it. The team in OPI, again we're partners with, so it's not just us, where partners are making significant efforts within their own business to improve performance. And again, the overriding theme was - and we should be sensitive to this across the board, the overriding theme was the lower income consumers still, with inflation embedded even though inflation has subsided, they are still dealing with things that cost a lot more money than they used to. And the good news is, their income is increasing, but it's still not in a position that they have the discretionary income that they need and they deserve. And, we need to figure that out as a country.
Greg McGinniss: So just to clarify.
David Simon: So no - yes, so I hopefully I answered. So no one-time gains, hopefully, we're being conservative and that's kind of where the numbers are. And yes, just to take a step back, we're kind of getting OPI in this level where it was pre the extraordinary year of '21 '22, if you go back in time, this is kind of where the number was already cleared. We had - we really outpaced ourselves that extraordinary '21 and '22 and I think now we're kind of getting back to more of a more stabilized number.
Greg McGinniss: So, just to clarify, so there's going to be some improvements in operations I guess, that are going to be kind of driving this year-over-year growth. But what do you think that implies in terms of the operational standpoint and the customer for your other tenants in the portfolio. And how are those retailers performing and are they going to be able to make the same sort of operational changes to benefit income?
David Simon: Well, you're just talking about our tenant base now is that the question or...
Greg McGinniss: Your tenants, yes.
David Simon: Okay, well, like I said, the ones of SPARC and Penny I really spoke to. I mean, I think generally, the plan with that they have in place we think we're on the right track and we're all working very hard to produce these results, and hopefully, we'll do better than that. Again, I mentioned to you, we're kind of getting back to where we used to be and if you looked at it in conjunction with pre-pandemic '18, '19, that's kind of where the number was. And we really outperformed in '21, '22. And we really underperformed in '23, simple as that. Brands are good. Businesses have the right game plan and we're moving. I would - so that's SPARC, Penny, questions on that.
Greg McGinniss: No.
David Simon: Then I'll move to your other questions. I mean. Here retail is very specific. So, I think our retailers generally and the credit is in really good shape. There's always one or two or three tenants that we are somewhat nervous about. But there - they all understand the importance of bricks and mortar, they're reinvesting in their stores. They're spending less on technology, which is good for us, putting more money back in the stores. And there are open to buy and return on investment in stores is a proven financial model. They're doing that. So I'd say generally comfortable, very comfortable with all the retailers that we're doing business with, but there will always be a couple of here and there that have to sort of through their financial issues.
Greg McGinniss: Great, thanks for the color, David.
David Simon: Sure, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Hong Zhang with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Hong Zhang: Yes, hi guys. I guess, I was wondering if you could quantify the magnitude of the development drag this year. And also it seems like you saw a very strong rent and occupancy growth in the Taubman portfolio in the fourth quarter, measuring what drove that and what are your expectations for that portfolio this year as well.
David Simon: Just on Taubman, and I mean, our expectations on the comp NOI are roughly right on in excess of 3%. What drove both portfolios really is supply and demand, multi-retail sales, operational excellence, all the things there I mentioned earlier. Listen, we're a big company, we did have some drag from redevelopment, but it's not, it's not an excuse. We don't worry about it, and it's not so much big redevelopment. You - when you re-tenant a mall you have downtime and as I've mentioned this before, the better the tenant, the better the build-out. And in some cases, build-out is six to nine months and restaurants it can be even close to a year. And as you know, we have - our portfolio restaurant new business is at least 100 new restaurants over the next year or so. So, it is a long, arduous process getting permits. I mean, we had a crazy thing in the Bay Area, where they couldn't hook up the gas for a while. Encourage you to read the Supreme Court, over-ruling an ordinance in Berkeley, that affected if you're really bored, you can read it. We finally got guests back into the year at center. And as you know, chefs like to cook with gas. So, it was - it cost us six months and the delay. I mean that's normal. But I'd say the bigger issue on just is not so much redevelopment, it is really re-tenanting and I would say by and large, if I had to it make-up a number, it costs this probably $0.10 to $0.20 a year, just downtime, but that's a guess.
Hong Zhang: Got it, thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ki Bin Kim with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Just a couple of questions, first, your operating expenses were down in 4Q. I just curious what drove that and if that's sustainable.
Brian McDade: Yes, Jason, this is Brian. Yes, we did see some savings on a year-over-year. There was some seasonality to it, weather was a little bit lighter. But yes, we do expect it's sustainable.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, and on the ABG partial sale, was it down around valuation versus the $18 billion mark previously?
David Simon: Down.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you.
Brian McDade: Yes, remember that that was the enterprise value, added some debt. So that was an equity value. But it was - just when you say $18 billion that's enterprise value as opposed to equity because.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you.
Brian McDade: Sure, no problem.
Operator: Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hi, good evening out there.
David Simon: How are you?
Haendel St. Juste: I'm doing great, sir. Hope you're well too. Question I have is on your side, but not yet opened pipeline. I think last quarter or you previously outlined is about 200 basis points of embedded occupancy from that side but not yet open pipeline. So maybe you can give us an update on where that stands today. And then also maybe what's embedded in the guide for bad debt and lease term fees this year. Thank you.
Brian McDade: So, Simon opens a little bit north of 200 basis points. We've been kind of holding that, we open stores and find new leases, so we're holding steady around 200 basis points. We are assuming a normal level of bad debt, which is about 25 basis points to total revenue would be our expectation on that.
Haendel St. Juste: Lease term fees.
Brian McDade: A normal rate of lease term fees. I think the answer - the number for the year is about $30 million.
Haendel St. Juste: Thank you.
David Simon: Okay, thank you. Operator.
Operator: Our next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good evening. Just a quick one for me, just curious on the current state of affairs with Jamestown, and how that relationship is progressing more talk about mixed-use, so just curious if there's anything In the works or in the planning stages that you're doing with them and how you are thinking about that particular relationship. Thank you.
David Simon: Yes, thank you. So, we haven't quite have the year under our belt, but very pleased with the relationship and the partnership and we continue to look at opportunities both within our pipeline and obviously, what they do on behalf of investors. So, a lot of good feedback going both ways and We we're working on one project. I mean we have one development project where we're working on together, but other than that it's a lot of corporate. There is - it is more strategic and more of a corporate discussion than property-level specifics other than one where we are partners on and going through the development process in that now in the Southeast.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the floor back over to the management for closing comments.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you. And obviously, Tom and Brian, are available. And we really appreciate everybody's participation. Talk to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Simon Property Group Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Sheri. And thank you for joining us this evening. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Also on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer, and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. A quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that maybe accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call this evening will be limited to one hour. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you to please respect our request to limit yourself to one question. I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good evening. And I'm pleased to report our third-quarter results. Third quarter funds from operation were $1.2 billion or $3.20 per share. Let me walk you through some of the highlights for this quarter. Compared to the same quarter of 2022, domestic and international operations had a very good performance this quarter, and contributed $0.17 of growth, primarily driven by higher rental income. Non-cash after-tax gain -- gains of $0.32 in the third quarter were related to the partial sale of our ownership interest in SPARC and ABG as a result of ABG selling primary shares in the quarter. Higher interest expense was a setback of $0.07 year-over-year. We had a $0.15 lower contribution from our other property investment platform compared to Q3 2022, and a $0.02 loss on mark-to-market of publicly traded securities. FFO from our real estate business was $2.91 per share in the third quarter compared to $2.83 in the prior period last year. So far, our real estate has produced $8.55 per share for the first nine months compared to $8.40 from last year. We are pleased with the transaction SPARC completed with SHEIN during the third quarter that demonstrated the value that we have created in that business. The transaction was significantly above our basis. And as a result, we recognized a gain in the corner. And the transaction ultimately reduced our ownership interest in SPARC from 50% to 33% as we have managed SHEIN as a partner. Given our lower ownership interest in the back-end weighting profitability in the fourth quarter, we now expect $0.05 lower FFO contribution from SPARC in the fourth quarter of this year. During the third quarter, the Taubman family exercised their put right on a portion of their interest in TRG. We exchange 1.725 million partnership interest units for an additional 4% ownership interest. We now own 84% of TRG. Domestic property NOI increased 4.2% year-over-year for the quarter and 3.8% for the first nine months. Portfolio NOI, which includes our international properties at constant currency, grew 4.3% for the quarter and 4% for the first nine months of the year. Mall and outlet occupancy at the end of the third quarter was 95.2%, an increase of 70 basis points compared to last year. Our third quarter occupancy is higher than fourth quarter of last year, which has not occurred historically. The mill's occupancy was 97.4%, and occupancy is above all year-end 2019 levels for all of our platforms. Average base minimum rent for malls and outlets increased 2.9% year-over-year and the mills was 3.6% year-over-year. Leasing momentum continues across our portfolio. We signed more than 970 leases for approximately $4.3 million square feet in the quarter. Through the first nine months of 2023, we signed more than 3,500 leases for 15 million square feet, which is expected to generate over $1 billion of revenue. We have an additional 1,100 deals in our pipeline, including renewals for another $400 million in revenue. We are seeing strong broad-based demand from retail community, including continued strength for many categories. Reported retail sales per square foot in the third quarter was $744 for the mills and outlets combined and $676 for mills. We continue to be active in redevelopment and new development. During the quarter, we started construction on a significant redevelopment at Brea Mall, and a new upscale outlet center in Jakarta, our first Premium Outlet in Indonesia. We completed the refinancing of 11 property mortgages during the first nine months of the year for a total of $960 million at an average rate of 6%. We have -- our balance sheet is strong with approximately $8.8 billion of liquidity. Today, we announced a dividend of $1.90 per share for the fourth quarter, which is a year-over-year increase of 5.6%. The dividend is payable on December 29th. And we also purchased approximately 1.27 million shares of our common stock for $140 million. We are increasing our full-year 2023 guidance from $11.85 to $11.95, to $12.15 to $12.25 per share. This is an increase of $0.30 at the midpoint. So to conclude, I'm pleased with our third-quarter results. Our business is performing well and is ahead of our plan. Tenant demand is strong. Occupancy is increasing. Base minimum rent levels are at record levels. And we are very experienced at managing our business through volatile periods of time. And as you all know, this is when we do some of our best work. So, we're now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ron Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Ron Kamdem: Great. Thanks so much. Just one on some of the guideposts you've given in the past. As we're flipping the calendar to 2024, you talked about sort of 3% organic growth as achievable. Just wondering how you're thinking about that and how we should think about potential interest costs, headwinds as debt sort of rolls? Thanks.
David Simon: Sure. Look, I think we feel good about that kind of comparable NOI growth. Our debt is reasonably laddered. So yes, we'll have some interest expense headwinds, but we still think we'll end up growing our business next year with that said.
Ron Kamdem: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Go ahead, Ron.
Ron Kamdem: I was just going to say if I could ask a follow up just on the $0.30 cent guidance raise. I think you talked about $0.32 cent gain and then $0.05 cents lower from the retailers. Just wondering is there any other sort of puts and takes that we should be mindful of? Thanks.
David Simon: Sure. No, we're going to have $0.05 lower because of the SPARC-SHEIN deal. We lost a couple of cents from our mark to market on a couple of our public securities that we own last quarter. And essentially the real estate business has been very significant to our growth and we'll kind of see where the fourth quarter ends up but I think it's -- 97% of our business is going to outperform what we thought from originally what we had budgeted.
Ron Kamdem: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good evening everyone. David, I know you gave some numbers on recent leasing activity which sounds really strong. I was wondering if you could give some additional context maybe to how that leasing activity compares to recent and pre-pandemic years, maybe what that means for pricing and how that could impact permanent occupancy?
David Simon: Well, thank you, Caitlin. So I would say, let me try and address your questions in no particular word. I think we'll be, year-end occupancy will be obviously higher than it is today. I don't know that it will be our highest ever, but it it'll be within distance pretty close. Even with all the volatility in the world and the market, we still expect -- we still see demand very strong. I mean, we're -- frankly, we're cautious, we're waiting for shoes to drop, but we haven't seen it on our new deals, whether it's F&B, entertainment, high-end luxury tenants, athleisure, just to name some categories. We're seeing -- we're still seeing a lot of demand on that front. And I would say from a pricing element, we feel -- I would say we feel comparable to the way we felt in 15, 16, 17 era, in terms of era. I guess that was almost seven, eight years ago, but lots happened over those seven or eight years. But we still feel like that's kind of -- we're in that good shape where we're driving rents up and it's okay for the retailers. They're making deals and supplying demands in our favor. Obviously we cycled through a lot of poor performing retailers due to COVID. And the ones that we are doing new deals with are excited to do business with us. So pricing is for sure going in the right direction. Occupancy is going up. And tenant demand is pretty strong across the whole spectrum. And even in certain categories, just to take luxury, yes, there are some that are being more cautious, but there's plenty that are growing new stores. So it's really retail specific. Obviously bricks and mortar through the pandemic to today has proven its value to retailers. I'm sure you hear that on the conference calls from retailers. So in that sense, we're making a lot of good stuff happen. Brian, did you have something on the occupancy?
Brian McDade: I was just going to say we continue to see about 30% of our deals being new deals in the quarter. So that's consistent with the prior quarter as well. So there is definitely lots of activity on a new deal basis.
Caitlin Burrows: Great, sounds encouraging. Thanks.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Samir Khanal: Good evening, everyone. David, maybe provide color on how your malls are performing versus outlets, maybe from a regional standpoint, coastal, non-coastal, Sun Belt, just trying to see if there's any differences from a leasing standpoint? Thanks.
David Simon: Sure. It's interesting. I would say we're seeing pretty good tenant sales growth on the tourism properties, whether they're outlet or malls. Now, the most of our pure tourist properties are really the outlet centers, and we're seeing good growth in that category. Traffic, generally, is slightly above last year, still slightly below 19, but obviously conversions way up because our sales are on a per square foot basis are much higher than 19. I would say generally whether mall or outlet, the Sun Belt area has produced pretty good results in terms of sales year-to-date. We saw actually a decent pickup in California which was encouraging, but really good growth in a Woodbury Common that is finally getting the tourism back to where it is. And, [Prairie] (ph) has been strong in the outlet business. There's no question people are looking for a little more value or maybe they're looking for a lot more value given the higher inflation that the consumers had to deal with. Not a huge bifurcation between malls and outlets. It's very property specific. The different -- as you know, we reported flat sales basically quarter-over-quarter and there's no real difference between outlets and malls in that number. Luxury probably, well didn't probably, it did flatten out in the third quarter of this year for sure, but it wasn't across the board. It was more a couple specific retailers had a tough Q3, others were up. So it was really retailer-specific. Jewelry, malls may have a little more exposure to jewelry. So that was a category that took a little more on the chin. Yet some of our higher end retailers in the jewelry category performed well. So it was basically not a real trend. I'd say the most important thing to come away with is that the Sun Belt continues to perform well and we're seeing the tourist centers kind of make a nice comeback. They've been lagging a little bit more than the others over time, and a little bit of flatlining in the luxury category. Tom, Brian, anything you want to add?
Brian McDade: No, I think you covered it, David.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good evening. Good evening out there, David. So I'll do one question and I'll hold the follow-up. As you guys gain leverage with the tenants, are you seeing tangible ability to get more favorable terms? One of the issues with retail over time has been the tenants, especially the larger tenants or the more anchorage or more fashion, like the hot tenants of the day are driving lease terms traditionally. Curious if you're seeing a change in that which would translate to an ability to accelerate rent growth, NOI growth, et cetera.
David Simon: Well, we don't have -- I mean, thank you for the question, Alex. We're not that far away. You always say out here, we're really not that far away. But put that aside, it's not a question of leverage over the retailers. I think what we have going for us is a great diverse portfolio. It's the best in the industry from mills to our outlets to our full price malls. And that's unique, its size, its scale, its quality that weve built up over many, many years. And as you remember, I don't think it was last quarter, maybe it was, Tom, but when we went through the transformation of the portfolio, was it last quarter? So we've done a lot to try to improve the quality of the portfolio. And I would say that obviously there's not a lot of new retail being built. There's not a lot of retailers closing stores and -- or going bankrupt. And I think most retailers today know kind of the good malls and the good properties versus the not so good. And when you add that up, supply and demand is in our favor and we're generating market rents. It's neither here nor there. But importantly, and I think I'd like to address this with you is that, and again, I'm sure retailers have different point of view, but I think the most interesting fact, or the most interesting thing that we have going for us in addition to the quality, diversity, et cetera, that I mentioned, they know we're going to be around. So -- and they know that we'll stick to a deal, we'll make it happen. When we say we're going to redevelop something, we do it. And I think that when there are open to buys, we tend to get our fair share of those or more than because of some of the factors that I mentioned, quality, scale, but also the fact that they know we're going to get the job done. And obviously there's been a lot of changes in mall ownership over the years. Balance sheet and quality of operations is a two-way street. It's both. As we look at retailers, we assess that. They certainly assess us. And I think that gives us an advantage that we've worked very hard, as you know, to achieve and, I mean, how do I say this? I mean, we've really outpaced our peer group dramatically in any measure you want, growth, earnings, dividend, quality of operations, scale, balance sheet, the -- I know we all focus quarter to quarter and this and that, but if you take a step back and you go, what do you got going for you? And again, we don't -- this sounds a little braggadocious. I don't want it to, but I mean, we've really outpaced, if you look over the last 10 -- 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 years, you know, we've dramatically outpaced our peer group.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you. No follow-up. I stumped you. I love it.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you. Good afternoon. David, just want to tie in some of the leasing comments, the momentum you're seeing, the deals in the pipeline, the high occupancy levels to the redevelopment pipeline. And just, I guess, how are you thinking about that pipeline and the ability to increase that? Like, how are you going to satisfy some of the needs out there and continue to capture that market share maybe even more?
David Simon: Thank you, Jeff. So look, I think we have the ability to develop and redevelop because we're not -- essentially what I said earlier, we're not -- listen, we've got to be stewards of capital, we've got to be very focused but we're not capital constrained the way some others might be. And our ability to invest in our portfolio is unmatched. So we intend to do that. Now at the same time, Jeff, rates are up. Returns for us have to be up. And so you haven't seen a really big change in our 8-K redevelopment, but that takes time because a lot of the stuff was put in place. But when we build something new or we redevelop, we're going to have to do a better job of leasing and returns and to warrant that capital because just about everything we do, I mean we still want to maintain our leadership position, but just about every amount of capital we spend, I have to measure it in my own mind against buying our stock back. And, I mean our stock, as you saw we bought stock back, so our stock is pretty compelling. So we want to redevelop, we want to new develop, but we've got a high hurdle that we've got to jump over. So like we've done historically, I expect us to find the right balance between continuing and to maintain our leadership position, investing in our properties for the benefit of shareholders, communities, retailers alike, but at the same time, we've got to be economic animals. And that's what -- everybody here understands that process, and that's what we try and achieve.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed.
Michael Goldsmith: Good evening. Thanks a lot for taking my question. David, you specifically mentioned the performance of the real estate business on this call several times, which has been strong. At the same time this quarter you sold off some of SPARC. So how can you continue to refine some of the ancillary parts of the business so that the strength that we're seeing and that you're talking about on the core business can continue to shine through?
David Simon: Well, listen, it's a very good question and it's less and less of our business. As you know, it's under 5% of our earnings. You also have to understand that, when we add to the -- when we add it to our FFO, it's net income, which in many of these cases, you don't add -- well, all of these cases, you don't add back depreciation. So EBITDA and our FFO contribution are much different. Importantly, these have all been profitable endeavors. But we understand that even this small amount of earnings that we get in comparison to our total earnings power is volatile. People don't like the volatility. We'll, like we did with SPARC earlier, we're going to continue to harvest our investments over time. And as we do that, we're going to -- if you ask me today, we'll monetize things over time and we're going to buy our stock back because it's wildly accreted because let's look at it. You know what I trade at as a multiple of FFO and you know I have investment value in these investments, but they give us very little earnings because of GAAP. And if you do the math, you can see the accretion we would get on a buyback. So they're basically, I get no earnings from them, but I've got value and it's our job to get the value into cash, take the cash, buy our stock back or invest in properties and have it a bygone era of the time. But with an asterisk that said, attaboy, you made a lot of money. So that's the strategy. I hope that answers your question.
Operator: Our next question is from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed.
Floris van Dijkum: Hey David. Thanks for taking my question. So I was curious on TRG. So I noticed the occupancy dipped a little bit. You essentially -- you want to, increasing your ownership by 4% by issuing some OPUs. What price was the stock issued at and what yield are you buying? What's the implied cap rate on the TRG business and how should we think about that also as it relates to other potential opportunities in the market and how much flexibility was there and then maybe I guess in terms of the timing of the next sort of puts or hurdles that you have for increasing your interest in that business going forward?
David Simon: Yeah, let me -- I'll just talk about the exchange a little bit, and then Brian can give you an idea. The occupancy is no big deal, but I'll let Brian go through that. So Taubman has the right to put their interest, their 4% interest for the next five years and it's basically at essentially appraised value. It's either a negotiation or we get appraisal firms. We decided to negotiate in good faith. We made a deal and then we issued the stock. And, I mean the reality is we're trading, Simon Property Group unequivocally is trading below appraised value. So one of the reasons we bought our stock back was, I'm not a big fan of issuing stock at this moment in time, so we'll use our capital to basically get rid of the dilution that we did issue. Now, Taubman had that right. They exercised it appropriately. We had a good faith negotiation, made a deal, and it was more or less at their appraised value. And to put it in perspective, for today's value, it's probably pretty close to where we negotiated our deal with Taubman pre-COVID and then obviously we got the COVID adjustment, but it was in that range, kind of where the deal was announced publicly. And so we're going to quarterize that dilution by buying our stock back. We started that once we made the deal. And I think the family's pretty smart. They said, Simon Property Group stocks undervalued, and I like the dividend, and why not? So I think, I don't know what will happen next year. It could be the same thing, but at this point they have 16% left in TRG. We're happy to own 100% of TRG. I think they're happy, to do what they're doing and we'll deal with it as time goes on. But nothing can happen the rest of this year and it's sometime next year that this all recycles. So with that said, I hope that answers that, but I'll --Brian, if you want to add anything to that, please.
Brian McDade: Nothing on that, but, Floris, on your question about their occupancy, it is back 110 basis points. There were really two major spaces that they had to take out of commission that they come back online in the fourth quarter. So you will see that come back on and then some in the fourth quarter, it's just simply timing.
Floris van Dijkum: Got it. And if I may -- if you don't mind, the -- if I recall correctly after you look at my notes but the cap rate at the time that you did the deal was, it had a six handle on it. Is that the right way to think about the appraised value for TRG?
David Simon: Well, again, this was a negotiated deal. Their view of appraised value started much higher than that with all due respect for us, which you might imagine. But we settled on a deal that today, if you go back in time to -- Taubman pre-COVID would have attributed Taubman's per share number in the $51 range. So somewhere in that range, we ended up, if you remember, doing COVID at $43 a share. I will tell you that their NOI today is higher than it was in 19. Portfolios change here and there, so it's really hard to do an apple on apple, but at the end of the day, that gives you the sense of things. But you're not that far off. I think that's a reasonable estimate. But that kind of puts all the metrics out there. And again, not a huge deal in the scheme of things, under a couple hundred million today. So -- but it gives you a perspective of kind of that. I think they would argue the appraised value is much higher than what they exchange at, but we ultimately did not go through the appraisal process.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks, David.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good afternoon. So minimum base rents were about 3% year-over-year, which is about the same level as contractual bumps. So I'm just trying to get a sense of leasing spread economics here. Like, does that mean leasing spreads are also in the low single-digit range or are there other factors influencing this metric, one way or another?
David Simon: Well, I mean, I'll see if Brian will add to it. Just remember, this is the total portfolio, so to move this thing up takes a lot, right? And spreads are just a moment -- leases that come in and go out. So you can't really look at it that way. So for us to move the entire portfolio gives you a sense of leasing spreads. Now, if you look at whatever pages on the 8-K, the new -- we added some new information there on the 29 -- 21. That -- you'll see some of that -- some of these that are going in there now are driving the rent. Those numbers now include our new leases that are driving that base minimum rent up.
Brian McDade: Yes. I mean we typically only touch about 10% of our leases a year, Vince. So you got to factor that in as well. So renewals are about 10%, but the balance is our new leases, which as David said, are really driving the higher -- or contributing to the higher average base minimum rents.
Vince Tibone: But was my statement fair though, that contracts will bump for base rents still around 3% or are they lower than that, the overall portfolio?
Brian McDade: No, they're right in that range, Vince.
Vince Tibone: And then just -- is there any color you can share about renewal spreads? And I know it's hard to move the overall portfolio with 10%, but this kind of conversation means they're not too far away from the average contractual bumps. Because if they were plus 30%, to take an extreme example, we could see that in the metrics. So I'm just trying to ultimately get some more color here on renewal economics.
David Simon: Yeah. I mean, I guess, again Vince, in order to have the average base minimum rent go up for 20,000 leases, okay, of 3%, versus 10% to 15% that calculate spread, you're going to be -- mathematically going to have rent spreads that are higher than the 3%. And we'll walk you through that later, but that, just from a math point of view, there's just no way that that can drive that number up, but we'll walk you through that. So when you say that, we would say to you that's not reality because in order to drive up average base minimum rent for 20,000 leases or thereabouts, you're going to have to outperform much more than the 3% on just what's rolling over.
Vince Tibone: We can take it offline. I appreciate the time.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please proceed.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good evening David and Brian. I'll keep this to 1.5 questions for you. So last quarter you spoke about potentially being more active with asset recycling or reallocating real estate capital. Have the challenges facing the financing market changed those expectations at all? Or how are you thinking about that today? And how are higher interest rates impacting your customers and tenants?
David Simon: Well, I'll take the last first. So I would say higher interest rates/inflation clearly is affecting a good portion of the consumer out there. So their affordability for -- and we're seeing this most on the consumer on what I'd call the kind of the more -- the brands that are focused on the more moderate income consumer. So there's no question that that's having some impact. But the good news is you've got employment and you've got wage growth that is counter balancing that, but they're definitely being more cautious. So that's not necessarily affecting a higher income consumer to the extent that you might otherwise think, but it's clearly affecting the lower or more moderate income consumer that they're being more cautious. And from our standpoint, from a retail point of view, demand, like I said earlier, we haven't seen it affecting retailers too much in terms of their growth plans. But we obviously monitor that every day. So from our standpoint, our cost of capital is up. So any investment we make, as I mentioned earlier, is in the -- is measured against return we would get from buying our stock back to return that we would get from redevelopment or development. And given that, that's why we haven't been active on the acquisition front. And I don't expect that to really change. In addition, we're always looking at monetizing our assets, whether it's real estate or otherwise, and to the extent that we can make the math work and we create liquidity through asset sales, the math is very compelling for us to do that to buy our stock back. And so you'll see more of that trend continue.
Greg McGinniss: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Mike Mueller: Yeah. Hi, just a quick one here. I know this is a bit of a hypothetical, but do you think you would have bought stock back if you didn't issue the shares to Taubman?
David Simon: I think we would buy, I'm sorry, I think we're looking -- it's a good question, a fair question, and let me say this, the way I'm thinking about it. So to the extent that we have additional liquidity events or in the case of Taubman, dealing with the dilution of issuing stock at this price, there's no question we're going to buy our stock back. To the extent that we don't, I don't have an answer for you yet on whether we would have done it absent the TRG issuance or enhanced liquidity from asset sales. But like I said, our development pipeline, redevelopment pipeline is very much, very much measured up against the stock buyback. And every asset I've got, I don't have to own anything at this point. I'm happy to sell assets at the right price to buy our stock back. And I think you'll see more of that from us over time. And that could be real estate and/or other stuff.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. And real quick, and just in case I missed this, was there any change to the OPI guidance that's embedded in your current FFO outlook?
David Simon: Yes, we've lowered it. We've lowered it. Other than the -- you understand the $0.05 because we own less of SPARC. We have lowered it for the fourth quarter by roughly guys -- for the fourth quarter it would be about $0.20.
Brian McDade: Yeah,
David Simon: Roughly $0.20 in the fourth quarter. Lower contribution -- if you look in total for the year, and our share of that is roughly -- if you take out the $0.05, we've lowered it about $0.15 cents.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Mailman with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Its actually Nick Joseph here with Craig. David, you've talked a lot on the share buybacks and it sounds like in your answer to the last question, we're open to asset sales and other monetization opportunities. What are you seeing in the transaction market today in terms of those asset sales? Where are cap rates? What's the buyer pool like? Are you seeing an opportunity to try to crystallize some of that disconnect between the stock price and where you'd hope to sell an asset?
David Simon: Well look, I think domestic retail is not a lot of transactions, but we have assets throughout the world. That's one. Two is obviously we've got investments in our OPI category. But frankly, domestic assets other than maybe some of our residential stuff, hotel stuff, there's just not a lot happening. And we might see some stuff, but I think that won't be really driving kind of the activity that we would anticipate.
Nick Joseph: Thanks.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Linda Tsai: Hi, thanks for taking my question. About 6% of ABR is on month-to-month leasing and then 12% expiring for 24. How much of the month-to-month is getting converted to permanent or should that number grow? And then in terms of the 12% expiring in 24, what's been addressed from a renewal standpoint from where you stand today?
David Simon: Yeah, I know that there's a number of leases in 23 that are basically agreed to. We're just finalizing the documentation. So that's the first. And I would think that generally we're more than halfway through 24 right now on a kind of a negotiated, not papered basis. So, Brian, I don't know if you want to add anything to it, but that would be -- that's kind of where we are generically.
Brian McDade: And Linda, you can see the material change, Q2 over to Q3, we've cleared about 2.2 million square feet out of that category. It's just a matter of processing. We talked about it on our last call. There's just a lag effect on the processing of those leases. So we do expect that to continue.
Linda Tsai: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good evening out there. Dave, I just had a quick follow-up on the consumer retail sales line of question from earlier. I think you noted your portfolio sales were flattish during the quarter. We've heard from other sectors, storage, apartments, which seemed like the consumer hit a bit of a wall during the third quarter in September. I'm curious if you saw anything within the quarter, maybe in September of that sort? And then perhaps what your expectations in the near-term outlook for retail sales for your portfolio and the consumer as we head into the holiday season the next year? Thanks.
David Simon: Sure. Well, generally, as we said earlier in the year, we expect to be more or less flat. So that's kind of what our expectations continue to be in terms of retail -- reported retailer sales. Again, we feel pretty good about the higher income consumer. We've also got a balancing act in terms of -- some of our value-oriented centers will maybe play a more important role for our consumer today that they might not have otherwise played last couple of years. But, it's unknown. I mean, we're being extra cautious because of the -- inflation is still a little bit there, still taking a bite out of the consumer and obviously you've got rates that are beginning to filter through the economic system. So cautious, flat, we're not anticipating a downturn, but not a robust sales growth for the fourth quarter, relatively flat.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Appreciate that. If I could squeeze in a follow-up, I think you mentioned earlier as well that you started, I think it was [$960 million] (ph) of new redevelopment at 6% yields, and you talked about a higher hurdle rate, maybe some color on perhaps what that hurdle rate today is and where the next batch of redevelopment yields or projects would need to be and where we could see them migrate to? Thank you.
David Simon: Sure. Yeah, I think the -- it's a little bit dependent upon the real estate. So, and what we're trying to accomplish and what the benefits of that real estate are and where the market is for that. So, for instance, when we build a new residential apartment house, we look at kind of where the value and the cap rates for that are. They may be obviously lower than our own, but to the extent that we feel like we might sell it and make the arbitrage, we'll do that. Again, if we've got an asset that's a 6% cap rate, we're building to an 8%, that's creating value. On the other hand, if we have an 8% asset that we're building to a 6%, it ain't going to happen. So there's no -- we have themes. We have points of view. But just like anything else, every transaction we do, every redevelopment we do really is grounded by what we're trying to accomplish with that real estate. So -- but overall, again, like I said earlier, we've got to push it higher because, our cost of capital regardless is up across the board. So we don't have the luxury to build dilutive deals. And as you know, we've never really bought dilutive. We've never really built dilutive. And we certainly don't anticipate in doing that today. We've always had a spread to our financing and to the quality of what we built. We expect that to continue but that -- obviously those thresholds have been raised.
Haendel St. Juste: Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Juan Sanabria: Saving the best for last. I love it. Thanks for the time. I'm just curious if you could comment on kind of the watch list you've commented about the consumer, but maybe what the bad debt has been here to date with the historical levels is in your perspective as you think about 24.
David Simon: The watch list on retailers?
Juan Sanabria: Yes sir.
David Simon: Yeah, it's relatively low. There are a couple that were there today that probably weren't there last year. Obviously I'm not going to name those. So it certainly hasn't grown all that much, but there are one or two retailers that we're paying close attention to. And I probably wouldn't have said that last year. So I think that -- I mean it's not a very good answer, but it's probably the best way to explain it without naming names. But there are a couple on that list today that didn't exist yesterday. But they're not 10 names, they're a couple. Brian, you want to add anything?
Brian McDade: No, I think that's right, David. It is certainly expanded, but by only two or three names. And it's at a relatively low point relative to history.
David Simon: Yeah, and I want to just confirm with everyone that that is, as you look at our, what page is our top tenant list on?
Brian McDade: It's on 22.
David Simon: 22? It's certainly none of the category that is in our top 10 or top 20. So -- and as you know, our department stores don't pay -- really don't pay all that much. Well, you have the rent there in terms of what they pay.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Simon for closing comments.
David Simon: Well, thank you, and we finished a little bit earlier. So I think, enjoy the rest of the evening.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Simon Property Group's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to your host, Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Mr. Ward, you may begin.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Camilla, and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Also on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. A quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call today will be limited to one hour. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question. I'm pleased to introduce, David Simon.
David Simon: Good afternoon. I'm pleased to report our second quarter results. Second quarter funds from operation were $1.08 billion or $2.88 per share. I'll walk through some variances for this quarter compared to Q2 of 2022. Domestic and international operations had a very good quarter and contributed $0.08 of growth, primarily driven by higher rental income. Higher interest income, and other income of $0.04. Higher interest expense cost us $0.08 in the quarter-over-quarter comparison, a $0.05 lower contribution from our other platform investments and publicly held securities compared to Q2 2022. FFO from our real estate business was $2.81 per share in the second quarter compared to $2.78 per share in the prior year period and year-to-date that comparison is $5.65 per share in 2023 compared to $5.58 in 2022. Our real estate business is performing ahead of our plan and overcoming the headwinds from higher interest expense and we are also pleased with our OPI results in the quarter and continue to expect the business to meet our original 2023 guidance we provided at the beginning of the year. We believe the market value of our OPI platform is approximately $3.5 billion or roughly $10 per share. We generated $1.2 billion in free cash flow in the quarter and $2.1 billion year-to-date. Domestic property NOI increased 3.3% quarter-over-quarter and 3.6% for the first half of the year. Portfolio NOI, which includes our international properties at constant currency, grew 3.7% for the quarter and 3.8% for the first half of the year. Our mall and outlet occupancy at the end of the second quarter was 94.7%, an increase of 80 basis points compared to the prior year. The mills occupancy was 97.3% and TRG was 93.7%. Average base minimum rent for the malls and outlets was $56.27 per foot, an increase of 3.1% year-over-year. This is an all-time high for our BMR and the mills rent increased 4.3% to an all-time high of $36.02 per foot. Leasing momentum continued across our portfolio. We signed more than 1,300 leases for more than 5.0 million square feet for the quarter, and we are up to 11 million square feet year-to-date. We have 1,100 deals in our pipeline, including renewals for approximately $470 million and occupancy cost more than 30% of our total lease activity in the first half of the year was new deal volume. We continue to see strong broad-based demand from the retail community across many categories. Reported retail sales per square foot in the second quarter was $747 per foot for our malls and outlets, the mills at $677 per foot. We also hosted our second annual National Outlet Shopping Day in June was very successful for shoppers and participating retailers. We generated more than 3 million shopper visits over that weekend. Feedback has been great. We are also excited to continue to build on this annual event, and we expect it to continue to get bigger and bigger each year. Turning to the balance sheet. We completed the refinancing of nine property mortgages during the first half of the year for a total of $820 million at an average rate of 6%. Our balance sheet is strong. We have $8.8 billion of liquidity. Today, we are proud to announce our dividend of $1.90 per share for the third quarter. That's a year-over-year increase of 8.6%. The dividend will be payable on September 29. We have now paid over $40 billion in dividends since we've been public. We are increasing our full-year guidance of 2023 from $11.80 per share to $11.95 per share to $11.85 and respectively $11.95 per share. This is an increase of $0.05 at the bottom end of the range and $0.02 at the midpoint. Now, let me give you food for thought, if I may. We have built a world class portfolio over our long period of time since we've been public. Following our DeBartolo transaction in 1996, our portfolio consisted of 119 malls and 65 strip centers primarily in the Midwest. Since then, we have acquired 220 properties, developed more than 50 and disposed of approximately 250 properties. Of the original 184 properties in 1996, 37 remain in our portfolio today. So our high productive portfolio is a result of constant asset rotation. Finally, let me conclude by saying our business is performing well and is head of our internal plan. Tenant demand is excellent. Occupancy is increasing. Basement and rents are at record levels. Property NOI is growing and again, beating our internal expectations that we set at the beginning of the year. And we are now, operator, ready for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Mr. Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Sakwa: Thanks. Good afternoon, David.
David Simon: How are you doing, Steve?
Stephen Sakwa: Good. I just wanted to follow-up on your leasing comments in the pipeline. Everything sounds really good and maybe even getting better as the year unfolds. So where do you ultimately think that occupancy in kind of the mall portfolio can ultimately settle out? And are you seeing an accelerating trend in pricing power across the portfolio?
David Simon: Steve, first of all, I think will be north of 95% by year-end. And I want to be  I don't like the word pricing power so much. I think, our asset rotation that I mentioned earlier has allowed us to create kind of a portfolio that's really unrivaled in our industry. And given our strong tenant relationships, we're in a good spot to find kind of the win-win that needs to happen when you lease as much space as we do. The physical environment in terms of bricks-and-mortar sales is as important as ever. That's been reinforced by essentially every retailer and anyone that's in the e-commerce business. All look to that. I think there was obviously a long period of time where many felt, many of the [pundits] felt that bricks-and-mortar just don't matter. That's the furthest thing from the truth. So we continue to think our rollover. By and large is going to be positive. And we have the ability now with new tenant demand to replace retailers that aren't producing sales and which will allow us to generate higher rent. So I do think we're pushing up rents. I think we're doing it hopefully thoughtfully by and large and we expect that trend to continue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ms. Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, everyone. David, you gave those details on the asset rotation since 1996, so I guess that's making me wonder, and I'm guessing everybody else. Should that be a suggestion to us that you're looking to get more active in asset recycling kind of near-term, medium-term acquisitions dispositions? Or was that just more a comment on kind of the Simon historical strategy?
David Simon: Well, I would say, we've been very active, right? So I think, because of our size, it does get lost in translation that we're always recycling, always looking to improve the quality of the portfolio. So I would think our trend would continue in that sense and will always recycle assets. We find to the extent that we can do that and generate more liquidity. We find our  and not just it's every asset that we have to the extent that we think there's a good trade to do, whether it's to sell or to buy, we're going to pursue that. And I think it's been an important component of our success over time. At the same time, we've done it. As we all know, we've done it in a way where others have done it in a way to generate the quickest short-term returns through a lot of leverage. We've done it as thoughtfully in terms of maintaining the balance sheet as anyone. So that's been another key component of our ability to grow yet recycle. So I don't think I'm signaling, but maybe you have these epiphanies, so maybe it's possible, right, that there'll be some  we'll be more active on reallocating capital to different assets than we have today.
Caitlin Burrows: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey. Good afternoon down there, David. And also thank you for moving your call to avoid an overlap. Appreciated. So question, there was a recent press article and not that article, not which I'll let you opine if you want. But just talking about luxury sales, and my question is this, we all look at luxury as sort of like the ultimate, the driver of retail, if you will. But my question is really given how customer preferences have changed lifestyle, people changing how they live, sort of curious when you look at the tenant landscape. Are there any sectors that you would say are now, I guess going back to [Kaitlyn's] early 90s example. Are there any sectors now where you're like, hey, 20, 30 years ago, this sector was nowhere and now it's 20% of retail or it's the absolute must have. And I'm just sort of curious if luxury is still sort of that dominant place in retail, or if it's more nichey and it works in certain malls, but for the bulk of what really drives your cash flow to bottom line, maybe it's other sectors. I'm just trying to understand how the face of retail has changed using your analogy of over the past 30 years, what the company looked like then in the Midwest versus now?
David Simon: Yes. Look, I would say, unquestionably the  some of the best retailers in the world like Kering or an LVMH Group, have the best brands, and they do the most volume. They build the best stores. They think longer term over any retailer that we've ever experienced. They're true to their business. So we admire what they do. We admire how they build their brand. We admire how they maintained their brand. They have loyal customers. So there's no better companies to do business with that belief, and we aspire to be more like them than, than anything. And I think how they maintain their stores and how they treat their customers and how they're true to themselves. So the luxury business is here to stay. It's growing. It's really important. It's worldwide. It's a great consumer that loves physical retail, that wants to go shop and do other things at our centers. So we want to do as much business as we can with them. They're still very focused. Obviously sales have flattened a little bit compared to Q2 of 2022. But if you look at where they are and Tom and Brian, I don't know off the top of my head, Alex, but they can  we're 20%, 30%, 40% above where we were in 2019. But I don't remember the exact number. But they can give it to you later. So one of the interesting things is LVMH Group, and really if you look at our 8-K, they're now our  in our top 10 tenants. We couldn't be more proud of that relationship and the brands that they have. So this is not a niche business. This is a growing business. It's for exactly the affluent shopper, the established shopper, but also the affluent shopper. And the fact that we do so much business with them is something that we're extremely proud of. And we will  I don't like the word lean in, but we will do as much as we can to continue to foster those relationships. And that is a huge differentiating point that we have at Simon Property Group. So it's all systems go there. Yes, sales will flatten, they'll go up, they'll go down, but their commitment to their customer and what they do in the stores, I think goes unabated. And they really  I admire the fact that they take  they're not a quarter-to-quarter company, they take a much longer view of their brand and where they want to plant their flag and how they want to treat their customers. So they are true partners and great generally across the board. We love doing business with them. And it's not a niche. And that business is growing, it's growing worldwide. And in fact, if anything, we'd like to follow kind of where they're headed because we think there's great business to do together. I hear you typing. Is that  another question?
Alexander Goldfarb: Sorry. No, I think Tom said and Federal is right after you guys, so I thought my mic was already cut, so I didn't know you could
David Simon: We're kidding. We're only kidding. We'll talk to you later. Thanks, Alex.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good afternoon. Could you discuss the [current thread] between leased and physical occupancy? And then kind of the cadence in what visibility your store openings for leases that have been executed, but are not yet open?
Brian McDade: So this is Brian. We are still hovering right around 200 basis points of unopened. That ebbs and flows as you might imagine every month given the velocity of our business. We do think we're going to carry that through year end. And certainly, we do expect that we are going to continue to see openings throughout the balance of the year, as retailers open later this month and into September and October.
David Simon: And I would say, just on follow-up on that, Vince, is that, a lot of the business that we have signed leases on and/or about to be signed is still  and I don't  I mean, we can give you the exact number. I don't have it again at the top of my tongue, but  at the tip of my tongue. But there is a lot of the business that we've signed or about to be signed is really 2024 and even 2025 business. And especially, when we're in the  we're talking the restaurant business, you're talking nine months build out, you're talking permits that are required to get  it's a little more complicated getting restaurant permits, liquor license, et cetera. We've got some great restaurants going into Forum, Crystal, Stanford, Boca, but you're literally talking about a year to get permitted, get opened. To some extent some of this was delayed also with just equipment because of the COVID and the  all of the supply chain issues associated with it. So  and again, when you're talking about our full price business, build outs are longer than the outlet or the mills business. So the pipe on that sense is pretty good, which is not in these numbers. But we also on that front have boxes that are scheduled to open in 2024, 2025. That is obviously serious long time, a year plus build out. A lot of business with Dick's, Primark, Life Time Fitness, et cetera that even Barnes is doing new deals. We're building a new store with Kohl's. Stuff that just takes time  and hours to shields, et cetera, even though they just recently opened in Wichita to a great opening, which is one of our 37, by the way, just for a fun fact. So the build out is frustrating in that, it does take time, but it's  so we still expect some really interesting things to happen in 2024, 2025 as these tenants open. And remember in a lot of cases, the more interesting the retailer, the longer the build out there is a correlation there.
Vince Tibone: Yes. That makes sense. That's all really helpful color. I appreciate that. My next question, I was hoping you could discuss how demand today [differ by] retail format and geography. I'd be curious to hear anything between malls and outlets and also between gateway markets and suburban centers.
David Simon: Simply, I thought, as I go back in time, I think the  and I'm trying to go through COVID. I think the demand in the outlet business has picked up more. It was slower to pick up than the mall business, and I think it's finally picked up to kind of where the mall business has been. So I think demand from a product type is kind of even now, and that's not to say malls have slowed down, the outlet took a little bit longer to pick back up. Mills was somewhat unabated in that. And as you know, it's a combination of any and all. Regionally, by and large, the super regional suburban sites have a high level of interest across the board. We don't have a lot of city center stuff. So it's  we're not the right guy to ask. But I am happy that our portfolio is positioned in the high catchment areas in the suburbs. And then finally, regionally, as you might imagine, where you're seeing population growth, Texas, Tennessee, Florida, those kind of places are seeing a little bit more of the outsized demand. But again, in real estate, you could still have the best location in kind of a micro environment that does unbelievably well because it still is the center of attention. So you got to be careful on these geographic trends one way or another. It really is, as we all know. Real estate is very location oriented. But I would say those are just kind of generic trends hasn't changed all that much. But the suburbs continue to be as we said a few years ago, well ahead of most. We still felt like that was the place to be, and we're happy to see that. Not that we make a lot of predictions, but we're happy to see that prediction. At least one of them came true.
Vince Tibone: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Just one quick one. Just thinking about the growth function of the business. You talk about getting to 95% occupancy by the end of the year. Obviously, that annualizes in 2024. So when I think about the occupancy boost, the rent bumps, re-leasing spreads, it doesn't seem like a stretch to get to a 3% plus number next year in growth. So I'm trying to understand what are some of the moving pieces we should be thinking about as we're building out the growth function of the business in 2024?
David Simon: Well, I think it's all of the likely suspects. It's lease-up, it's renewal spreads, it's new business, Obviously, it's overage or percent sales and sales activity. So there's nothing new there. I mean it's all the stuff that has allowed us to grow our comp NOI over a long period of time through a lot of volatility, COVID  real estate recessions, e-commerce, proliferation of this, that and the other. So it's all of those likely suspects. I mean I think we feel generally positive about our ability to grow comp NOI. But it's all the likely suspects and it's all the same metrics that we have to produce to generate that. And we still have the ability, even as we get up to 95%, thereabouts, we still have the ability to  which we can't lose sight of, we have the ability to replace retailers with better ones that will just common sense, we'll be able to pay higher rent because they'll be more productive. It's really that simple. So  but Ron, it's all the same stuff. And we're focused on hitting all of those cylinders certainly to finish this year, but also in 2024, 2025. And the added benefit that we have in 2024, 2025 is that we've got a lot in the pipeline that will finally open.
Ronald Kamdem: Helpful. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks. Hey, good afternoon, guys. I had  unfortunately, I have to limit it to one. So I won't focus on the less important OPI stuff. But maybe if you can talk a little bit more about the 200 basis points of sign-on open. Presumably, that's higher in your mall portfolio than your outlets? And maybe if you could also quantify in terms of dollar amount or NOI impact, I know that a lot of those leases in that. So there's a lot of luxury tenants, which typically pay significantly higher rents. So presumably, it has a greater impact on your NOI and ABR than your  than the percentage just in terms of occupancy?
David Simon: Look, we don't want to get into that level of detail. We certainly will for 2024 as we outlined what our comp NOI growth is. But you're 100% right that the  it is much easier and quicker to open an outlet store. The build-out can be anywhere between 30 and 90 days. And the mall generally can be six months plus. And then when you get to complicated tenants or where the build-out is expensive. You're talking nine months plus restaurants in that area. But we do  and it goes back to, I think, Floris, you were one of the original analyst that was very focused on when we're going to get back to 2019 levels. And I'm happy to say that we will be back. We better be back, okay, but we will be back in there in 2024. And a lot of that really at the end of this year, we annualize it, so it really is a function of getting those retailers open. But the specific numbers, I mean, I'll  if the guys want to talk offline and go through it, I'm certainly happy to do that. But that's  I think it's better answered as we go through 2024 our comp NOI plan with you early next year.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Good afternoon. A follow-up question, David, on your comment on potentially allocating to money or investments into other assets. I mean, you've been doing that really since world financial crisis, investing in the best properties. You've been densifying assets with apartments, et cetera. Is there anything else that you're thinking of changing that you've noticed a change, let's say, between the difference in the assets you own or what you're seeing out in the retail landscape? Or really sticking with those programs as well?
David Simon: I think, Jeff, we're going to more or less stick to our programs, but what we've done historically, I think it's been the right strategy. We'll nick and neck, I mean, we've had good experience by and large, not perfect, but good experience experimenting here and there. But our core business is high-quality retail real estate. We're not moving away from that by any stretch of the imagination. We have lots of levers in that category to pull in terms of how we want to allocate capital. Do we want to put more here versus there, do we want to sell this and reinvest that. So I think that  if I had the ability to express it, we think about that all of the time. We never really talk about it. But as we  the sole purpose of going through that asset rotation was to tell you that we do think about this stuff all the time. And beyond just think about it, we actually do stuff about it. So  and sometimes communicating that to investors and analysts is important to know that we're going to reallocate capital where we think the growth is, and we're not afraid to sell or buy or hold or whatever kind of we think is the right thing to do. So that's really it. I wouldn't make  this is not like  we're not trying to like here we go, something is big around the corner. It's just  we've done this, and we just wanted to point it out.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Mueller: Yes. Hi. Can you give us a sense as to how rent spreads compare when you move from the mall and outlet portfolio to TRG to the mills?
David Simon: Well, I don't want to really talk about TRG so much, but I would say the spreads are  when you look at mills, outlets and malls, it's all pretty decent. We still see  our occupancy cost now is around 12%, right? So we're feeling better about our ability to generate positive rent spreads. It's not always going to happen on every space in every mall or outlet, but we're seeing it pretty much across the board. And as again, I would say to you from what might shift is where I thought our outlet business was a little slower coming out of COVID. We're seeing a much better pickup over the last year or so there. And so we're optimistic that, that's going to continue as well.
Michael Mueller: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. In your opening remarks, you talked about the deals in the pipeline and that 30% of lease activity in the first half was new deal volume. How does that compare to the past? And what does this indicate? Does this indicate that there is greater interest for new concepts to  that are interested in leasing or is there some other meaning behind this data point that you provided? Thank you.
David Simon: I just think it  most importantly, it reinforces the importance of our product and it reinforces how retailers feel about our  the mall and the outlet business. So it's a great sign. I mean it's a great sign that we have new concepts. And I would say, generally, the 30% has really developed over the last, say, two months and whether it's direct-to-consumer, whether it's the luxury, whether it's a restaurant business, whether it's entertainment, we're seeing entertainment pickup like we did pre-COVID. So I think it's a testament to the product, the new retailers that want to open new stores in our existing product is a great sign and a great testament. And that level is certainly much higher than I've seen since I mean, it goes  I'm going to say, almost seven, eight years because the 2020  I'm sorry, in 2019, we probably didn't have that level of percentage of new tenants. So it's clearly higher than it was in the 2019, 2018, 2017 level, and it kind of goes back to where we were in the 2014, 2015, 2016 level. So it's a good sign for sure.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Good afternoon. Two-part question. One, it looks like there's a $0.10 or $0.11 gain in the P&L. Just curious if you could talk a little bit about what that is and if that was assumed in the guidance the prior guidance? And then secondly, if you have any comments on the prior quarter's comments on domestic property NOI of at least 3%. Thank you.
David Simon: No, no, no, I know that. But the two  what did you say 2%?
Juan Sanabria: 3%.
David Simon: 3%, let me start there. So yes, we're feeling very comfortable that we'll be above the 3%. The after-tax gain is associated with the ABG raising of primary capital, which we get diluted down. So it's a  we have a dilution gain after tax, it was $0.07.
Brian McDade: Yes, there's $0.03 of tax in the tax line, Michael, for that transaction.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And that wasn't in the prior guidance, I'm assuming, correct?
David Simon: Well, we didn't  I don't  we give a pretty big range and really wasn't in our guidance so much to speak because that's really out of our control.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Greg McGinniss: Hey. Good afternoon. So quick two-parter on Taubman from me. NOI was down 3% from last quarter, while occupancy was up 40 basis points. Just curious what the drivers were of that decline. And then in line with your comments on asset recycling, can you remind us the process by which you would recapture the remaining 20% of that investment and whether you're planning to do so? Or maybe that's one of the assets that you might be looking to recycle?
David Simon: Well, I'm not going to comment on that. So there are puts and calls associated with Taubman over basically a five-year period. They have the right to kind of slowly put 20% of their interest to us, and then we eventually have a call associated with it. So that's that. And Brian, why don't you go through the  it really was more of a function of kind of the percent rent or overage rent that they had in Q2 of last year. But you can  do you have any other comment on it.
Brian McDade: Yes, Greg, that's exactly what it was. You can see on a year-to-date basis, we're still ahead, but they did have a higher percent of rent contribution in Q2 of last year than they did this year.
David Simon: The other thing on Taubman, if you on TRG, so our FFO contribution this quarter versus last quarter is lower, and it's primarily three things. Number one is, we've got D&O insurance reimbursement in Q2 of 2022. That's number one. Number two is we also had a land sale. And then obviously, number three is the higher interest expense. So there are a little more exposure to floating rate debt there. And I think the spread difference between our FFO contribution from TRG to Q2 of 2022 over 2023 was  how many cents? $0.07, something like this?
Brian McDade: $0.07.
David Simon: $0.07, okay? So I still remember numbers. So if you go through  so our FFO contribution from Taubman TRG where we own 80% was $0.07 lower this quarter than Q2 of last quarter of 2022, okay? So that might be helpful to you. Those are the order of magnitude, if there's any details on that call Tom or Brian. But that's generally it. So we had a lower contribution. Is that the right number, Adam?
Adam Reuille: Yes.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you. That's the right number. So there's really not much to ask.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey. Good evening out there. David, can you talk about
David Simon: To be technical, we're really not out there. We're actually in New York City today. So I know Indiana is considered out there, which I will not comment on, but we're actually right here. I don't know where you are, but we're right here in New York City.
Haendel St. Juste: I'm not too far from you. So can you talk about the outlook for retail sales in the back half of the year given the macro and the expiration of the student loan payments and what you think that will do or impact that will have on the business. And maybe some commentary also on year-to-date debt how that's trending and early thoughts on potential improvement on that line item in 2024? Thanks.
David Simon: Yes. I would say we're actually optimistic on the back half of this year because comps or sales, I should say, in the second half of 2022 really started to decelerate because of the  obviously, the increase in interest rates, gas prices, inflation. So I think across the board, our comps get easier for our retailers in the second half  so we're actually optimistic. And I think generally, the economy, as we all know, is seems to relatively stable. Obviously, it's a very uncertain world. So anything can happen. But we're actually optimistic on sales for the second half, and we expect it to comp up on  with respect to bad debt, we're not seeing  I mean it continues to be lean and mean  and it's a little more than maybe last year, but it's like  it's still comparatively historical lows.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. In terms of 3% NOI growth, is that the level you think you could sustain next year?
David Simon: I would hope so, yes.
Linda Tsai: Any color around that?
David Simon: Not one of my qualities, but that was the most succinct answer that all day. Do you have another question, Linda?
Linda Tsai: Sure. I guess on Page 19, you also broke out mixed-use in franchise operations income and also the same line item for expense. Maybe just a little more color?
David Simon: Yes. I think Brian and Tom felt because we're doing  and these are only consolidated assets, so we have a  we have a big franchise operation with Starbucks in terms of our  where we franchise some Starbucks location plus, obviously, we're building hotels. And the  and it was all lumped into the other income, other expense, and we thought instead of having all the questions on why is this number growing and this number growing? We kind of  we just felt like it would be better to separate it. For your  believe it or not, for your benefit.
Linda Tsai: And then how do we model that going forward?
David Simon: Look, I think the hotel business is pretty straightforward in that we're building it. We have certain returns. And I think we pretty much outlined our returns in our 8-K. So I think that's pretty. Obviously, it takes time for apartments or hotels or any mixed use to stabilize. But I think that will be pretty easily. At the end of the day, the Starbucks business is not over  it's not even material. So there is some profit embedded in there, but it's  we view it more as an amenity that we can make some margin on. And it's grown a little bit bigger than what it was historically because we took over some of the operations during COVID. And so that's not an overly material number and we can kind of give you order of magnitude of revenue and expense. The only problem this year really some of these just came on board. So I'd say to you in 2024 will be the kind of the first full-year, and that will probably be  we can certainly outline what it is. But the net profit is not overly important. Does that's help?
Linda Tsai: Yes. Thanks.
David Simon: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Mailman: Good afternoon. David, just a quick clarification on one of the earlier questions about the $0.07 net gain. You guys raised guidance here by $0.05 at the midpoint. Could you just run through if there are any other puts and takes that moved around with guidance this quarter or maybe this wasn't the sole driver, but maybe something operational, and this could have offset something else? Just trying to get a sense that was this the reason guidance went up and had this not happened, you guys would have ended up kind of lowering the range here on the margin?
David Simon: No. I mean I think we're always pretty conservative. So we'll see how the  we're always trying to beat and improve our numbers. I think we have as good a history of anybody to do that. And again, we always  I know that might frustrate folks, but there's always puts and takes in a company our size. I mean we have $80 billion of assets. We're not a small strip center company that's got  there's going to be some volatility. We've got a $3.5 billion asset portfolio. But so far, this year has thrown off zero earnings, FFO essentially, it's mostly back-half  back-end weighted. Again, we have $3.5 billion of value market doesn't value. It's not in our earnings. I think the number to look at is our  the number we gave you, which is our kind of FFO real estate earnings. That was at 281, if I remember that was hurt by $0.08 of rising interest rates. That's 289. I think we give you comp NOI, you're going to have some volatility because of OPI. I think OPI is really simple. $3.5 billion, it's going to make $0.50, $0.60. And it's on our books for a lot less  and again, in terms of investments and monetization and everything else associated with that, we're always going to do the right thing. So that's really it. I think obviously, overage rent has stabilized. So it's a little more conservative. We want to make sure we're conservative as we look at the year. If sales do grow on the back-end weighted that we think will be our overage number, which we mean we'll beat our guidance. But we don't have a crystal ball, but we've been  we've raised our guidance from the beginning of the year. That's the important thing. We've had headwinds with that rising rates went up higher than we thought  is probably the biggest headwind. And then second, the OPI's side has been more back-end weighted than we originally anticipated. And that's simple as that. The other thing to remember is  so ABG just raised money at basically a $20 billion enterprise value because of their growth, we got  we own 12% of the company. We got zero funds from operation contribution from them because of all of their onetime charges. We had the same situation in Penney, and that's why we are giving you this real estate FFO number, put a multiple on it. It's too low. Whatever multiple you think it is, I would add a couple of 100 basis points. It's too low then add $10 a share, and that's our NAV and then enjoy the rest of the summer. That's how I would think about it. Are you still there?
Craig Mailman: I am. Thanks, David.
David Simon: Okay. You buy that argument?
Craig Mailman: We need to talk about.
David Simon: All right. Thank you for listening. Okay. So I think we're out of questions, and I owe it to Don Wood. Now I want to tell you a story, okay? So we  Don initially stole our 5:00 oclock time period  so we were not very happy and we said we'll do it together. And then I said, you know what, we're we loved Don, we want to be friendly. So not only did we move our time, but we gave Don the option of whether he wanted to do 4:30 or 5:30 and he chose 5:30. So if you don't like our time or you don't like his time, blame Don, but I'll hand it over to Don. I feel like Ed McMahon and Don is Johnny Carson. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-02 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Simon's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to your host, Mr. Tom Ward, the SVP of Investor Relations. Thank you, and you may proceed, sir.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Claudia, and thank you for joining us this evening. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Also on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. A quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call this evening will be limited to one hour. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question. I'm pleased to introduce, David Simon.
David Simon: Thank you. Good afternoon. And I'm pleased to report our first quarter results. We are off to a good start with results that exceeded our plan. First quarter funds from operation were $1.03 billion or $2.74 per share. Let me walk through some variances for this quarter compared to Q1 of 2022. Domestic operations had a very good quarter and contributed $0.15 of growth, primarily driven by higher rental income. Our international operations also performed well and contributed $0.02 of growth. These positive contributions were partially offset by declines from the headwind from a strong U.S. dollar of $0.02, higher interest rate expense of $0.05, lower lease settlement income of $0.06 compared to Q1 of 2022, and we had a mark-to-market gain on publicly-held securities of $0.06 for the quarter, and a $0.13 lower contribution from our other platform investments compared to Q1 2022. Let me walk you through some of that and remind everyone that for OPI results, we are generally on our plan. Please keep in mind OPI was up against very tough comparisons from last year's Q1. This quarter also includes one-time transaction cost from ABG's recent acquisition activity, JCPenney's deployment of their new beauty initiative, and investments related to physical stores, IT, and one-time reorganization expenses, all flowing through our FFO number. The retailer part of our OPI investments has seasonality associated with it generally with losses in the first quarter and the majority of our profit in the fourth quarter and should be modeled accordingly. Overall, we continued to expect OPI to meet our 2023 guidance we provided at the beginning of the year, which is similar -- which will be a similar FFO contribution that was compared to 2022. Now, domestic property NOI increased 4% year-over-year for the quarter. Portfolio NOI, which includes our international properties at constant currency grew 3.9% for the quarter. Our mills, malls, and outlets occupancy at the end of the first quarter was 94.4%, an increase of 110 basis points compared to the prior year. Mills was 97.3%, and TRG was 93.3%. Importantly, average base minimum rent was $55.84 per square foot, an increase of 3.1% year-over-year. Leasing momentum continued across the portfolio. We signed more than 1,200 leases for more than 5.9 million square feet in the quarter. We have an additional 1,500 deals in our pipeline, including renewals for approximately $570 million in gross occupancy cost. More than 25% of our leasing activity in the first quarter was new deal volume. We're seeing strong broad-based demand from the retail community, including continued strength for many categories. By the end of the second quarter, we expect to be approximately 75% complete with our 2023 expiration. Retail sales momentum continued. Reported retail sales per square foot reached another record in the first quarter at $759 per square foot for malls and premium outlets combined, an increase of 3.3%. All platforms achieved record sales level, including the mills at $683 a foot, a 2.2%, and TRG was $1,100 per square foot, a 6% increase. Good news is, tourism is returning with our tourist-oriented centers outperforming the portfolio average in terms of sales. Our occupancy cost at the end of the first quarter was 12%. We opened our West Paris Designer Outlet in Normandy, France last week, our 35th international outlet center. During the quarter, construction restarted on our upscale outlet center in Tulsa, Oklahoma, which will now open in the fall of 2024. We have several densification projects under construction and a pipeline of identified projects that includes approximately 2,000 residential units and hotel rooms. Now, turning to the balance sheet. We completed a dual-tranche U.S. senior notes offering that totaled $1.3 billion at a combined average term of 20 years at an average coupon of 5.67%. We closed on our new $5 billion multi-currency revolving credit facility with a maturity in 2028. Importantly, the pricing is unchanged from our prior facility. The traditional secured mortgage markets continued to support the refinancing of our assets across geographies and property types. Our A-rated balance sheet is as strong as ever. We ended the quarter with $9.3 billion of liquidity. Today, we announced our dividend of $1.85 per share for the second quarter, a year-over-year increase of 9%. The dividend is payable on June 30 of this quarter. Guidance for this quarter -- given the results of this quarter and our current view of the remainder of the year, we are increasing our full year 2023 guidance range from $11.70 to $11.95 per share to $11.80 to $11.95 per share compared to last year of $11.87. This is an increase of $0.10 at the bottom end of the range and $0.05 at the midpoint, excuse me. And I'm pleased with our first quarter results. Tenant demand is excellent, and brick-and-mortar stores are where shoppers want to be. And even with the economic uncertainty, we are running ahead of our internal plan. Excuse me, here. I have some kind of a frog in my throat, but we're ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question, Caitlin.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good evening, everyone. Maybe regarding upcoming lease maturities and what that means for potential cash flow changes going forward, the ABR for '23 maturities is around $62 versus the portfolio overall at $56. So, would you think it's fair to say that the rest of the '23 maturities may face a headwind on renewal, but then the '24 maturities, which are 12% of rents and have an ABR of $54, have significant opportunity? I'm guessing it's not that straightforward. So, wondering if you could discuss that rent maturity and mark-to-market outlook.
David Simon: Yeah. Thank you, Caitlin, for the question. One of the numbers I threw out there while I was coughing during my presentation was, our renewals and new leases will add $570 million of basically gross rental income. In that is included some renewals, which is the roll-off of the numbers that you quoted. We are renewing above our overall -- above our expiring rents. So, even with that said, we expect to continue to have positive rental spreads even with the higher number for the balance of this year and certainly in '24. So, the outlook on that front is very positive and unchanged since our commentary at the -- certainly at the beginning of this year and fourth quarter of last year as well.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks, good evening, David.
David Simon: How are you, Steve?
Steve Sakwa: Good. I was wondering if you could just maybe shed a little more light on the leasing demand that you're seeing. Is there anything that you could discuss with us on kind of price point either luxury versus more moderate tenants, anything by region, anything by product type, whether it's the mills, the outlets, or the traditional malls? Just looking for a little color given what we're going through and kind of what your tenants are telling you. Just kind of curious where the strongest demand is and maybe to the extent that there are any weak spots, what would you call out?
David Simon: Well, I mean, I know this is kind of in the face of a lot of economic uncertainty, but demand really has not changed one iota. Now, let's talk about the luxuries side. Clearly, they're running up against tough comps compared to Q1 of last year. But those brands and those companies think long-term. And I mean, the best example is, if we were at the opening of Tiffany store in -- on 57th Street, you have to take a long-term view when you open stores like that. And all of those brands whether LVMH Group, Kering, Richemont, et cetera, they're looking at '23, '24, '25, we're -- making commitments. Nothing there is really abated. So all systems go on that front, even though they are running up against tough comps compared to Q1. You look at the restaurant category, very strong demand, lots of new deals across lots of price points from P.F. Chang's, Cheesecake Factory to some of the chef-driven brands. So, all systems go there. You've got the box demand. Lots of new business with Dick's, Life Time Fitness, the best of the best [shields] (ph). Department store demand by [indiscernible] is happening. Then you look at the athleisure, Vuori, ALO, Lululemon, Brooks Brothers, all of that pretty much across the board, we're seeing new stores. So, I said this at the end of last year, early this year, even with -- even though comps are going to be tougher this year in terms of sales compared to last year, the demand on leasing really has not changed. We're seeing the entertainment concepts come back, theatre business is positive. So, we feel it's -- we're feeling very good. Obviously, we're cautious. We don't expect sales like they were over '21 and '22, and we planned accordingly. But demand, we check every day and there's certainly a couple here or there that slowed down, but nothing really noteworthy. VF, North Face, Timberland, Cotton On, they're all growing and it's all pretty healthy.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ronald Kamdem from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question, Ronald.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Thanks. I remember last quarter we talked about domestic property NOI growth of at least 2%. You're thinking about looking at 1Q already at 4%, just maybe can you give us an update how you're thinking about that number for the rest of the year? And looking at the guidance raise, how much is that property -- core property NOI versus maybe other factors? Thanks.
David Simon: Sure. Yeah, we're going to be 2%. And I would hope we would do at least 3% plus. I mean, there is some -- it's very interesting, the first six months from the retail point-of-view, comps will be tough. But we think the second half for the retailers will be more positive, lots of economic uncertainty out there with the big macro things. But assuming sales come in the way we initially budgeted, we should be hopefully at least 3%. If we have an uptick in sales, we'll do better.
Ronald Kamdem: Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb from Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question, Alexander.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thanks, and good evening, David.
David Simon: How are you?
Alexander Goldfarb: So -- I'm doing well. So, first, thank you for all the detail on the retailer platform and the emphasis on the seasonality, that's helpful. My question is bigger. You guys seem to have a lot of positive trends with the redevelopment program coming back, retailer demand healthy, obviously, some of your competitors are having trouble on the capital side, it strengthens your portfolio. So, my question is, as you look over the next few years to invest incremental capital, is your focus still on the best returns are internal in your existing malls and adding more densification? Or are you starting to see some external opportunities where it may make sense to use capital? And whether that's domestically or abroad? Sort of curious.
David Simon: Yeah, I don't see -- let me do it in pieces with no particular order. I do see -- I still do feel strongly that the best use of our capital is making our existing portfolio better and better. I think that we have spent $8-plus billion over the last several years upgrading the portfolio and doing new development. So, we continue to see that as our best use. I don't see -- and as I mentioned in the call, I mean, we have a residential pipeline that looks really attractive in hotels that are generating really good accretive values of around 2,000 units. Now, that's not going to happen overnight, but that's going to happen over the next few years. So that for us is a real opportunity. I don't see much of our external capital doing any kind of acquisition opportunities internationally. I still think we'll grow our International Asia outlet portfolio with redevelopment and new development over time, essentially, recycling the capital, the cash flow that we have there and accretive new development. And where we -- we're looking at everything domestically here and nothing really has -- I think, I could say this wet our whistle here to make us -- I can say that, right? Okay, so nothing here that would...
Alexander Goldfarb: You said it.
David Simon: Yeah. I said it, true, good point. Nothing here that would really like we're not jumping up and down to do external transaction. So it's mostly the same stuff that we've been doing and just keep plugging away on that. And look, I do think we have to respect the capital markets. The capital markets are telling all companies to be more prudent, to do more accretive investments, and we are listening very closely to that.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Vince Tibone from Green Street. Please proceed with your question, Vince.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good afternoon. I wanted to follow up on your comment regarding the 2,000 residential and hotel units in the upcoming pipeline. Just curious how quickly you could start these projects, how much spend this could potentially represent, and this is something that you're going to maybe do through joint ventures or will be wholly-owned on the balance sheet? Kind of any color on some of these points would be helpful.
David Simon: Sure. All right. So, I think we will do selective JVs on certain of the residential development. So, that's -- and it may -- it also may be that we could potentially bring in third-party equity too. So that would -- we'll look at each deal individually, but that's certainly a possibility. And then I think, Vince, essentially, we're looking at to reach all those 2,000 units. It's really probably a five-year build process. We expect to start several this year. But yet, we're, frankly, being a little bit cautious. We're still permitting some things in California and the Northwest. So, we don't -- we're going to just see how the world is, but we don't have to make a decision yet. And I would think, at the end of the day -- rather Brian give you more scientific number, because a lot of these are part of redevelopments too, and so to really isolate the hotel apartment or rental stuff, I'd want to give you a number, but I -- my instinct would be probably about $1.5 billion. But I think Brian can give you more detailed number, but somewhere in that range. And these go from Austin, Texas to Orange County, California to Seattle, some hotels in Florida, some residential in Florida, multifamily. So it's kind of where you'd expect it to be where supply and demand is in our favor. But we're considering building a hotel in Cape Cod, because we think there's a good supply-demand imbalance there. So, it really is across. And every, I'd say generally as we get back real estate through our redevelopment efforts, the big focus is on where we can add some mixed uses, because we do think like what we did in Buckhead is having a tremendous impact on the overall value of that real estate. So, not only does -- is it accretive from a value point of view just on the cost to the return on the build versus what's the value of that is after it's built, but also the residual benefits that we see from them all.
Vince Tibone: Got it. No, that's all super helpful. And then, somewhat related follow-up question. Just curious if you could share any updates on the Carson outlet project, and if you think you'd be moving forward there in the near term?
David Simon: That's a complicated one. We are -- that's a complicated one, but we're -- every day, we make progress. So, it's terrific real estate, very complicated transaction, but we continued to make progress. But no final decision has been made to do it. But I expect one to be made over the next few months.
Vince Tibone: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Craig Mailman from Citi. Please proceed with your question, Craig.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. It's actually Nick Joseph on here with Craig. David, just on executive comp and the $24 million one-time cash bonus related to OPI, I know at least one of the proxy analysis firms has raised some concerns on it. So, I was hoping if you could give some more color on both -- rationale behind it in terms of the amount and the structure of it ahead of the vote later this week?
David Simon: Yeah, look, I think this was essentially paid '23, '24 executives last February, so about 15 months ago, fully disclosed in an 8-K. Our rationale and reasoning by the comp committee was fully disclosed in our filed proxy as well as supplemental lever to our shareholders. I think if you look at the company in totality, which is important -- I mean, we can always take a moment in time to say why this, why that, but if you look at the history of the company, you look at the executive comp, you look at our stock program, you look at our burn rate, you look at our G&A as a function of our NOI or asset value, we are at the lowest of the low. Anybody can pick up one particular number they don't like. But if you look at it in totality, we are absolutely proud of how we run this business. If you want to get more detail, I encourage you to talk to Head of our Comp Committee or Lead Independent Director, any shareholder can do that. But I would encourage everyone to look at the totality of our history and then come to whatever conclusion they think. And we're very happy to talk to anybody that would like to go through it from a shareholder point of view.
Nick Joseph: Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Greg McGinnis from Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question, Greg.
Greg McGinnis: Hey, good evening, David. I just want to make sure that I understand that $570 million gross rental income number that you mentioned. Is that new and renewal leases? Is it on a pro-rata basis inclusive of international and TRG? How much of that, I guess, is incremental to in-place rents? Or is all of it? And then what's the timeframe [indiscernible] contributing?
David Simon: All terrific questions. And we highlighted that just to give you a sense of the scope of the business that's going on here. So that's a huge number. That's just one lease -- one level of activity in a year and it's bigger than some companies that exist today. So, let me try to unpack it. It does include renewals. It's just SPG. It's just domestic. And if you look at the renewals in the new business, there is a really good uptick from kind of the in-place income on that. And that will come in not really this year, but over '24 and '25 as those stores get opened. And I think it just adds a sense of our future growth that we see in front of us from our existing portfolio. But I'm not in a position to break it up between renewals and new incremental business. But you'll see that flow through the NOI in the upcoming quarters.
Greg McGinnis: Okay. So, it is both though, because you mentioned $100 million of new income last quarter of new NOI.
David Simon: Correct. Yeah, it includes both, correct.
Greg McGinnis: Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Derek Johnston from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question, Derek.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everyone. Good afternoon. Occupancy is now at 94.4% and that's just 70 bps below pre-pandemic levels. Do you expect to surpass 4Q '19's 95.1% occupancy this year? And given the leasing demand we've discussed, how is the team weighing occupancy versus rates now that the gap is so narrow?
David Simon: Well, let me take that part first. I do think -- the good news is that when we're -- and again every lease is different, every relationship is different, rollovers -- some rollovers go down. But I would say, generally speaking, we are finally seeing renewals that are overall above the expiry rents. So that -- and part of that is just supply-demand is in our favor and we are getting -- because one is, I think, from the retailers' point of view, there is a real appreciation for bricks-and-mortar, one. Two is they know we're a landlord that they can rely on and that we're going to do the right thing to maintain and reinvest in these properties and we have the capability of doing so. And generally, it's more demand that we're seeing, and the retailers are in -- having survived COVID are in better shape and want to grow their business. So that is all happening. And getting into your first point, will we beat it this year? It will be close. I'm not -- I can't guarantee it, but I am hopeful that we will beat that number, in the not -- certainly within the next 12 months, assuming we can continue to maintain reasonably decent economic conditions.
Derek Johnston: All right. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Floris van Dijkum from Compass Point. Please proceed with your question, Floris.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks. Good evening, guys. David, so maybe, if you can give us a little bit more of an update, I know, in the past you've talked about your signed non-open pipeline being around 200 basis points. Your leased occupancy just increased by 110 basis points. Is that SNO pipeline relatively similar? And then maybe, I mean, the -- if I look at the base rent going up by 3.1% approximately and if you get about 10% of your space back, I mean, it assumes pretty healthy re-leasing spreads, if my math is correct. I mean, how should we be thinking? Clearly, it appears that leasing spreads are accelerating in your core business.
David Simon: I think that's a fair statement. And I would say that the pipeline is similar to what it's been. Right, Brian?
Brian McDade: Yeah. Floris, we're still hanging right around 200 basis points at this point in the year.
David Simon: So, I do think as we've been saying over the last few couple of quarters, I mean, we have finally turned the corner on lease spreads, demand, better properties, more commitments from retailers, more -- and more retailers wanting to open stores, all driving pretty good demand, which allows us to get to spreads that we're accustomed to. But we were flat-lining pre-COVID. Obviously, we got hurt during COVID and we've bounced back nicely. So from that standpoint, it's good to see.
Floris van Dijkum: And if I can maybe follow up, David, on Jamestown, and you mentioned external capital. How are you thinking about -- how is the Jamestown acquisition embedding in? And is that potentially a source of external capital that you can bring into some of that -- the apartment or hotel investments, and/or how are the synergies between those two businesses working out, in particular, I'm thinking like Atlanta with the street retail right near your two fortress malls?
David Simon: Yeah. Look, to separate, just to be clear. So, we bought into the asset management business and we bought -- we partnered with Jamestown for a couple of -- several reasons, but a couple to highlight here. One is, they're really good asset managers. Two is, they have a development capability that's very interesting to us. And they have excellent institutional relationships. And we think with our partnership, we can grow that business. We did not -- other than -- there is a big future development -- master plan development that they're working on in Charleston where we did partner with them directly. We did not buy any of their existing real estate that's owned by the various funds, whether it's the German funds or the premier fund. Jamestown is in the process of raising their 32nd German fund. They have a lot of separate account interest. It's really good for us, because we get to learn those institutional investors better and more. And I just think we're early days there, but I think the thesis that we had going in, continues to be very, very valid. This is a long-term relationship that I think will grow. Eventually, I see us partnering with institutional money that will be managed by Jamestown that will partner with us to build XYZ or buy XYZ or build a big community in Charleston -- North Charleston. So, yeah, I think all of the elements of potential growth with Jamestown are out there. We do like the asset management business as a platform. We dipped our toe into it. But I think, again, just as we look at the landscape for real estate owners and managers, we think -- when we look at Blackstone, when we looked at our Brookfield, obviously, they own, they asset image for us to have some scale or some role in that business, I think ultimately we will annur to the benefit of the Simon Property Group. And that's what we're after.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks, David.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Schmidt from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question, Craig.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. Given the seasonality of the OPI business, which quarter do you expect that number to turn positive?
David Simon: I think it will be -- no, Craig, you know about retailers. So just to reinforce the retail part of the OPI, remember, the vast majority of the OPI value is in our ABG stock, but we still have a very profitable business with both Penny and SPARC, and then other investments that are in that including RGG and so on. So, just important to put it in context. So the retail part, the pure retailer part, Penny and SPARC, is seasonal. Last quarter, Q1 of '22 was just stimulus whatever was really tough comparison for the retail -- retailer part of OPI. With that said, it will -- we expect it to be profitable in Q2 and Q3. And -- but the vast -- the majority of -- the vast majority of it will be Q4, like all the other retailers. So, when you see retailers report this quarter that are public, I think generally, they'll probably all have tough comps against Q1 of last year. Yes, the comps get a lot easier. This is a lot more information for a business that's -- we have no cash investment remember, and it does create a little volatility of our earnings for better or worse. In this case, this quarter, it's worse, fourth quarter will be much better, does create a little volatility. But it will -- you'll see it map out -- part of that OPI map out just like other retailers where the loss will be in Q1, profitability Q2 and three and then 70% -- 65%, 70% in Q4.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question, Juan.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good afternoon. Just hoping to get a little color on the month-to-month leases, they ticked up from about 4.5% to 7.5% sequentially in the first quarter while you did a fantastic job chopping wood and reducing the rest of the '23 expiration. But just curious on why the increase in the month-to-month basis and what's going on behind that?
David Simon: Yeah. One of the comments I made was, we expect to be basically 75% by the end of Q2. It's just a process. It's just -- we're negotiating, the retailers are negotiating, the stores are open and operating. But we -- it's just a typical drawn-out process that is the, so to speak, the art of the negotiation, but a lot of that's already handshake committed to that we're just going through and processing now.
Brian McDade: If you look historically, Juan, it's normal seasonality of that line items at this point time of the year.
Juan Sanabria: Great, that was my follow-up. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Mike Mueller from J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question, Mike.
Mike Mueller: Thanks. I was wondering, has there been any notable change in lease duration for what you're signing so far in 2023 compared to last year?
David Simon: Not really. Not at all.
Mike Mueller: Okay. That was it. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Haendel Juste from Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel Juste: Hey, good evening. David, I think earlier you mentioned that new leases were 25% deal volume in the first quarter. I guess, I'm curious if that's why CapEx picked up 8% in the quarter. And if this is also a new level -- new versus renewal leasing that you should expect near term? Thanks.
David Simon: We have a tough connection. Did you guys hear that?
Brian McDade: Haendel, can you repeat your question, please? You kind of broke up a bit there.
Haendel Juste: Sure. Sorry about that. So my question was on, David, I think you mentioned earlier in the call that new leases were 25% of the deal volume in the first quarter. So I'm curious if that's why CapEx was up I think 8% in the first quarter. And also if this level of new leases, 25% or so would be kind of the right way to think about new versus renewal leasing going forward? Thanks.
David Simon: Yeah, I think -- I guess on the TA line, there is some -- we are doing more deals. So there is probably more TA associated with it. So I'm not sure the CapEx line or you are looking at the TA line. But generally, the answer is yes, we're doing a lot more new business and in some cases that does mean a little bit more TA. And I still had a hard time on the last part. Did anybody hear it? No, we didn't hear -- unfortunately, we didn't hear it, but if you want to call back with that, we're happy to answer that.
Operator: Thank you. Moving on to the next question. The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks, good afternoon. Going back to your comments on international tourism, David, can you remind us where international tourism levels are for your portfolio today versus, let's say, pre-COVID? And if it should return to that normal level, what does that mean for Simon's NOI or earnings, however, you want to look at it?
David Simon: Well. I would say, generally speaking, we -- just to give you a sense, our sales for our tourist properties that we identify was up 8% quarter-over-quarter, right, generally?
Brian McDade: Yes.
David Simon: So, the bottom line is, it is really going to result in overage rent that we've probably flat-line more or less on those properties. So -- and that will manifest itself once we reach the breakpoint, so later in the year. But we're seeing -- we're starting to see, I mean like Vegas, we have our tourist property in Florida, which has been pretty strong, but we're seeing more and more international tourism there. Woodbury, here in the New York area -- I'd say, here in Indianapolis, but in the New York area, is really starting to see a lot more international tourism. California has been kind of the weak link. But we're starting to see more and more sales there. And then, Vegas is just going crazy. Vegas -- we -- and we have really important exposure in Vegas between Forum and Crystal, our two outlet centers. Vegas is as good as it gets. It's -- the casinos, what's going on with the city, the movement from California to Nevada. All of the football, baseball, sporting activity, Formula One, it just -- it's a great place to have a lot of retail real estate, and we're seeing real benefits in that. So, this will manifest itself in the fourth quarter as we're seeing that, but as we reached the breakpoints, but we're finally seeing the international tourists to come back to the States. Little weaker dollar helps, and obviously all the -- I think, finally, you don't have a vaccine card or whatever is required to come here, all of that kind of yesterday's news, as of today or yesterday. So, we're -- I think we're finally starting to see that come back like it was pre-pandemic.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And a quick question for Brian. You guys have a pretty healthy cash balance of over $1 billion, yet you still carry a balance in a revolver. I'm sure there is a pretty logical simple answer to this, but just curious.
Brian McDade: Yeah, that's exactly right, the outstandings on our revolver are denominated in euros and they serve as a net investment hedge against our asset base in Europe. We do have a heavy -- a sizable cash balance as we did our offering earlier in this year and pre-funded the balance of our unsecured maturities for this year. So, we're carrying cash and we'll pay off the June maturities at par at maturity.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Brian McDade: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Goldsmith from UBS. Please proceed with your question, Michael.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. David, your base minimum rent growth is accelerating. You have a nice SNO pipeline. You're talking about blowing past your 2% NOI growth guidance for the year. All sounds great. I guess the question is, how sustainable is this algorithm? How long can it continue? What are the factors that are ultimately going to weigh on this momentum that you have?
David Simon: Well, look, I mean I think -- I see it continuing. We see good demand. We are tied to the general economic condition, but supply-demand is in our favor. I think our spot in our industry is well established. We have the confidence with our retail partners. We know what we want to do with our properties. We're not -- we don't [indiscernible] 1,000, we make mistakes all the time, but we know where we want to position them. And so, I hate using kind of this, but I -- it's really going to be the external environment that could slow this down, meaning what happens, do we do a recession or that? And I honestly think some of these markets are -- when people ask me that I actually think if we do go into recession, it will be "kind of regional recession." I just don't see markets right now, they may flatten, they may not grow as much, but I don't see Florida's, Texas, Nevada's of the world, Georgia's, I just don't see them slowing. I don't see them going into a recession. So if there is one, we've always heard, well, it's going to be a regional one, this one might be one. But who -- I really don't know, but I think that's what slows us down. Obviously, we do have some headwinds with higher interest rates. We do have debt maturity at low rates, but rollover will cost us some growth. But we just have to kind of go through that and deal with it.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question, Linda.
Linda Tsai: Hi. How do you think about the longer-term growth profile of the OPI business versus growth in overall portfolio NOI? Do you think the OPI business requires more consistent investment before it generates more stable returns?
David Simon: Well. I think you have to look at it, the individual investments. And like for instance Authentic Brands Group is a growth machine. They're buying brands left and right. They're buying Billabong. They are buying Vince. They've got a huge pipeline. So, I've really seen that company growing, growing, growing. SPARC and Penny are -- SPARC is opening new stores, getting better at ecommerce, getting better operating. I'm sure -- they added Reebok to its portfolio last year, that still hasn't been fully integrated. So, I expect EBITDA growth to accelerate in the later half of '23 and '24. RGG, which includes Rue La La and Gilt, and importantly, Shop Premium Outlets. Remember we contributed that to that joint venture. Shop Premium Outlet is on fire. We're growing our GMV by leaps and bounds. I really think this was an idea we had years ago. We kind of got it off the ground, maybe not quite as good as [indiscernible] but we got it off the ground. We merged it in the RGG. And it's really rocking and rolling. We've got -- we're signing up good retailers all the time. That's got a great story to it. And we have some smaller investments in that. So, I think I see a real growth pattern in all of those. Penny is reinvesting. I think Penny has found its mojo. It's getting better brands in the store. We're making the stores look better. It's got growth in beauty that's investing. So the retailer side of OPI has a little more exposure in the economy because retail just does. But I think they all in their own way, have their own growth story. And -- but you know what, we're economic animals to extent that we get fair value. We've got lots of opportunities to invest in our company or other transactions that will add value. So, we look at these very clinical. And I just remember we've created a lot of value here with very little capital. And what's amazing, it's in our earnings now and which is a good sign because it means it's earning money. And given the small investment, it's been -- if you just want to look on return on our earnings and return on investment, it's been outstanding. So, very proud of it, very profitable. Not our core focus yet, while -- I used the executive team here to leverage our capabilities, intellectual firepower, et cetera, to make those companies better and I think we've done a pretty darn good job. We've had good partners across the board. So we've done it in a very prudent way and it's been very beneficial for us and I expect growth to continue. We'll have more ups and downs, it won't be a straight line, but I have -- I expect more growth from that category, same time 10 years from now or five years from now, we don't have to own any of these companies.
Linda Tsai: Thanks for that. And then just a follow-up. Do you have a sense of how much mixed-use development could become as a percentage of portfolio NOI? And could you give us a sense of what that might represent today?
David Simon: It's not very big today, what is it like 3%, 4%?
Brian McDade: Yes, about 3%.
David Simon: 3%. So, we're a big company. So to do a lot, to get to, like 8% to 10%, we take a lot, would be a few years down the road, but I don't see any reason why -- we certainly should try to strive to get up there if we can do it accretively in this kind of the 7% to 8% range, but that would be roughly $500-plus million of NOIs. So it's not -- it's going to take time.
Linda Tsai: Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question -- the final question comes from Haendel Juste from Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel Juste: Hey, there, thanks for letting me back in. I wanted to get to the second part of my question, and then I have one more. So the second part of my earlier question was, if you are expecting new lease volume to be about 25% of the overall leasing volume as it were in the first quarter over the near term?
David Simon: Yeah. I think that's a reasonable number, yes, in that range.
Haendel Juste: Okay. And then the second question I have was on foot traffic. We saw some recent placer foot traffic data for March, indicating that year-over-year foot traffic at enclosed retail malls is down 8% year-over-year in March. I'm curious if you're seeing similar trends at your properties? And if you think that's a reflection of the consumer and that's coming up in lease negotiations in the current environment? Thanks.
David Simon: Well. Yeah, that's -- I'm glad you asked that because I have -- we keep track of that ourselves. And just to give you March over March -- '23 over March '22, we are 105.5% for malls, 105.6% for mills and 120.2% for outlets for 108% above last year this time. In January and February, we were actually much higher month-over-month. So, we -- for our portfolio, we're above -- traffic is above where it was this time last year, year-to-date, month-on-month.
Haendel Juste: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Brian McDade: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to David Simon for closing remarks. Thank you, sir.
David Simon: Okay, thank you and I appreciate the questions, and we'll talk soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you very much for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Simon Property Group Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Tom Ward. You may begin.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Sammy. Good evening from Atlanta. Thank you for joining us this evening. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Also on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. A quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call this morning, this afternoon will be limited to 1 hour. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to 1 question. I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good evening from Phipps Plaza, where we recently completed our transformation, including a new office building, a new Nobu Hotel and a Life Time resort. I'm pleased to report our fourth quarter and full year results. We generated approximately $4.5 billion in FFO in 2022 or $11.95 per share. On a comparable basis, full year FFO per share was $11.87, an increase of 3.8% year-over-year. We returned approximately $2.8 billion to shareholders in dividends and shares. And total dividends today paid since our IPO now totals approximately $39 billion. We invested approximately $1 billion, including accretive development projects and expanding our other investment platform into the growing asset and investment management businesses with our Jamestown partnership. These consistent strong results are testament to the quality of our portfolio, a relentless focus on operational and cost structure, disciplined capital allocation and our team's commitment to our shoppers and communities. Fourth quarter funds from operations were $1.27 billion or $3.40 per share. Included in the fourth quarter results was a net gain of $0.25 per share, principally from the sale of our interest in the Eddie Bauer licensing JV in exchange for additional equity ownership in Authentic Brands Group, Authentic. We now own 12% of Authentic valued at approximately $1.5 billion. Let me walk through some variances for this quarter compared to Q4 of 2021. Our domestic operations had a very good quarter and contributed $0.23 of growth, driven primarily by higher rental income and with some lower operating expenses. These positive contributions were partially offset by higher interest expense of $0.03 at a $0.15 lower contribution from our other platform investments. 2021 was a great year for our retailers. However, in 2022, Forever 21 and JCPenney were affected by inflationary pressures and consumers reducing their spend. Despite not achieving the same profitability that we did in 2021, we are pleased on how we and the management teams dealt with the unanticipated external environment. Turning to domestic property NOI. We increased 5.8% year-over-year for the quarter and 4.8% for the year. Portfolio NOI, which includes our international properties at constant currency grew 6.3% for the quarter and 5.7% for the year. Occupancy for malls and outlets at the end of the fourth quarter was 94.9%, an increase of 150 basis points compared to prior year and an increase of 40 basis points sequentially. Renewals occupancy was 98.2%, and TRG was 94.5%. Average base minimum rent was $55.13 per foot, an increase of 2.3% year-over-year. For the year, we signed 4,100 leases for more than 14 million square feet. Over 2 years, we've now signed 8,000 leases for more than 29 million square feet, and we have a significant number of leases in our pipeline that will open for a late 2023 and 2024 openings. Reported retailer sales momentum continued. We reached another record in the fourth quarter at $753 per square foot with the malls and outlets combined, an increase of 6% year-over-year. All platforms achieved record sales levels, including the mills, it's $679 per square foot which was a 5% increase. TRG was $1,095 per square foot, an 11% increase, and our occupancy at the end of the fourth quarter was 12%. We opened a new development in 2022, our 10th premium outlet in Japan. Construction continues, our new outlet in Normandy, France, west of Paris. This will be our second outlet in France and our 35th international outlet. Our international outlet platform is a hidden jewel for SPG. As a frame of reference, it is bigger and much more profitable with much higher sales per square foot than another public company's portfolio. We completed 14 redevelopments, and we will complete another major redevelopment project this year at some of our most productive properties. In addition, we expect to begin construction this year on 6 to 8 mixed-use projects. All of this will be funded with our internally generated cash flow. Now turning to other platform investments in the fourth quarter, it contributed $0.23 per share in FFO compared to $0.38 in the prior year period. For the year, OPI contributed $0.64 in FFO compared to $1.07 in the prior year. We are pleased with the contribution from our OPI investments, especially given our de minimis cash investment we've made in these companies. Turning to the balance sheet. We completed refinancing on 20 property mortgages for a total of $2.3 billion at an average interest rate of 5.33%. Our A-rated balance sheet is as strong as ever. Our fixed coverage ratio is 4.8x, and we ended the year with approximately $7.8 billion of liquidity. In 2022, we paid approximately $2.6 billion of common stock dividends in cash. We announced $1.80 per share this quarter, which is a 9% increase over the same period last year. The dividend is payable at the end of March -- at the end of this quarter, on March 31. We also repurchased 1.8 million shares of our common stock at an average purchase price of $98.57 in 2022. Moving on to '23. Our comparable FFO guidance is $11.70 to $11.95 per share. Our guidance reflects the following assumptions: domestic property NOI growth of at least 2%; increased interest expense compared to 2022 of approximately $0.30 to $0.35 per share, reflecting current market interest rates on both fixed and variable debt assumptions; similar OPI investment contribution, FFO contribution compared to 2022; the continuing impact of the strong U.S. dollar versus the euro and the yen; no significant acquisition or disposition activity; and a diluted share count of approximately 374 million shares. To conclude, we had another excellent year, effectively navigating external headwinds that included rising interest rates, strong U.S. dollars, inflation and a somewhat softening economy. We have consistently posted industry-leading results through our hard work, innovation, great people and great assets, and we are -- continue to be excited about our plans for 2023. If you come to Atlanta, you will see what we're doing, and it's a great example of the future growth prospects of our company. And will now allow for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Just starting with the guidance of at least 2% sort of organic growth next year, obviously, occupancy is already back to 95%. Just a little bit more color on that. How much of that is occupancy gain? How much of that is rent bumps? Just trying to get a sense of what's driving that.
David Simon: Well, I think it's all the above. It's rent bumps, it's occupancy gains. We still -- and this is very important to underscore. We still have a lot of openings scheduled for the latter half of '23 and the early part of '24. So we're not going to see the full contribution of those tenants open until essentially really a run rate at '24, I'd say, sometime in '24. Now you ask why? Well, because we have a high-quality group of retailers opening in these, and it takes a while to build out their quality stores. But it's occupancy gains, it's rental -- it's spread increases. It's a reduction in our temporary tenant income because we're leasing space permanently. And it's basically assuming that -- a lot goes into this, but it's basically assuming relatively flat sales. Now if you remember last year, we said up to 2%. This year, we obviously blew past it. It was total for the domestic properties at clearly 5%, roughly 5%, 4.8%. So we're hopeful we'll do better. But again, we still have to make assumptions and that's why we like where we're at. And the biggest assumption that is somewhat of the unknown sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: I guess as you think about your other platform investments and some of the monetizations that you talked about with Authentic Brands, how do you sort of think about those on a go-forward basis against maybe making new investments in new retailers that may be struggling at this time?
David Simon: Well, we have a unique relations, relationship with Authentic. That's a very important partnership, so to speak, both as a big shareholder, but also we're 50% owners together, 50% for us, 50% for Authentic in SPARC. And we have a different ownership structure with JCPenney. We don't really have any plans to -- for SPARC to buy additional retailers. We're very opportunistic on that. We had a very busy year last year with Reebok, where SPARC became the operating -- domestic operating partner for Reebok. More -- a very complicated deal. As you remember, we've had -- depressed earnings. We mentioned that to you early last year, that it did depress earnings because we had -- we knew we had some losses to occur this year. So hopefully, we'll be past that this year. But we really don't have any plans to acquire anything. If we do, it will be opportunistically. And just to -- we really -- we've done our -- most of our work has been with -- on the bankruptcy front or where somebody wanted to unload a business. And -- but generally, there's not a lot of distress in retail right now. I'm not saying it won't develop in the year. But there are some brands out there that are in trouble that obviously people know about. But we don't see playing in any of those situations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank.
Derek Johnston: Can we get a more granular update on Phipps Plaza? The repositioning has been open for, I'd say most, or at least part of 4Q. So I guess how is it tracking versus plan? What changes in traffic are you seeing? Or any notable change of in-line rents? Any dates would be appreciated. And then I guess lastly, the project seems to have increased your plan for accelerating some other mixed-use endeavors, I guess, with Jamestown, any more information would be helpful.
David Simon: Yes. So it really just opened. So the hotel opened at the end of October, November, but it's really new. The office -- literally, the first tenant just moved in January, mid-January. We just did a tour of that. We still have a lot of lease up. Just to give you a rough number, pre-investment, Phipps stood in the low 20s of NOI. We think it will be stabilized close to 60. And we'll have invested around $350 million in it over that period of time. So again, we don't -- we're a big company. We don't really get into like granular detail, but we basically increased the NOI by about $35 million. Remember, this was a Belk department store. So in the Belk department store, we couldn't lease up that wing. We now have a plaza that has been created external. We announced Herms opening into the Plaza and part of the wing that really was difficult to lease with Belk as the anchor. We have an unbelievable Life Time resort. If you haven't seen what they build or their product, both with Life Time Work, the pool and the restaurants and the services and the salon and, obviously, all the fitness activities, I'd encourage you to do so. And we have a Class A plus office, the best in Buckhead that just opened. So again, low 20, 60, $350 million investment is the math. Now again, we're doing -- and you mentioned Jamestown. Jamestown investment is in the investment and asset management business. So these mixed-use developments that I mentioned in my call text, the 6 to 8, we're doing all of those with -- by ourselves or with partners that we've used before. So that really isn't with Jamestown. Again, we looked at the Jamestown relationship, future endeavors that we can do together or in partnership, but we're very active in building out our platform now. And Seattle as an example, we're about to start a residence in a hotel, which finally got approved, and that's going to start construction. We can go through the list. But all that, Simon Property Group owned just like Phipps, which we own 100% of. Nobu, we own, obviously. The Life Time it was a lease and then the office building we own, too, which is all 100% owned asset. So I don't want you to confuse those 2. But that's the rough math on Phipps. And then the true lease up of Phipps, again, which goes back to the -- my earlier comment on the NOI. The true lease-up effects because you have -- you see Malone and some of the high-end brands building out their stores, it's not a 3-month build. It's, in many cases, 9 months to a year. The true offering that Phipps will have will really show in '24 when all of these retailers open the stores. So Christian Louboutin, Herms and AKRIS and on and on. But most of those will either open late '23 or '24, and that's when Phipps really will be finished. These things don't just -- you don't just flip a switch and it opens. So that gives you a sense of it. And we think the true pro forma of this will ultimately manifest itself in year '25 or even in '26.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.
Alexander Goldfarb: So a question on the retailer brand portfolio and your equity stake in Authentic Brands. You guys have a headwind -- sorry, not a headwind. You guys have a fluctuating contribution from the retailers just based on their actual sales, right? Because it's not rents, it's based on sales. Yet I'm assuming you get some sort of recurring cash flow from the intellectual property that you own in Authentic Brands, managing the brands and all that. So I'm just trying to understand, as you guys sell more of the brand equity and exchange it for a bigger stake of Authentic Brands, how does your income mix switch from being solely sales-dependent to being more consistent, whether it's managing or other sorts of more regular fee income versus volatility from however many jeans or shorts are sold in a given quarter?
David Simon: All right. You're introducing -- I'll take you through a tutorial because I like you, Alex, so here we go. SPARC operates the domestic business of the brands Lucky, Aropostale, Forever 21, [Eddie Bauer], okay, Brooks Brothers, et cetera. It license the brands from Authentic and it pays a royalty fee to Authentic, and then we, and our partner, Authentic, and it pays rent to landlords, including Simon that will pay rent to -- Forever 21 could be in a Vornado property. In fact, it is in Times Square pays rent to Steve Roth and Vornado. And that business has operating profit. And we share in that 50-50 with Authentic. So we actually, now that we converted and exchanged our license, that we own together. Now we have historically done the license business on a JV basis. We've decided over time to exchange that into stock of Authentic. And that's why we were not a shareholder in Authentic, but eventually it become a 12% shareholder in Authentic through the exchange of our interest in the JV license business, for stock into Authentic. Authentic is a big company. It does $1 billion of revenue, close thereabouts. But it owns the license of many, many brands beyond SPARC. It owns its partnership with David Beckham and its partnership with Shaquille, Elvis Presley, Juicy Couture and on down the list. You can Google it, it will give you all the names, so. But SPARC is essentially the retail operating company. So when you think of SPARC, you should think of it similar to any other retailer like American Eagle or anybody else that operates stores, operate e-commerce, et cetera, it does wholesale. The only difference it pays a royalty to Authentic. It does not pay a royalty to Simon Property Group. So the only vagaries that Simon Property Group has is, in fact, what the operating profits of SPARC are. And in the case of '21 versus '22, the big difference was essentially Forever 21 because that teenage consumer obviously cut back with the rapid increase in gas prices and inflation and the uncertain economic environment. So I know we're not allowed, but can we let Alex -- I'm asking Tom Ward, who's the police of the call, can we ask Alex if he understands this? Okay, Alex. do you understand it? Was I perfectly clear?
Alexander Goldfarb: So if I take away what you're saying, SPG lives really on the retail sales and performance, your 12% stake in AB doesn't generate any fees to you? So again, the focus is really the earnings derived purely from sales, there's not any sort of recurring.
David Simon: Well, I mean, it's more than -- sure, sales are important, but there's gross margin. They also sell wholesale, okay? So Brooks Brothers does have wholesale accounts. So it's more -- but it generates EBITDA basically through running the business, which includes stores, e-commerce, wholesale, and certain other ventures. Authentic, because we equity account, they're a very profitable company with high gross margins. It's an asset-light company, essentially. We take our share of earnings from them, net income because they are a taxpayer, et cetera. But together, all of those businesses, SPARC, RGG, which is our partnership with Michael Rubin, who owns Fanatics, and Authentic, all of that rolls through OPI. And OPI contributed $0.64 out of $11.87. So it's in that range, to give you a sense. So $0.64 out of $11.85. So -- but that -- hopefully, that helps explain it. Lastly, you got it?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street.
Vince Tibone: Could you provide some color on leasing economics and how those are trending in the current macro environment? Just given current NOI guidance is about 2%, which is lower than average contractual bumps and there should be some occupancy upside, this just seems to imply leasing economics aren't great. But I know it's contrary to what you said on recent calls. So can you just help me better understand kind of the dynamics at play here with guidance and maybe where leasing economics are right now?
David Simon: Yes. Look, I would say we have positive spreads across the portfolio in renewals and in new leases versus existing leases for new fixed. And again, we also had operating spend increase because we're not immune to security cost increases, housekeeping, all of that normal operating expenses. To some extent, our fixed and bumps don't cover that. We're also projecting flat sales. Obviously, to the extent that sales outperformed that, we'll outperform as well. And we have these cases when we're adding great retailers and great restaurants to our portfolio, we have to take out the tenant that was, in many cases, temporary, you have to take that out. And you basically have 9 months of downtime where you have no income for it. Now like we did last time, Vince, we said up to 2%. We did 4.8%. I'm hoping to do better. But those are basically the determinants. And that's why we said better than 2%. But we have some operating expense increases, real estate taxes, unbelievably continue even though we're the goose that continues to lay the golden eggs for all of the communities in which we operate, our taxes continue to go up. While we have operating expenses that go up with inflationary pressures, we had downtime. We had flat sales, and we lose temporary income while we're retending and going to physical, whether we're going to permanent income. All of that's great news, but our rent spreads are positive. Renewals are positive. And we -- and that's been the difference. And obviously, we'll throw COVID out. But even the trend prior to COVID, renewals were under customers, you know, Vince. And demand continues to be very good.
Vince Tibone: Just one follow-up. Like is variable lease income -- do you expect that to continue to trend down just as you unwind maybe some COVID lease modifications? Or how should we think about that part of the puzzle to going forward?
David Simon: We have budgeted it basically down slightly because, number one is the extent that a tenant renews the lease, we're getting some of that overage into the base rent. If you remember out of bankruptcy, Forever 21 pays basically percentage rent to all of its landlords, us included. It had a tough year last year, as I mentioned earlier. And we're budgeting basically flat this year. So there's a lot that goes on that kind of -- you've got to again separate between overage and percent rent. It's a little bit of a crystal ball. There are always retailers that do well, some that slow down. We're pretty good at anticipating who's going to be great, who's not. But we're not the ones -- other than Forever 21, we're not the ones putting the stuff in the stores itself, okay? Forever 21, you can blame it on us, okay? So I hope that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with Citi.
Craig Mailman: David, just you had mentioned Forever 21, JCPenney's managed some inflationary headwinds in their business. I'm just kind of curious, with your purview through SPARC and other investments, just how you think the retailers, that your investors and maybe other tenants that people have concerns about or talked about in the news, are positioned heading into '23 from a gross margin management perspective and just balance sheet. And how much risk you see in this current environment versus maybe the kind of the headline fees that are in the market.
David Simon: Right now, we feel really good about our retailers. I think they were very focused on entering '23 with good, clean inventories. We feel like most of them have managed that. I asked my leasing folks all the time any pullback on demand. It's not really happened. So we feel good about that. Demand continues to be generally very strong. And I think they really -- because of the bounce back out of COVID really got the benefit of kind of getting their house in order. So I think on the credit side, we're feeling very comfortable, right, Brian? Yes?
Brian McDade: Yes. Watch list has been lower in years. The tenant community rebuilt its financial position during COVID and is coming out of it in a much better place.
David Simon: So nothing yet. Obviously, you've got a couple of big names out there, but we really have very little exposure to them. And in some cases, we'd like most of them are boxed and also in strip centers. So the ones that were -- that we have and we like the box at, we think we can do something better with them. So I'd say generally, knock on wood, I think credit side is pretty good and demand is good. And they ran -- they -- December was very spotty for a lot of retailers. On the other hand, after Christmas, most had a really good January. And again, I think the mistake we made, Simon Property Group made is that -- again, SPARC was profitable even with -- even though even it didn't meet the financial results of what -- and again, we shouldn't dwell on this too much because again, $0.64 out of $11.87, $0.64 out of $11.87. But it's important just so we'll do a little vehicle, but we made the mistake that thinking '21 -- we budgeted basically flat to '21. And '21 was for a couple of the brands there, just extraordinarily profitable. We made some tactical mistakes in Forever 21. We brought in a new CEO to rectify those mistakes. She's doing a terrific job. So we're very pleased there. We also are very pleased with JCPenney. It's unbelievably profitable EBITDA. You can see the EBITDA. There are some public filings out there. But it is -- it didn't have the '21 year of '21, but we're very pleased at where that company is positioned. And we're extremely pleased with the management team and all that they're doing to reinvigorate the brand. That means so much to that consumer in those communities. And we're taking a different tack than others that have managed or owned that brand. We're actually reinvesting in that company to make it very important for those communities. So very pleased with how we're positioning Penney. But it had EBITDA -- I don't know if I can disclose it, but it had a lot of EBITDA, okay? So and our partner, Brookfield, we'll let Brookfield take -- we'll let Brookfield announce it if they do their -- I'm kidding. But it was very profitable from an EBITDA point of view. So we're very pleased there with the brands. But we did make the mistake of thinking '21 would repeat. And then obviously, you had a lot of volatility from a macro point in '22 with huge increases in interest rates, huge increase in price, in food and energy cost that the consumer was whipsawed, and we felt the impact of it. It's stabilized now, we believe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt: Given the China reopening, I wonder if you could outline how these visitors would impact your coastal premium outlets and your dominant coastal malls.
David Simon: Well, I think we haven't seen the benefit. But just walking we -- I mean I don't want to get into the kind of the geopolitics of what's going on. But we're -- we think there's a real benefit to our landmark assets that have always been shopped by the Chinese consumer or the Asian consumer. We're starting to see that a little bit, but we're not planning for that to really accelerate in '23 but we're hopeful that it will.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Floris Gerbrand Dijkum with Compass Point.
Floris Gerbrand Dijkum: David, you had talked last quarter, actually, in response to a question I asked about recovering back to 2019 levels of same-property NOI, which we reckon to be about $6.2 billion. But obviously, that includes -- that does not include some of your retailer investments. But depending on how you slice it, I'm just trying to do the math here, but you're at least $200 million short, even if you include those retailer investments. If you can walk us through -- that would imply that you would get to around 3.7% NOI growth to get back to those levels. So you're clearly not guiding to that yet. You're guiding to 2%. But what are the headwinds, if you will?
David Simon: Floris, I think you can -- you really should just focus on domestic. To put the retailers in there, there's too much volatility. It's not something we look to -- we're focused on are domestic property NOI to get back to 2019 numbers before we were shut down by the pandemic. The short answer is we will get there on a run rate by the end of this year. That's the short answer. And you shouldn't put the retailer NOI in there. It's, again, that's -- you've got to remember, we have basically no cash investment in SPARC. So -- and I know we could talk about it all day, but it's -- when you think about Simon Property Group, we want you to think about those investments as it gets with purchase, okay? We get this great property company that owns all those real estate that's redeveloping it, great balance sheet, the ability to make smart investments with an unbelievable return on investment outside its core business. And that's what you get with a seasoned team that's experienced from recession to credit prices to a shutdown in a pandemic, okay? And we managed it through it all. So the bottom line is our domestic property NOI, because of the delay in some of these openings, we will get back on a same property basis. Because remember, the other thing for us, we have properties in and out. So you can't go back in '19, the portfolio is different. But if you do the same portfolio that we own today versus the same portfolio that we own in '19, possible we'll be there by the end of this year, okay?
Floris Gerbrand Dijkum: And that would -- and David, that includes -- the $6.2 billion was included your stake in Taubman as well. But I'm just curious because...
David Simon: No. We're not including Taubman in it. This is just the domestic property NOI. So we're not even including our international NOI. So what we can give you the mill, if you combine the mills, outlets and malls, domestic portfolio that we owned in '19 and that we still own in '22, we will get there on a run rate by the end of this year. As simple as that we're not that far off, but we have delayed openings. And depending on where sales come in, it's even possible we make it this year. And that's the way to look at it. And that's the only way to look at it, really.
Floris Gerbrand Dijkum: I don't disagree. If I can -- the S&L pipeline, has that changed from the last quarter as well? You mentioned some of your spaces opening later in '23 and then '24, obviously, that has the potential to impact your NOI growth going forward by 5% to 7% depending on the rent that you signed, plus your fixed rent bumps. The math that we have suggests that 2% is -- it's the extreme low side of what's probably going to happen over the next 2 to 3 years.
David Simon: Yes. I mean certainly, if you look at it over that period of time, call to way outperform -- and again, I just go back to last year. We try to be as thoughtful in doing this, but there are variabilities to it, overage rent being the biggest. But we also have some certain inflationary pressures that we, as landlords and property owners, have to deal with, what I mentioned earlier. And again, you have downtime. But we -- I would hope that we would beat our number just like we did last year. And just like we have historically.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: In the past, you've talked about 80% of the NOI being generated by the top 50% of the properties. Does this remain true? And can you talk about the demand trends and pricing power that you have in the top half of the portfolio relative to the bottom half?
David Simon: Well, I don't -- anybody has the percent...
Brian McDade: Yes. Michael, that's the whole group. Our top 100 assets generate roughly 80% of our domestic NOI.
David Simon: Yes. So it's more than 50%.
Brian McDade: It's more than 50%.
David Simon: It's more than 50%. So I'd say demand across the board is good. Obviously, the higher end property probably has more demand. And -- but we're generally -- our leases still, to this day, occupancy cost is low and our rent spreads across the board are generally positive regardless of the sales front.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Mike Mueller: Just a quick one. For your platform investment FFO forecast, are you expecting any significant nonrecurring costs like you had in the 2022 results?
David Simon: No. That's a good question and the answer is no. We're not.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: I was hoping maybe you could share some thoughts on deploying capital in the current macro. We noticed you didn't buy back any stock in the fourth quarter. So I guess I'm curious what your level of interest and stock buybacks is here today. And second, I know you mentioned that there's no sizable acquisitions or dispositions in the guide. But I'm curious what your view of the transaction market for malls is, at least today. Clearly, things are still a bit stalled across the board, but there have been a few trades in California the last couple of months. So curious what you think of those trades and if there are any pricing read-throughs.
David Simon: Well, I think we're generally pleased that we're seeing some activity in our sector. And it's great that there's others out there that are -- real estate industries that are trying to grow externally. As an example, what was today that was announced. It's good to see we're not the only ones that like to make things happen externally. So that's good. I think our strategy has been essentially confirmed by others, other players in our industry where size and economies of scale see the benefits. So it's always good to see. We saw it in the warehousing world, and we saw it in the -- now we might see in the storage world. So it's great that we see that. From a stock buyback, I think our dividend is really where we're focused growing that. One of the thing I mentioned, hopefully, in my conference text that you heard was we paid out $39 billion in dividends, staggering number when you put it in perspective. That does not include any stock buyback, that's just pure dividends. I'd say that's the, obviously, the focus. But if the stock comes under pressure, we still have the ability to deal with that. So that is in our arsenal. We got a lot of mixed-use properties. I'd say generally, relatively quiet on the acquisition front. We did create our partnership with Jamestown, which we're focused on this year and, obviously, the years to come to grow that relationship. But we've got a lot going on and the capital to continue to create external opportunities. And we've been -- we haven't batted 1,000, but we've certainly moved the needle profitably with our investments and creating unbelievable return on investment, both in the real estate -- still one of the best deals ever done in real estate was our deal on premium outlets, which I'm happy to walk through the math not today. But still one of the best multiple deals ever been in our industry. And at that time, we were widely criticized for it. But one of the best deals done in the public company space.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Got it. And I appreciate that. But it sounds like at a high level, not putting words in your mouth, that the focus of your capital investing today is going to be more the redev, less the stock buybacks, less the acquisitions. Question, just a follow-up maybe on the FFO guide itself. I appreciate some of the headwinds, the unknowns, the OpEx, the interest expense, et cetera, but I'm trying to get a sense of what else might be limiting the FFO growth this year, which is basically flat year-over-year versus the 2%, at least.
David Simon: Yes, it's really simple. It's interest rate. We're losing roughly $0.30 to $0.35 per share just from either floating rate debt that's now higher or our own assumptions of what our refinancing costs are going to be. The good news is we're refinancing all of our debt. The market is there. but the cost of debt is higher. So that's really if you cut through it all, that's -- and when you look at kind of where the market was, very few analysts updated their numbers at all for higher interest rates. But they -- I don't have to tell you they ballooned over the last 12 months.
Haendel St. Juste: No, I appreciate that. I wanted to get a bit of clarity, though, perhaps on bad debt. How are you thinking about that this year within the guide, FX headwinds, maybe at least?
David Simon: Yes. I think we got to open it up a little higher. We have a little higher bad debt expense budgeted this year than last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Just hoping for a little color on expected CapEx spend just in general for maintenance and then the development spend that we should be budgeting, and what kind of returns or NOI contributions we should be thinking about on the dev readouts stopped -- that would flow through into '23 as we model.
David Simon: I will look at our 8-K because the development spend will add to that. But obviously, when you start a real estate project, it's over a, 2-year sometimes 3-year process. So all that's disclosed in the 8-K. And the CapEx, including TA, will probably be roughly with what it was '22, if not a little bit less, okay?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank.
Greg McGinniss: Regarding the large number of stores opening in late '23 and early '24, what's that expected NOI contribution in GLA, which you attributed to these leases that are signed but not yet been paying?
David Simon: At least $100 million.
Greg McGinniss: On NOI or -- I guess NOI. Okay. And then is there any contribution expectation from the Jamestown investment? And then if you could talk about like Klpierre that's built into guidance as well. That would be appreciated.
David Simon: That all in Jamestown is accretive, but it wasn't a big investment. So -- and so it's in our budget, but it's not really -- the relationship is material, but the financial impact is not material. So that's one. Klpierre, we -- it is consistent with their guidance that they'll be developing when they announced their earnings this -- in the next couple of weeks.
Brian McDade: There is some FX headwind still baked in there, Greg, [indiscernible] dollars.
David Simon: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: Hope to have a quick one here. So when I look at your 2023 lease expirations, your portfolio still has about 10.5% expiring, which hasn't really budged in the past couple of quarters. I remember from the last call, you said these things can take time, especially with larger national accounts. So I was just curious if you can share an update and how we should mentally think about a realistic set of outcomes here.
David Simon: Well, it's -- listen, we're negotiating for the benefit of our shareholders. They're negotiating for the benefit of their shareholders. And a lot of these things we have, what I'll say, handshakes and it's the process of being [tapered]. So you should feel good that there's no smoking gun. There's nothing there that's going to lead to a fall out. It's just a process. And renewals are going We're, in fact, ahead of our '23 renewals now compared to where we were last year, some of the '22s -- and in some cases, because '22 took so long, we're doing '23s, so together and it's a process. But it's going well and relationships are progressing appropriately.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just one quick one. Where should we expect your portfolio occupancy to end up by end of this year?
David Simon: '23, slightly up, slightly up. I don't have the number but Brian will have it for you later. Okay, last one, I guess. We're over 6:00, but we have one more question and one to finish the Q&A.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: On the guidance, the range you provided based on comparable FFO per share in the coming quarters when you have a better sense of mark-to-market gains or losses, will you also show guidance for estimated diluted per share for the full year like you did in prior quarters?
David Simon: Yes. Last -- you mean our mark-to-market equity investments?
Linda Tsai: Yes.
David Simon: Yes, sure. I mean we outlined it. We separate it. We'll do comparable and real numbers. So you'll see both. Hopefully, it will only be up. But last year, we did take a reported FFO. You have the number? What was it?
Tom Ward: $0.08.
David Simon: $0.08. But we'll outline those for you, Linda so, you'll see them both.
Operator: And we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to David Simon for closing remarks.
David Simon: Thank you. And again, I'm sure there are a lot more detailed questions. Please call Brian and Tom, and we'll be happy to walk you through more details. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Simon Property Group's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Tom Ward. Thank you. Mr. Ward, you may begin.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Larry, and thank you, all, for joining us this morning. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; also on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. A quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call this morning will be limited to one hour. [Operator Instructions] I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good morning, and Im pleased to report our third quarter results. Third quarter funds from operations were $1.1 billion or $2.97 per share prior to a non-cash unrealized loss of $0.04 from a mark-to-market in fair value of publicly held securities. Let me walk you through some of the variances for the quarter compared to Q3 2021, our domestic operations had a very good quarter and contributed $0.05 of growth, driven by higher rental income. Our International operations posted strong results in the quarter and increased $0.05, despite the negative currency impact of $0.05 given the strength in the dollar. These positive contributions were partially offset by an $0.11 lower contribution from our other platform investments, which reflects costs associated with the JCPenney launch of new beauty brands, Reebok Integration costs and some softening of sales compared to 2021 from our two value-oriented brands. Domestic property, net operating income increased 2.3% for the quarter and 4.4% for the first nine months of the year. NOI growth for the quarter was negatively impacted by approximately 100 basis points due to the light off of outstanding receivables from Regal Theaters upon its bankruptcy filing. Portfolio NOI, which includes our international properties at constant currency, grew 3.2% for the quarter and 5.5% for the first nine months of the year. Occupancy ended third quarter 94.5%, an increase of 170 basis points compared to the prior year and an increase of 60 basis points compared to the second quarter. TRG was 94.5%, average base minimum rent increase for the fourth quarter in a row and was $54.80, an increase of 1.7% year-over-year. Leasing momentum continued, we signed nearly 900 leases for more than 3 million square feet in the quarter and have signed over 3,100 leases for more than 10 million square feet through the first nine months of the year. And we continue to have a significant number of leases in our pipeline. The opening rate on our new leases has increased 10% since last year, or roughly $6 per lease. Reported retail sales momentum continued. Our shopper remains resilient. We reported another record in the third quarter of $749 per square foot for the malls and outlets, which was an increase of 14% year-over-year. Mills ended up at $677 per square foot, a 15% increase. TRG was $1,080 per foot, 25% increase. Our occupancy cost is at 12%, which is a level not seen since early 2015. We opened our 10th premium outlet in Japan and started construction on a significant expansion at Busan and South Korea. Our redevelopment pipeline is moving forward with more creative projects. Turning to our other platform investments. In the third quarter contributing $0.17 in FFO per share, as compared to $0.28 in the prior year period. After cash distributions received, we have approximately $475 million of net investment within our other platform investments primarily an ABG and RGG. We expect to generate approximately $300 million in FFO from OPI, that is for those of you like math is a 60% return on investment. We believe the value of our investments in OPI is over $2 billion. We've recently announced our strategic partnership with Jamestown, a global real estate investment and management firm. We see great opportunity with this investment to capitalize on the growing asset and investment management businesses. The Jamestown team, our experienced, mixed-use operators, developers, property managers and asset managers, we're pleased to expand our investment platform with this best-in-class operator and we expect to grow their asset management business and accelerate our densification opportunities. We anticipate this accretive transaction to close prior to the end of this year. Turning to the balance sheet. We completed the refinancing of 16 property mortgages during the first nine months of the year for a total of $1.8 billion, at an average interest rate of 4.78%. Our balance sheet is strong, with approximately $8.6 billion of liquidity. Net debt-to-EBITDA is at 5.7 times and our fixed charge coverage is over 5 times. Today, we announced a 9.1% increase in our common stock dividend, and we will pay $1.80 per share for the fourth quarter. The dividend is payable on December 30th. Since May, we have purchased 1.8 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $98.57 per share. Given our current view, for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our full year 2022 comparable FFO guidance from $11.70 to $11.77 per share, to $11.83 per share to $11.88 per share, compared to $11.44 last year. So that's an increase of 13% at the bottom end of the range and $0.12 at the midpoint and an increase of $0.26 at the midpoint compared to our initial guidance for the year. This guidance increase comes in the face of a strong U.S. dollar, rising interest rates and inflationary pressures. Now, just let me conclude by saying, we had another impressive quarter. And before we get to questions, I would like to share some thoughts with you. For nearly 30 years as a public company, like many companies and industries, we have dealt with significant shifts within our industry. In our case, we embrace new challenges, and are better operators and more thoughtful and astute capital allocations  allocators. Many have tried to kill off physical retail real estate and in particular in closed malls. And I need not remind you, when physical retail was closed in COVID, all the naysayers saying that physical retail was gone forever. However, brick and mortar is strong -- brick and mortar retail are strong and ecommerce is flat lining. And importantly, over this period of time, we have paid out $39 billion in dividends to shareholders, as we have become stronger and more profitable. And why do I bring this up constantly? Well, because hopefully, this will put an end to the so-called negative mall narrative as you can't pay those dividends without a strong underlying business. Now, operator, we're ready for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good morning, David. It's nice to see the occupancy continue to climb and I know minimum base rents are up 1.7%. And you did mention in your comments that new lease rates were up 6% - or $6 sorry, per foot. Can you just kind of provide any color on how leasing spreads are trending? And do you envision bringing that metric back perhaps early next year? Just any thoughts around that?
David Simon: Yes, they are -- when you do comparable space, they're wildly positive.
Steve Sakwa: Can you just provide any more color?
David Simon: Well, I just -- we don't report spreads, but they're wildly positive when you focus on comparable space.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. Good morning out there, David. Hey, so, one, appreciate the continued disclosure of the different platforms, the core, the International, Klepierre and the brands. But my question is, just given continued inflation, obviously, energy grown more of a concern, can you just help us understand when we hear or see like retailer brand earning contribution is down, or we read about different retailers having issues, how that translates, if at all, to their leasing? Because I think one of the questions that certainly comes up, is, hey, retailers have a bad print, oh, that's negative for the landlords. But that doesn't seem to be the case of accepting maybe certain circumstances. So, is there a general insight that you can help us understand that when the retailers have a bad quarter or a bad print, what the impact, if at all, that you see on the leasing side?
David Simon: Sure. I would say, this is something we monitor every single day, in good times, bad times, mediocre times. We have yet to see any pullback in opening new stores or renewals. So, there's been absolutely no impact. And you're always going to have a deal here or there that falls apart for all sorts of different reasons, but nothing based upon the macro conditions. And I would tell you, Alex, that where -- they're seeing most of the pressure is in the e-commerce business. So the flight toward bricks and mortar is real. It's going to be sustained. And if they're in the retail business and they want to grow, they're going to open stores. And it's that simple, because the returns on e-commerce just aren't quite what everybody talks about. And so I think you've seen that and we've seen no slowdown whatsoever, there's always going to be a deal here or there. But if they're growing retailer, they have to put the money in bricks. Highest return on investment, we understand it as well as anybody because we see the e-commerce business, not just in the brands that we own with ABG, but also at Penney and RGG. And it's been a difficult year for e-commerce and bricks is where the action is.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Derek Johnston of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everybody. Good morning. David, you've been doing this a long time. How do you
David Simon: Yes, you're right about that, you're right about that.
Derek Johnston: Yes, sir. But how do you and the team feel headed into holiday? The consumer seems okay. But certainly, we're facing a slowdown, high inflation, it's hitting interest rates. So I mean, what really keeps you optimistic on your retail investments and then also on the holiday overall and it being a solid season?
David Simon: Well, look, you're always, as any kind of CEO, you're always worried about the macro environment. But I will tell you what gives me unbelievable confidence going into the next few years is, the realization that - what we have been saying is that don't underestimate physical retail. And its kind of repetitive what I said earlier, but I'll just reinforce. We feel really good because physical retail is where the action is. That's where the return on investment is. And so even though if we may slow down next year or even into the holiday season, I don't think the growth from our existing business is going to slow down because the demand for new deals and space is there. On the retail side, I -- we're trying to -- one is I don't want to make a huge deal out of it. Two, is I want people to understand we've made an unbelievable investment. So we're getting a 50% return on our net investment there. So if it goes to 70% or it goes to 50%, it's -- we are going to have volatility, but it's still the hell of an investment, still being a great thing for us to do, to not only understand but what it takes for retailers to be successful, but kind of where the future is. So there will be volatility in that, but our better brands in there like Brooks Brothers, Lucky Jeans, Monica, really doing well. I said to you on the last call, the lower income consumer is tightened their belt and we do have a few brands that are affected by that. But even with that said, we have an unbelievable return on investment after tax from the earnings that those businesses throw off. And we're also making investments in that -- in those businesses. So, I expect those investments to pay for future earnings growth. But the macro is concerning, but look, rates will have an impact is probably the most direct impact that we'll have next year. But I still feel like demand and bricks and mortars where the action is going to be.
Operator: Our next question is from Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: Quick ones, if I could sneak them in. The first is just on the occupancy gain is pretty impressive this quarter. I think you talked about maybe getting to pre-COVID occupancy by 2023. Just how are you thinking about sort of the upside on occupancy in this portfolio at this point? The second one was just on the new disclosure in the supplemental is really helpful on the fixed versus variable. Just any color or any comments as you're converting these variable leases to fix? How is that going? How much is left to go? What's the economics look like? Would be helpful. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure. Let me -- I'll take the last one. I mean, we expect to garner a lot of the percentage and overage rent to minimum rent as these leases roll, but they take time to roll over. And our average lease term is probably 7 years. So it's not going to happen overnight, but it will happen over time. And remind me your first question? Occupancy. Thank you. So Look, I think we're still on track to achieve our goal -- I mean, I -- frankly, I think we've done an unbelievable job in increasing our occupancy and increasing our cash flow since the shutdowns. So hopefully, in '23, we'll get back to pre-COVID levels.
Operator: Our next question is from Vince Tibone of Green Street. Please go ahead.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good morning. Could you elaborate on how you expect to grow Jamestown's Asset Management business? And could you see that platform being acquisition vehicles, U.S. malls or Simon's the operating partner and how minority stake in the fund or investment?
David Simon: It's really in the asset management business. So I don't see it buying -- I don't see buying malls in that platform under any circumstance. But they have a lot of institutional relationships as do we, and we think, our working together, we'll be able to separate account money to invest in kind of the opportunities that exist in real estate. They're great place-making real estate. So there'll be some of those opportunities. They are also historically a big German fund operator. We expect them to continue that and they look for opportunities both internationally and domestically, not in our core business, but in other forms of real estate. So I think between essentially kind of the historical separate account business. They have their premier fund, plus their German fund business and then our adding to that platform in terms of owning 50% of the business. I think it will be attractive for institutional and retail investors, not retail real estate investors, but retail investors to potentially want to have Jamestown invest in real estate form.
Vince Tibone: That's really helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Floris Van Dijkum of Compass Point.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks. David, I was heartening to hear you talk about the benefits of physical real estate over e-commerce, your perspective is always much valued on those. You have better insight call on that than anybody in the industry. And obviously, sales records, tenant sales records, leasing remains strong. I guess the question I have for you is, last quarter, I think you said your SNO pipeline was around 200 basis points. Is that still the case? Because you're signing new leases as well as opening stores? And then when do you think you're going to be able to achieve 19 levels of NOI on a same-store basis?
David Simon: Well, look, I -- we're pushing the group to achieve that next year. And Floris, I would say to you the biggest issue for us next year will be just getting our pipeline open. And a lot of these are really good retailers with really good stores, and it takes time to build them and open them. So that will be our challenge. That will be our primary challenge to reach next year's to get back to '19 levels. But I'm hopeful that we can do it, and we are pushing very hard to do that, which is, I think, pretty much ahead of schedule. It's a very fair and good question to ask that because I ask that every single day. So you and I are on the same page. On the pipe.
Brian McDade: Yes, Floris, this is Brian. We're still running about 200 basis points. We've added stuff and we've taken stuff out as we opened, but we're running around 200 basis points consistently.
Floris Van Dijkum: In the malls and the outlets relatively unchanged?
Brian McDade: Yes. Very consistent.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Craig Mailman of Citi. Please go ahead.
Nick Joseph: This is Nick Joseph here with Craig. Just on the Jamestown strategic partnership. What was the price and valuation for the deal? And then do you expect to move more into asset management? And if so, how large could that platform become?
David Simon: The first part was what? How big would the -- what I'm not sure. When did you -- you broke up there.
Tom Ward: Can you repeat your question?
Nick Joseph: For the Jamestown deal.
David Simon: Yes -- we're not disclosing the private company, and we both chose not to disclose it. So I think you asked the size of the deal. I'm sorry, Craig, you're breaking up some. I'm guessing that's what you've asked. They manage roughly $13 billion of assets across their various funds. And we are hopeful that over time, it's not just quantity, but there is quality involved, but there's no reason why we can't turn that into one of the bigger asset management players with their expertise and our expertise combined, their reputation and our reputation combined, we think it will be an attractive platform to raise additional funds to invest in real estate. And I am hopeful that we can more than double it. I'm not going to put a number out there, but we didn't do it to be flat. We did it because we expect to grow their assets under management. And given the existing size, we think we can grow it with time pretty significantly.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Mueller of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi David, on your comment about wildly positive leasing spreads, I guess, how recent of a dynamic is that where you would, I guess, describe them as being wildly positive?
David Simon: I would say it really started at the beginning of this year. So look, we -- again, spreads -- ultimately, you see it in our minimum base rent growth. So -- but that's a huge -- that's everything. So it takes time. But if you -- and again, we want you to focus on cash flow growth as opposed to spreads. But if we were to track comparable space, space leases to same space, it would be wildly positive, more than the $6 per foot that I mentioned. But we don't then we don't want you to like be obsessed with that either. So, we're trying just to focus everyone on occupancy, minimum rent growth, we've outlined kind of where we get the variable income where we get our contractual income. It's all in the 8-K, and it all manifests itself in the NOI. And that's what we want you to focus on. But if you were to take the subset, which is space for space that's like it's pretty damn impressive. And our renewals are positive overall. And so that's changed. That you're right, over the last certainly in COVID we got -- those renewals were tough that happened to show up during COVID. But I am happy to report renewals generally and new deals with ending space and new space is wildly positive and that's manifesting itself in our comp NOI growth. Then you add that to the pipeline, and that's why we feel good about next year. But unfortunately, the only negative next year will be getting stores open and getting this 200 basis point type open and operate. And that takes time because the retailers that we're doing business with want to have the proper looking, they want to have a proper look in store. But we are very pleased to see the spread story change.
Michael Mueller: Okay, thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Great. Thank you. Will Simon's total investment in redevelopments and developments grow in 2023 or might macro events like a potential recession cause a pause in new projects?
David Simon: Yes. That's a good question, Chris. Right now, we think the -- if we do run into a recession, actually, from the standpoint of new projects, actually, we see a slight benefit. They sound counterintuitive, but construction pricing for new projects is higher than what we want to see. So I'm hopeful that any slowdown will demonstrate will reduce cost of new construction, which we will then want to like move forward more aggressively. So it's kind of counterintuitive. But again, I'm not looking forward. I don't want to recession. I hope there's not a recession, but from the standpoint of redevelopment and new development, we actually -- the counter cyclicality of cost of construction may actually be one of the side benefits that we can take advantage of.
Operator: Our next question is from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. I was just looking at the lease income disclosed in the supplemental for the consolidated properties. And it seems like that was up 60 basis points year-over-year, but your domestic NOI was up 2.3%. So I'm just -- and at the same time, it was  that lease income was down modestly sequentially. So just hoping for a little bit more of an explanation, I guess, or tying to lose sense as to the difference between the lease income and then the NOI reported? And is it cost controls or any other kind of unusual items that kind of drove that disparity between the lease income growth and of course NOI?
David Simon: Yes. I think you had less -- we had a reduction in overage rent, right, would be one of the reasons. So that's another trend. Juan, don't forget, we mentioned that we took a charge for the legal write-off and to reduce that line item as well in the current quarter. And then we do have certainly cost containment, as you can see through the P&L. So all of that mixed together drove the levers to higher NOI growth.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg McGinniss of Scotiabank.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good morning. If you could just please touch on the reduction in overage rent again and how much of that is driven by, one, reduced sales despite kind of tenant sales being up 14% year-over-year? And then otherwise, the conversion of pandemic leases back to fixed and then maybe how much more of that kind of conversion we expect to see this year and into next year?
David Simon: Well, we -- look, I mean strategy-wise, we always try to convert our overage rent into minimum rent. So you -- certainly, some reduction is associated with it. And then usually '21, obviously, on sales was pretty strong. And in certain cases, percent rent where we -- it's not so much the overage say, the percent of rent, we have some tenants that are just purely percent rent. They've had slower sales since '21, and that's showing up in the numbers. But -- we're still very pleased with the results. So I think those are kind of the big picture. We'll continue to reduce percent in overage rent as leases roll over. On the other hand, our sales are rising and the retailers focused on the higher-income consumer continue to spend, and that's good for us as it shows up in our cash flow.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Goldsmith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. The domestic property NOI increased 2.3% in the quarter. The portfolio increased 3.2%. That's a deceleration from last quarter about 130, 140 basis points, but it sounds like there's an offset of 100 basis points from the Regal write-off. So maybe like a 30 to 40 basis point slowdown. So from the last quarter, so I guess -- the question is, is this like the right rate of portfolio NOI growth that we should expect kind of going forward? Or is there an expectation that things kind of continue to moderate from here?
David Simon: Well, again, I wouldn't focus too much on quarter-over-quarter. There is volatility in our numbers because of overage rent and other factors, layoff like Regal, which is highly unusual that it would manifest itself in a material number, but it's important to point out. So look, I think you have to go back to the beginning of the year where we thought because '21 was a really banner year, and we were very conservative in our comp NOI estimate of 2%. We're blowing through that number. We'll see what the fourth quarter brings. But it's -- our comp NOI growth is going to be really strong, and we continue to expect it to grow next year as well. So you've got to look at this over 2- or 3-year period as opposed to quarter-over-quarter or even year-over-year. And we're making a tremendous amount of progress a number we were one of the few industries that were literally mandated the shutdown, and we're kind of back up and running and producing results that are pre-pandemic, which is very good to see. And we'll expect to see comp NOI growth next year even in the face of a potential recession.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much. Good luck in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Tsai of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi, good morning. In terms of the write-off from Regal, is this for all your Regals? And are they rent reductions or rejected leases?
David Simon: This is all of our Regal. We took a reserve against outstanding receivables.
Linda Tsai: So what would happen -- it's still going to operate as Regal or ...
David Simon: Well, we don't know. I mean you're in bankruptcy, we -- my guess is they'll come out of bankruptcy as it's an ongoing business, but we have to wait and see. I'm sure they're going to restructure the debt. We're experts in understanding bankruptcies, but I would imagine they'll reward and some of this may come back as its pre-petitioned. So in order for them to assume a lease. They have to clear up to the pre-petition rent. So it gets very technical and complicated. There's trade-offs, we'll just have to see how it goes through bankruptcy at this point. And -- but I expect them to continue to operate. There could be a couple of theater closures in our portfolio. Some of that will be fine. And -- but we have yet to have a -- I think their debt and financing is, I think, just about approved or was approved. So it's going to go through a process that we've -- we have seen hundreds of times.
Operator: Next question is from Ki Bin Kim of Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning. So just want to go back to your comments about the lease spreads looking pretty positive this quarter. If you take a step back to look at and look at it on a kind of net economic basis, meaning regardless of is it minimum rent or income from percentage deals, as you're signing new deals, how does the net economic benefit look like versus the comments you made about the lease spread looking positive? And what do you think that looks like going forward?
Tom Ward: Stephen, can you repeat your question? You are breaking up a little bit.
Ki Bin Kim: Sure.
David Simon: Yes. It was really, sorry [indiscernible].
Ki Bin Kim: Yes. Is this better?
David Simon: Yes. Thank you. Yes.
Ki Bin Kim: Yes. So just talking about the lease spreads, you guys mentioned that the spreads were pretty positive this quarter. I'm just curious about the net economic impact of the renewals or new leases meaning as you convert some of the percentage deals into fixed, is the net economic benefit you're getting as good as the comments you made about spreads looking pretty positive?
David Simon: Well, sure. I mean it's -- yes, because we obviously take into account our existing income stream from that space, which includes if we have average 1% rent. And we're -- we look at it in totality but we expect the total income stream to go up. And coding tends to be minimum rent increase and some assumption on overage. That's why rent spreads are kind of whatever you -- whatever you want it to be. That's why we chose not to do it. So as an example, our -- when we disclosed it historically, we included everything. We had minimum rent against minimum rent. We did not factor in overage. Well, Taubman as an example, when they did their rent spreads, they included some assumption on overage. Well, when they disclosed it to their rent spreads, is that beneficial or not beneficial. I mean, to the -- so to me, it's like, hey, it all shows up in cash flow man, so you see the cash flow, see the NOI. So, that's why you guys be very careful with rent spreads. That's why they're more manufactured than they should be. They're in some cases, take assumptions and whether you want assumptions or not, we'd rather not have assumptions. So we just say, here's the math. Minimum right, you see our overage, see the NOI next question. So -- but when we look at our -- when we go lease space by space. We're looking at the total income stream before and after the renewal or in the case of a new tenant to see whether we're going up or down or it's flat. And what I'm telling you is the trend is up pretty straightforwardly.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Great. And you guys mentioned that the lease percentage for your portfolio is about 200 basis points higher than that 94.5. I'm just curious if you look at the forward leasing pipeline of new deals that you're looking at as we head into next year, what does that picture look like compared to maybe a couple of quarters ago? And tied to that, I also noticed your 2023 lease expirations didn't really budge all that much quarter-over-quarter. Just like any kind of preliminary thoughts on that role?
David Simon: Yes. The stuff out there, we're very close to some of the larger accounts just takes time to do renewals, paper and all that stuff. So that's all moving not no real concerns there. Go ahead, Brian.
Brian McDade: And Ki, you said there about the 200 basis points. Let me just clarify. That is included within the current occupancy level. It is space in the leasing that has been done but hasn't commenced paying rent. So that is next year effectively will be partially next year's growth.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question is from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Good morning. I have a question, a follow-up for you on the leasing. The occupancy is up 170 basis points year-over-year, but your lease income is only up about 60 basis points. My question is, when are we going to see the impact of that that occupancy gain. Is that part of the cautious optimism embedded in your thinking for next year and your hopes for getting back to 2019 at levels or that be more of a full year '24 impact?
David Simon: Well, I think you've seen it, and you'll continue to see it. So our comp NOI growth the first 9 months is 4.4%. So you've seen it for the first 9 months, 4.4% growth. And then as Brian mentioned earlier, and I have mentioned throughout the call, is we had this other pipeline that's basically leases that will open and start paying commencing rent in 2023. And that's why we're positive about the feeling that we'll continue to have future comp NOI growth for next year, even in the face of potential recessionary environment, okay?
Haendel St. Juste: Fair enough. And I guess as a follow-on to that, if we assume expenses have to go up given what's going on with inflation and operating expenses, personnel, is it your expectation that you can grow NOI between the fourth quarter year and middle of next year?
David Simon: Absolutely. That's what I -- yes, we said we expect comp NOI growth next year. And obviously, that includes the expense side as well.
Haendel St. Juste: Right, right. I was thinking more than 6 months. But nevertheless, one more if I could squeeze in for Brian. Maybe it's a bit follow-up, but the $600 million of unsecured maturing next June, bearing interest in 2 and 3 quarters. What's the early thinking there? And where do you think you could issue 10-year unsecured today?
Brian McDade: Sure. Look, we actively monitor markets at all times, and you've seen us numerous times react ahead of maturities or at maturity. So we would expect to continue to keep our pulse on the finger of the market. Unsecured today is approximately 6% for us.
Haendel St. Juste: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: All right. You can sneak in a few extra questions there. I think that was it on the question side. So thank you. It's a change of pace to it in the morning, but we did it in hopes that you got home early enough to trick or treat. And hopefully, you have a great Halloween. So thank you, and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Simon Property Group Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Tom Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Kyle, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this evening. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; also on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. A quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call this evening will be limited to 1 hour. [Operator Instructions] I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Thank you. Pleased to report our second quarter results. Second quarter funds from operations were $1.1 billion or $2.96 per share prior to a noncash unrealized loss of $0.05 from a mark-to-market and fair value of publicly held securities. Let me walk you through the big variances for this quarter compared to Q2 of 2021. Our domestic operations had an excellent quarter and contributed $0.13 of growth driven by higher rental income of $0.09, strong performance in Simon Brand Ventures and short-term leasing of $0.05. TRG contributed $0.04 of growth, and they were partially offset by higher operating costs of approximately $0.05. Our international operations posted strong results in the quarter and increased $0.10. Lower interest rate -- interest expense contributed $0.03, and these $0.26 of positive contributions were partially offset by the headwind from a strong U.S. dollar of $0.03 and a $0.19 lower contribution from our other platform investments, principally from JCPenney and a couple of brands within SPARC. These costs include --these included costs associated with JCPenney's launch of new brands, the recent Reebok transaction and the integration costs associated with that and a softening of sales from our value-oriented brands due to inflationary pressures on that consumer. We generated $1.2 billion in free cash flow in the quarter, which was $200 million higher than the first quarter of this year. And we have generated $2.2 billion for the first 6 months of the year. Domestic property NOI increased 3.6% year-over-year for the quarter and 5.6% for the first half of the year. Portfolio NOI, which includes our international properties, grew 4.6% for the quarter and 6.7% for the first 6 months. Occupancy at the end of the second quarter was 93.9%, an increase of 210 basis points and TRG was at 93.4%. The number of tenant terminations this year has been at record low levels. Average base rent increased -- average base minimum rent increased for the third quarter in a row and was at $54.58. Leasing momentum accelerated across our portfolio. We signed nearly 1,300 leases for more than 4 million square feet in the quarter, have signed over 2,200 leases for more than 7 million square feet through the first half of the year, and we have a significant number of leases in our pipeline. Nearly 40% of our total leasing activity in the first 6 months of the year has been new deal volume. This is up approximately 25% from last year. Retail sales continued. Mall sales volumes for the second quarter were up 7%. Our reported retailer sales per square foot reached another record in the second quarter at $746 per square foot for the malls and the outlets combined, which was an increase of 26%, $674 for the mills, a 29% increase. TRG was at $1,068 per square foot, a 35% increase. We began our national outlet shopping day, which was very successful from shoppers and participating retailers offering a timely first-of-its-kind power shopping experience. More than 3 million shoppers visited our premium outlets and mills over the shopping weekend. Feedback following the event has been tremendous from both our retailers and consumers. We're already planning next year's event, which we expect to be bigger. So please stay tuned on that. Our occupancy cost at the end of the quarter are the lowest they've been in 7 years, 12.1% in Q2 of 2022. Now our other platform of investments, let's talk about it. We were pleased with the results of our investments in the platform for the second quarter. They contributed approximately $0.21 in FFO, even though we were down from last year's terrific results, primarily, as I mentioned, continued investment and the inflationary pressures that have developed. Based on our distributions -- based upon our cash distributions received, we have no cash equity investment in SPARC and JCPenney. And in fact, we have parlayed our SPARC investment into our investment in ABG that is now worth over $1 billion. There will be a little more volatility from quarter-to-quarter when it comes to SPARC and JCPenney, but please keep in -- this in the proper perspective. It's all upside from here. During the quarter, we also, as I mentioned, had our mark on our SoHo and Lifetime Holdings of $0.05. A reminder on that it's a noncash mark, and we would expect that those companies would bounce back. We completed the refinancing of 14 property mortgages during the first half of the year for a total of $1.6 billion at an average interest rate of 3.75%. We reduced our share of total indebtedness by more than $650 million. And once again, our balance sheet is strong. We had $8.5 billion of liquidity. $8.5 billion. Today, we announced our dividend of $1.75 per share for the third quarter, a year-over-year increase of 17%. This will be payable at the end of the third quarter, September 30. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.4 million shares of our common stock for $144 million. And let me point out while other companies in our sector are paying little or no dividends and issuing equity, we are repeatedly raising our dividend and buying our stock back. We have now returned more than $37 billion of capital to our shareholders since we've been public. $37 billion. Given our current view of the remainder of the year, we are increasing our full year 2022 comparable FFO guidance from $11.60 to $11.75 per share to the new range of $11.70 to $11.77 per share, which compares to a comparable number of last year of $11.44 per share. This is an increase of $0.10 at the bottom end of the range and $0.06 at the midpoint of the range. The guidance comes in the face, obviously, of a strong U.S. dollar, rising interest rates and the inflationary pressures that are out there in the marketplace. So let me conclude. I'm pleased with our second quarter results. Our business is strong. The higher income consumer is in good shape, brick-and-mortar stores are where the shoppers want to be, outpacing e-commerce across the world and the broad retail spectrum. Demand for our space is extremely strong. Worldwide retailers need to grow, and they're doubling down on the U.S. International tourism is returning. Domestic tourism is strong. Our redevelopment pipeline is growing with exciting projects. And in addition to our newly announced premium outlet, new developments and expansions, we are experienced at managing our business through volatile periods, including leveraging our existing platform for operating efficiencies, allocating capital appropriately, managing risks. We are not over our skis in any aspect of our business. I encourage you to look at our track record. We outperform in these kinds of periods, and we also do some of our best work as well. So thank you, operator. We're ready for any questions at this moment.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Craig Mailman with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Bilerman: It's actually Michael Bilerman here with Craig. David, I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about sort of that inflationary pressure that's on the retailers that you're starting to experience first-hand and obviously, your knowledge base of the retailer environment is significant. But now actually being on both sides, what can you do as a landlord to help your tenants through this period of time where they are dealing with a lot of inflationary pressures and more inventory because arguably, I know from a landlord perspective, you want your rent to inflate and that just makes matters worse. So can you just talk a little bit about the things that you can do to take share and really leverage what you're learning on the retailer side for the benefit of shareholders?
David Simon: Well, thank you, Michael, for that question. So look, we're not presumptuous to tell any retailer under any circumstance how to run their business. So it's really entirely up to them on how they see fit, how to manage inventory et cetera. And just our own experience within SPARC, we have several brands. And we did see some softness in the more value-oriented brands. And again, we do think that pressure on the consumer with respect to food, housing, obviously, gas, and they reined it in. But again, I think the important thing to keep in mind, Michael, is even with that said, we were profitable. We had an unbelievably strong year last year with Penney and SPARC. We're still projecting really high EBITDA growth for these companies. And even though they're -- obviously, their consumers being cautious, back-to-school so far is off to a good start. Our traffic is actually pretty good. And I think just from our own operating experience, the SPARC management team and the Penney, I think, do what a lot of retailers do. They rein in discretionary capital. They watch the overhead. They really don't close stores because stores are profitable to them. They watch marketing expenses that -- they're very focused on the payback when it comes to return on investment [Indiscernible] digital spending. So I think the JCPenney and SPARC team will do kind of similar to what others, but we would never tell a retailer what they should do. If they want to compare notes, we're happy to do that, but that's just not our style. And again,-- and we try to -- it's really important. This other business that we're in is not our -- it's a very small part of our business. It's under 10% at the end of the day. We have no cash adjustment in it. So I've got -- I'm just talking cash-on-cash return, let's go simple math. I've taken distributions, cash distributions in both SPARC and Penney that basically has me at a zero net investment. And it will -- they'll have volatility with the earnings like any other retailer, and that's just the way of the world. And it's all upside, frankly. And these businesses are importantly, and this is very important, they're very well positioned. They're very well positioned to weather if this continues, which we kind of expected to. They're very well positioned to weather any storm because as a simple example, JCPenney has $1.3 billion of liquidity, just to throw that out there. So I hope that answers your question.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: David, a question on -- following up on the retailer platform income. The NOI this year was like $116 million in the year. Last year, it was $195 million. So is this some of the volatility that you're talking about? And just curious what drove that mark? And if I can do a footnote for a sort of quasi second question, you mentioned something about the value brands in your retailer platform, having trouble, but the other brands were doing well. Maybe just a little bit more comment on that.
David Simon: Yes. Look, Alex, it was $0.19 for the quarter. So we can spend a lot of time on it. But the reason I went through with you is because we have no cash investments in these businesses. So I'm happy to go through it, but let's put it in perspective, please. The point is -- yes. So let's just talk about SPARC. SPARC, Nautica, Brooks Brothers, Lucky did great, above budget. Eddie Bauer, above budget, so on. The only softness we really saw was a little bit in the team market at Arrow, a little bit in the fast fashion business in F21 and a little bit in JCPenney. We -- and we also -- as we told everyone at the beginning of the year, we had significant integration costs at SPARC with respect to the Reebok transaction. So that -- and obviously, that closed, and we saw some of that in the second quarter. So that's the status. Everything -- we also had a management change in F21, which we think will be for the better. That happened, I believe, at the beginning of the year. We've got our -- we also had our new CEO at Penney, which also happened last year. So they're absolutely greatly positioned. We've got all the confidence in the world and it's a retailer and there'll be ups and downs, $0.19 added $2.96, okay? That's the math and no investment -- no cash investment, okay? So I think I answered it, but if there's something you'd like me to dwell on more than I did, I'm happy to do. Well, I guess that's the one question, right? So it's over, right? Go ahead, Alex. I'll let you -- because I like you, go ahead. What else you got?
Alexander Goldfarb: Well, then I'll ask you one other question. You guys are always financially savvy and you buy back stock. I'm imagining that buying back debt is not attractive just given where your outstanding debt coupons are or has the disruptions in the debt markets giving you opportunity to buy certain pieces of paper?
David Simon: Well, we unencumbered -- the reason we have lower interest expense is because we unencumbered assets. We have that flexibility. So we don't like the mortgage market, unlike some others. We just write a check, and we -- that's why we have lower interest expense compared to last year, and I did the Q-over-Q because we can write a check and just unencumber it.
Brian McDade: At a lower cost.
David Simon: At a lower cost. So we look at that all the time. And that may not be buying debt back, but it's more or less the same thing. Ends in the same result.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: David, I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on the leasing pipeline. It was nice to see the occupancy up as much as it was from Q1 to Q2. But could you talk a little bit more about the pipeline, the types of tenants? And when you sort of look at the demand, if you sort of were to try and bifurcate the portfolio maybe by sales, I guess, how different is the demand for the really strong centers versus maybe centers in the middle and the lower end of the portfolio?
David Simon: Well, again, our lower end is just not -- just to get -- it's a good question because we don't put these numbers in, but our EBITDA weighted -- this excludes TRG, but our EBITDA weighted sales are $954 a foot. Our average base rent actually increased 70 basis points -- at 73, 41 versus 70, 287. So -- and that's what's driving our NOI, right, because it's the bigger properties. Look, it is across the board. It's also across the retail type. It's restaurants. It's entertainment. It's obviously the high-end folks, but it's a -- and I don't like naming retailers. Rick does, but bother me, and he's not here to do it. So -- but we have value-oriented retailers that are on very much aggressive opening program. So it really is across the board. Only the best properties get the high-end folks. We're seeing a big rebound in Vegas. Florida is on fire. California spying the sea legs. Westchester and Roseville Field are all coming back as the suburb. So Midwest has been stable. So we're seeing it across the board by retailer, by price point, by geography, by mix pretty much across the board. And -- so I mean I'm not -- it's not really granular and you probably wanted names. But -- and we have not seen, thankfully, even with the -- with what's going on in the world. We really haven't seen anyone back out of deals of note at all. And I said this last quarter, I said it this quarter in my prepared remarks. The U.S. is the -- let's hope the U.S., we don't screw it up. But the U.S. is the bastion of growth for the world compared to -- because we know China is with the way COVID is dealt with there, that's going to have ebbs and flows. And I think our economy is still pretty healthy. Consumers in good shape. I think the growth will continue in the U.S., and I think the future is bright here.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Kramer with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Kramer: I just wanted to drill in a little bit more on capital allocation. Obviously, raised the dividend here again was active on the buyback in the quarter in just a couple of months. Put out these kind of press releases as well about some of the kind of the new and renewed development projects. So I just wanted to kind of maybe hear you kind of maybe rank or just kind of discuss the different options for capital allocation here. And I know external growth is always maybe an option as well. You talked about it last quarter, but maybe if you could just kind of rank the different options here with your capital and excess free cash flow.
David Simon: Well, look, as a REIT, it will always be the dividend. So that would -- I mean, it's hard to rank it. But I think clearly, the dividend we have to pay out 90% to 95% of our taxable income. There's a difference to you pay out 90% technically versus 95%. But you got to pay out 95% of our taxable income. We're fortunate to be highly -- we had taxable income. So we pay out close to -- we're at 100% of our taxable income. That's growing. So that's going to be paid out in cash. Obviously, we've modified that twice in our history. One was COVID, obviously, when we were shut down and two was in The Great Recession. So that always will rank number one. Two is we -- our stock is just -- we look at other REITs. We look at other S&P 500 companies. We look at our balance sheet. We look at the fact that we're a cash flow company that generates cash, return on equity, we make deals like SPARC that gets all our money back, and we have free cash flow. We can't figure out our value. So the reality is the market -- we have refuted e-commerce, taking the malls down. We have still COVID. Our business is strong, growing in the enclosed mall business. In the enclosed mall business is strong, yet we have naysayers out there that don't believe it, but we believe it. So our stock is cheap, and we're going to keep buying stock back. And then I think we have a duty to make our properties as efficient and as attractive as we can to the consumer. I mean, obviously, we have to do it with a remind -- we had to do it with a return on investment methodology, i.e., if we had a property and we spent all this money on and got no return, we wouldn't do it. But where we can do that, that's what we should do and we will do that and then the external stuff I don't really care about. And if it's there and it makes sense, we'll do it. We have the flexibility to do it. But I'd rather do the dividend, buy our ridiculously cheap stock back, make our existing portfolio better and then every once in a while, we'll have great new development to do they'll do it because that also is a core competency of ours that we'll do. And that's how I look at it.
Operator: Our next question is from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Johnston: Yes. So on real estate, Phipps Plaza, slated for an October open or relaunch, let's say. So David, I believe you took roughly a and NOI offline to develop. So upon stabilization, what NOI contribution from this project is expected? And really, should we look at this as one of the key earnings accretion blueprints looking ahead with other mixed projects?
David Simon: Yes. Thank you. I'm happy to talk on real estate. And look, I mean, Phipps is fantastic story because we took an old department store. It had was an underperformer, had 14 acres. We couldn't redevelop it. We're going to spend around $350 million, and we're going to get about a $35 million of NOI just on that. But more importantly -- well, I shouldn't say more importantly, in addition to that, -- and eventually, we'll show everybody what we did, but we -- the leasing momentum that we have created there in terms of retenanting, re-leasing Phipps is staggering. So Phipps, again, we don't really disclose that. But my guess is the existing property will increase by roughly 30% NOI when we're done with it, if not more without that -- not including the incremental that's what I just mentioned. But because of all the retenanting and more importantly, we will have all of the best brands when we're done with it, and that's ongoing. That won't all be done probably until '24 because some of the other existing retailers have leases, and they're coming over after that. But we're taking a quiet mall and making it -- and it's going to be, I think, the hub of activity in a great area in Buckhead and a lot of good stuff is happening in Atlantic at the same time. But yes, the simple answer to your question is I would hope to do that in Brea, Ross Park, go down the list. But yes, we have a ton of those opportunities and the mixed use -- most of our real estate is really well located and adding the mixed-use components, especially residential really does add a lot of synergy, a lot of mojo of the property. So we hope for that to continue.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Greg McGinniss: David, hopefully, easy two-part for you. But how is the broader economic environment adjusted the process for adding projects to development pipeline, then how it increases in construction costs and labor shortages impacted pipeline returns and time lines?
David Simon: Let me talk time lines. The only -- the biggest issue that we're having on time lines is in what I call in the restaurant industry in that some of the equipment required to open restaurants does have a backlog. This -- the storefront improvement is increasing. Obviously, tenants are very, very focused on that, not affecting timing, but it is something that we're watching has not affected deal flow or deal economics. And I do think the good news when it comes to at least materials, we are at a lower level than we were a few months ago. So on a timing side, it's really just equipment for restaurants. On our return development, nothing -- yes, we have a little bit more here and there, but nothing that is going to ultimately decide to go from a go project to a negative. If anything, in a lot of these cases, we're planning on higher income, so they seem to be getting basically the same returns. But we're not -- nothing has changed dramatically that would suddenly scratch the project.
Greg McGinniss: If I could just add just real quick to that. What about now that you have a lower priced stock to investment in the stock versus redevelopment expense side
David Simon: I think we can do both. I think we -- and again, I mean, some of these things, we really want folks to focus on others in our sector. When you put us in perspective, we're buying stock back. We're not issuing equity, and we're raising our dividend. I don't -- there are very few and you can define the sector anyway you want, and I don't want -- but there's not many -- we're just built a little bit differently even though we may be in the same industry, we were built differently, okay. And so that's the important point, and that's why we really try to emphasize it much like we emphasize SPARC about some of the mathematical differences about our company beyond just we're in the same business. It is math. At the end of the day, you got to run your business, so the math works. But yes, I'd like buying our stock back. But like I said, I do think we have a duty to continue to invest in our portfolio as long as we see the right return on investment on that.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Mueller: The year-over-year ABR per square foot looks pretty strong at about up 5%. Is there anything out of the ordinary driving that?
David Simon: No, I just think we've worked well together and the portfolio is in great shape and driving -- and we're driving growth out of it collectively. So it's all good.
Operator: Our next question is from Floris Gerbrand Van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
Floris Gerbrand Van Dijkum: Last quarter, you indicated that your signed not open pipeline was around 200 basis points, I believe, and it was a little bit higher in the malls than the outlets. I was curious if you can give an update on that. And also maybe, David, you've got these retailers. Are you -- everybody has been talking about a glut of inventory, will you create outlet stores for some of your retailers? And where else are you seeing some of the demand for the outlets coming from? Is there more luxury potentially that's coming to the outlets or homewares? Or where -- what other segments do you think will expand into the outlet business?
David Simon: I'll let Brian answer the -- it was very clever to get two questions. I'll let Brian answer the first, and then I'll take a shot at the second part.
Brian McDade: Floris, we're still hovering right around 200 basis points in the second quarter.
David Simon: And then I would say -- the big, big retailers had a glut of inventory. We -- the luxury guys do not have a glut of inventory, okay? So that's not happening. And to the extent that -- the SPARC brands, by and large, are already in a lot of outlets, some of ours. A lot or not ours. There's really no change in plan. Maybe there's been a few -- some of the brands, not just SPARC but elsewhere had a few pop-ups. But net ebbs and flows, I don't think, Floris, there's any interesting dynamic going on that. And there's not a lot of folks with a glut of inventory as far as I can see, I mean, obviously, some bigger folks. But most of those guys want to plug through their existing system, and there is no -- the higher-end folks, there's no glut of inventory that we see.
Operator: Our next question is from Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Could you drill down a little more on sales trends during the quarter? Did sales start to slow down at all in the back half of the quarter as inflation accelerated and recession period increased?
David Simon: No. No, not really. So it was -- I mean, not really. We didn't really -- in fact, in July, in a lot of cases, we saw a little bit better results recently. So no real trend there, Vince.
Vince Tibone: That's good to hear. That's helpful. And then just maybe 1 follow-up to that. Are you seeing any difference in tenant sales performance between the higher end and luxury tenants versus the more three brands, presumably the latter would be more impacted by the inflation issues?
David Simon: I would absolutely -- we definitely have seen that where the value-oriented retailers or -- there's no question the consumer that is pressed on discretionary income is dealing with a very difficult situation with food, obviously, gas and dwelling. So -- and they're reining in their spend. So there's no question about that. But we're -- but we haven't really seen that at all in kind of the better brands. And like I mentioned earlier, SPARC, like the Brooks Brothers, the luckies of the world are doing very well. But where you do see it a little bit is in the value-oriented retailer or the younger consumer that suddenly gas has taken a lot out of the pocket book.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt: Domestic same-store NOI was up 3.6% compared to 7.5%. It looks like a lot of it was due to the tougher comps in second quarter. And in that case, it seems like the comps only get more difficult third and fourth quarter. Is that why the same-store number might actually be going down for the second half of the year? Or is it the macro factors?
David Simon: No. I mean, Craig, we were really clear. We're actually outperforming what we thought. We -- Q1 of last year had the big benefit of going up against COVID, right? So now we were really, really clear what we saw overall, and we've been outperforming. And I think we'll outperform our initial guidance of 2%, but that's nothing other than that or normal seasonality of the business, Craig. Yes. I mean this is better than our plan and is consistent with our plan, even though the trend is above our plan.
Craig Schmidt: So your leasing year-to-date, if you will, is strong enough that you think that -- has it continued in July? And do you think you could continue despite some of the macro factors?
David Simon: Well, I've said that several times. Yes, the answer is we have not -- our pipeline is as strong as it's been. We're doing a bunch of new deals. Now Craig, you know when you sign a lease, the store doesn't open tomorrow in a lot of cases. And this is really, really important for everyone to understand, we're very optimistic because a lot of the leasing that we've done really doesn't open until '23, '24. So not only are we outperforming our budget this year off a strong last year, but we actually feel really good that as we get these stores open that we leased to over the last 6, 9 months. That will continue to fuel positive comp NOI. Thank you, Craig.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: On the guidance, the low end of the range has come up, the high end relatively flat at a time when you're seeing softening of sales at your lower income brand. So my question is, what's implied for the performance of the base business in the second half kind of relative to what you saw in the domestic and international operations in the second quarter? Maybe said another way, how sensitive is your performance to the macro environment? And what's the outlook for percentage rents?
David Simon: Well, it's a very -- look, I think we feel really positive about the portfolio, the results that will generate from the portfolio. And again, the higher income consumer is still spending money. And if anything, I think if you go back in history and actually, Tom did a very good piece on that. If any of you're interested, you can call Tom. He'll go through it with you. Our business and our industry actually tends to outperform during recessionary environments to the extent that we get there and maybe we're in one, maybe we're not, I'll stay out of that political definition primarily because the big ticket items suddenly go toward kind of what we sell at our product. So -- and that's kind of somewhat of an insurance policy and it's historically always proved to be very positive. So even in every recession, other than COVID when we were told to shut down, our cash flow from our properties was flat. It did not decrease. So Tom has a great paper on it. If you're interested, we'll charge you, but we'll give you the data. I think the same case will be here. We'll -- if we do get into a full-blown recession, our cash flow will be positive. It won't maybe grow is high. We'll have some exposure on sales, but we do see the big tickets kind of go away and they move toward the items that we sell in our properties. And again, I think you asked something about SPARC -- again, it's really just a couple of the brands. It's also going against a great year. And again, let's have a bigger picture view of that business.
Operator: Our next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Juan Sanabria: Just wanted to ask with regards to the month-to-month leases that are still on the books are a little bit higher than the historical average. Should we expect that to stay there? Or are you still comfortable kind of for higher rents? Or how are you thinking current context?
David Simon: Yes. I think that's more a function of documentation than dealmaking in that we don't put that done until signed and a lot of our bigger renewals have been done over the last 2, 3, 4 months, and all that's being documented. So I would expect that, that number would continue to go down, but we have no fear in that number.
Operator: Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Dave, I guess a question on -- a follow-up on the seasonality of NOI in the first half of this year. Second quarter NOI was lower than the first quarter based on supplemental in both periods, which is unusual. How are operating expenses impacting typical seasonality? And what's embedded in the profit this year?
David Simon: Yes. We didn't gather your first question. Could you please repeat it?
Haendel St. Juste: First question on the impact of seasonality and the sequential NOI for 1Q to 2Q. 2Q looked lower than 1Q, which is unusual. And so I was actually asking how operating income
David Simon: I think -- I don't -- see, I don't think the NOI was lower quarter over -- sequentially quarter-over-quarter. You think -- we do have a lot of companies hit in overage rent in the first quarter because their leases end in January 31. And so you pick some of that up in Q1, but that's not -- that would be the only reason.
Haendel St. Juste: And on OpEx, any color on how the impacting seasonality or perhaps what's your expectation embedded in the 2% in sort of mentioned
David Simon: Again, I'm sorry, but your connection is really not so good.
Brian McDade: We're not really seeing much inflation just yet in operating expenses. As you think about us, we've got long-term contracts that protect us from material increases.
David Simon: And we did increase our operating expenses $0.05. We did have a negative $0.05 for the quarter there.
Operator: Our next question is from Ki Bin Kim with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question
Ki Bin Kim: Just a follow-up on Haendel's question. Your NOI from Klepierre and HBS also increased pretty significantly in 2Q over Q1. Also curious about how much of that is sustainable in a run rate perspective or if there's some onetime items?
David Simon: Well, no. Klepierre was shut down last quarter. So this is kind of more -- I mean, last year this quarter. So this is -- they're still not firing on all cylinders, so we'd expect future growth here. So comparing to Q2 of '21 compared to Q2 of '22, Q2 of '21, they were under a lot of restrictions and in some places closed. And HBS is so small. It's insignificant. But there's no real change there. We -- it's a lease that pays a certain amount of rent every month. So it's -- there's no very little growth other than like the normal step-ups. Very small, but the change is.
Ki Bin Kim: I actually meant sequentially. That sequentially -- I actually meant that sequentially, it increased by, I think, $10 million as well.
David Simon: Well, we did a restructuring. So that's part of it.
Brian McDade: And they're doing better, quite honestly. They're announced results in strong results. So I think you're seeing that starting to come through our results as well.
Ki Bin Kim: And I'm not sure if I missed it or not, but any kind of commentary you can share on what the lease spreads look like in 2Q? And given that you're close to 94% occupancy, as you continue to increase in that, what kind of pricing power do you expect to gain when you start to reach 95% or 96% occupancy?
David Simon: Well, rents are all moving in the right direction and our spreads are moving in the right direction, too.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: On the guidance, original guidance was domestic NOI of 2% growth and year-to-date, it's 5.6%. So is there any update to the 2%?
David Simon: As we've said for several years, we do not update that. We give you our best guess at the beginning of the year. It's all part of our plan. We disclosed what we think the number is. Well, we do not update it quarter-to-quarter other than as we've said, we're pretty confident we're going to beat our initial expectations.
Linda Tsai: And then can you talk about what you're most focused on from an ESG perspective in 2022? And what are some initiatives where we might see some progress?
David Simon: Well, we -- I mean that's a -- I don't have enough time to go through it. But obviously, we're -- it's across the enterprise. And obviously, from an operating point of view, a lot of it continues to be focused on reducing our carbon footprint, but -- and giving back to the communities, which we do in a lot of different ways. But it's a -- that's a very long. Please read our report. If you don't have it, there's a link, I'm sure, Tom can give it to you. But it's certainly focused on -- the big item is focusing on reducing our carbon footprint.
Operator: We have reached at the end of the question-and-answer session. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. David Simon for closing remarks.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you. I believe that's our allotted time. So thanks for everybody's questions. And any follow-up, please call Tom and Brian. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Simon Property Group First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Peter. And thank you all for joining us this evening. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Also on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. A quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of todays date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call this evening will be limited to one hour. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question. Im pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Im pleased to report our first quarter results. First quarter funds from operations were $1.046 billion or $2.78 per share prior to a non-cash unrealized loss of $0.08 from a mark-to-market in fair value of publicly held securities. Our domestic operations had an excellent quarter. Our international operations posted strong results in the quarter, despite being negatively impacted from the surging U.S. dollar. We are also very pleased with the results from our other platform investments. We generated $1 billion in free cash flow in the quarter, an increase of 10% compared to the prior year period. Domestic property NOI increased 7.5% year-over-year for the quarter and our international properties as I mentioned performed well, driving portfolio NOI growth to 8.8% occupancy at the end of the first quarter was 93.3%, an increase of 250 basis points compared to the prior year and a decrease of only 10 basis points compared to are seasonally high fourth quarter year-end of 2021. The number of tenant terminations in the first quarter was the lowest recorded in the last five years. And our TRG portfolio occupancy was 93.2% at quarter-end, average base minimum rent increased compared to the fourth quarter and was $54.14. Leasing momentum continued across the portfolio. We signed more than 900 leases for more than 3 million square feet in the quarter and had a significant number of leases in our pipeline. In fact, at our recent leasing deal committee, we approved the most deals since 2016 and overall, we recently have approved approximately 500 new deals representing 2 million square feet. Demand is very strong and interesting with the volatility of the world, our portfolio in the U.S. is in great demand from worldwide brands, restaurants, and entertainment operators, as most retailers and tenants view the U.S. as the place to be. Sales momentum continued for our retailers, mall sales volume for the first quarter were up 19% year-over-year, we reported retail sales per square foot reached another record in the first quarter at $734 per square foot, for the mall and outlet combined 43% increase and 669 per square foot for the Mills, which was a 50% increase. TRG reported 1,038 per square foot, which was a 52% year-over-year increase. Our occupancy cost is the lowest that weve had in seven years. We are pleased with the results of our other platform investments in the first quarter, including SPARC Group and J.C. Penney. J.C. Penneys liquidity position is strong at $1.3 billion and it has no borrowings on its line of credit and performed better than planned. I can say the same for SPARC, which also performed better than planned in the quarter. SPARC also completed the U.S. Reebok transaction, and we anticipate great things from this iconic brand. Remember we expect Reebok to incur operating losses for SPARC in 2022, due to the integration aspects of the transaction. SPARC financial position like Penney is strong with the recent refinancing of its ABL, and it is in fact, a net cash positive position. During the quarter, however, our investments in Soho House and Life Time Holdings, which both became public companies at the end of last year were impacted by overall market volatility, driving an $0.08 unrealized non-cash mark-to-market. These are high quality businesses that fit with our flywheel of unique companies, and we believe these investments will generate value above our bases as they fully reopen and reengage with their customers. On the balance sheet front, we completed very timely, a dual tranche U.S. senior notes offering that totaled $1.2 billion, including a 10-year fix rate offering at 2.65%. Early in the year, we used the net proceeds to pay off our amounts outstanding on our credit facility. We also refinanced seven mortgages for a total of $1.1 billion at an average interest rate of 2.92%. And our liquidity stands at $8 billion now. Today we announced our dividend of $1.70 per share for the second quarter, a year-over-year increase of 21%. The dividend will be payable on June 30, including our dividends declared today, we paid more than $37 billion in dividends over our years as a public company, $37 billion. We also announced today that our Board of Directors has authorized a new common stock repurchase program for up to $2 billion that will become effective on May 16. When we look at the valuation of our stock today at an FFO multiple of approximately 10 times relative to the historical valuations closer to 15 times, and an applied cap rate of around 7% for our real estate assets, we see substantial value in our stock, particularly given our belief and conviction in our future growth opportunities. Our balance sheet is strong, continues to be a significant advantage for us while our cash flow generation provides us with the flexibility to adapt as conditions warrant and as we have proved countless times. We will be thoughtful and opportunistic on the buyback and keep in mind, this is in addition to the more than 20% increase in our dividend we announced today. Now, given our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our full year 2022 comparable FFO guidance from $11.50 to $11.70 per share to $11.60 to $11.75 per share, which compares to our comparable number of $11.44 last year. This is an increase of $0.10 at the bottom end of the range and $0.05 at the top or an 8% increase at the midpoint. This does not include the previously mentioned unrealized loss or gain that may occur the rest of the year on our fair value of investments that I mentioned and please keep in mind that this guidance increase comes in the face of a strong U.S. dollar and rising interest rates. Now, just to conclude, Im pleased with our first quarter results. Tenant demand is excellent. And our real estate is a great hedge inflationary times, hopefully our operating results and our announced stock buyback authorization today reinforces that we are primarily focused internally and growing our existing platforms organically and I think that will conclude my comments. Ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi everyone, good evening. Maybe just on the guidance, I know you dont like to give too many of the pieces, but given the current volatility in the market and macro uncertainties, which may or may not be impacting Simon guidance was increased slightly at the midpoint. So I was wondering if you could give some detail on some of the puts and takes, whats performing ahead of your initial expectations versus what might be offsetting some of that upside surprise, maybe occupancy, leasing, retailer sales, interest rates, what everythings most relevant.
David Simon: Sure. I mean youre right. The reason Caitlin, we dont go through the detail is, we are a big company and theres a lot going on and we think its better for the market just to focus on in our totality of our results, but whats better is very simple. Our retail operations, which is our other retail properties is trending to be better than our plan. Thats number one. Most importantly, our property NOI growth is projecting to be better than plan. And the only negatives that are offsetting that are we have some exposure to floating rate debt. Were probably at the very, very low end of other real estate companies, but we do have some. But we dont have any commercial paper outstanding. We dont have any outstanding on our line except for $125 million, which is primarily for tax purposes. And then obviously the strong dollar, when we bring back our foreign earnings, we have to do it at a lower dollar that that has a more meaningful impact than the rising interest rate environment. But so far demand is really, really good. I dont want  were not  we dont pound the table here too much we do sometimes we get carried away, but demand is great. Our leasing folks are very excited and our property NOI is better than what we anticipated, obviously because of the COVID a lot of restructurings on the leases and because of our high end tenant concentration and the amount of sales that theyve had. I mean theres volatility in that I cannot pinpoint exactly where our sales will come out on that. And that will have some impact on ultimately our results, but we try to give you a range here that we feel very comfortable that we can produce.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Thanks to that. I think the suggestion or guide is one question, so Ill stop there.
David Simon: Youre very kind to follow the rules. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rich Hill: Hey, good evening. Ill try to follow Caitlins lead and follow the rules as well. Hey David, income from unconsolidated entities was a pretty healthy number this quarter, in the past 1Qs, its been slightly negative. We modeled it negative in the quarter to be conservative. So Im just maybe wondering if you can walk us through what your expectations were for income consolidated entities versus how it actually played out?
David Simon: Sure. Ill turn that over to Brian to walk you through actually put together, yes, a piece of paper there for you guys in the 8-K to walk you through that, because I know its not confusing to us, but it might be to you. So hopefully this will help. Brian, take it over.
Brian McDade: Hey, Hey Rich, Brian here. So we did add some additional disclosure to our supplement to breakdown our income from an unconsolidated entities. As you can see the driver of the changes, our joint venture activity on our property side, including the performance of our international portfolio, which David highlighted in open remarks. 
David Simon: And remember, international last year, really was suffering from more of a lockdown than the U.S. portfolio. Yes.
Rich Hill: Got it. And I am allowed to ask a follow-up question if I were to follow the rules?
David Simon: Sure. So if you did it so politely, yes, and youre gentlemen, were happy to hopefully  go ahead. Go ahead.
Rich Hill: Brian, Im sorry in advance of a to answer the dumb question, but the negative $18.5 million you reported for TRG, including amortization of excess investment. What is sort of that as a clean number and happy to take it offline, but Im actually just trying to back out how well TRG did this quarter prior  compared to prior quarters given the
Brian McDade: The $18 million was primarily from the excess investment of our  for the Tobin purchase. So this is net income, remember, Richard.
David Simon: Yes. So we have to  when you capture things, obviously, you put it to market value and then we amortize that investment over its life has nothing to do with cash flow.
Rich Hill: Okay. We can catch up later on Brian. Thank you.
Brian McDade: No problem.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Derek Johnston: Hey everyone. Thank you. Just, I guess, I get one on the retailer NOI contribution or I think its the NOI from other platform investments. It was $26 million this quarter in first Q. But when I look at it versus last year, the contribution was I think around $3.5 million. So just wondering if you could walk us through the drivers and maybe the Delta between this quarter and last year.
Brian McDade: Derek, the change is simply better performance out of our retailer investments in the first quarter of this year, relative to last year. There was still a lot of volatility still in the world. And there were definitely still closures throughout the U.S. specifically, California in the first quarter of last year. So the driver is just simply better performance out of the retailer investments.
David Simon: Its good news, by the way, just so you  I just dont want you to be confused. Its always good to have better performance. Thank you, Brian.
Brian McDade: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Okay. Yes, I just want to put it in perspective. Its good to have better performance. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Good evening, everybody. David, clearly the leasing environment is very strong. You talked about the 3 million square feet. But I was wondering if you could maybe provide color on sort of the pricing trends that youre seeing in the portfolio, whether its the outlets or the malls  or the mills. Thanks.
David Simon: Yes. I would say, generically that  look, when I say this and it sounds hokey, but you have to create the win-win. But we are in a better position today to negotiate what we think is a fair deal for us than we were the last couple years. So we are absolutely seen the ability to get what we think is fair market value. And the good news is given the occupancy cost, our retailers are  were getting deals done. So were finding that happy win-win.
Samir Khanal: Thanks, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good evening. So David, there was a fairly substantial increase in month-to-month leases, increasing from 1.9% to 5.4%. Just curious what the primary drivers there were and what the opportunity is for leasing those potentially to maybe longer-term leases?
David Simon: Well, I think what youre seeing is the fact that we have some big account leasing that we are not rushing to do, but doing it in a thoughtful manner, because we  these are really good properties and really important for the retailer and were taking our time to get that done. And thats really what youre seeing. So whereas  last year or the year before, you might have seen a rush to get those signed up and in the door, were taking a more strategic approach to create the kind of the win-win that I talked to, I mentioned earlier. So its really part of our strategy and itll  my anticipation without the question that number will be way down for Q2.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. So this is just a during negotiation phase increase, but no kind of expectation for loss of those tenants and more so all shifting to long-term leases.
David Simon: Absolutely not. And that was more of a decision on our side to get the right kind of deal that we have with some of our larger national accounts, so no issue there.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Haendel Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel Juste: Hey, good evening. Dave, I wanted to ask you about, I guess, capital allocation given where the stock price is. Now you put out the valuation discount. As you consider the debt market. I guess, would you buy back stock now? And then in the same answer, how are you thinking about acquisitions? There is rumor to be a very large seller out there, some pretty good malls. So just curious of under any scenario, would you be a buyer of some. Thanks?
David Simon: Sure. Well, as I said to you earlier, I mean, we got the authorization because we want to buy our stock back because we think its under-valued. So because of the technicalities we really cant get into the market until the 16. But this is not window dressing, I expect us to be in the market. And all I can say to you and I really dont like to comment on the stuck thats out there on M&A. But I would throw caution note to all that I would suggest that please dont believe any rumours or media reports concerning our M&A activity, okay. Were  we are very focused on what I said to you, see our  if you want to able to listen to my prepared remarks, youll see kind of what I said on that front were really, really focused internally. And obviously, given where the stock has performed over the last couple of months, I mean, we think its an opportunity to be opportunistic in terms of buying our stock back. So thats kind of  I mean, again, thats kind of how I look at things. So dont believe what you read or any rumours out there. Were really focused on growing our existing platforms and taking advantage of the opportunities that our lower stock price represents.
Haendel Juste: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Connor Mitchell with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Connor Mitchell: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So could you please tell us what percent of tenants are now on percent rent deals and how those tenants are performing in the current environment if different at all?
David Simon: I dont  I mean, every one of our retailers generally has a percent rent clause, not every single one of them. I mean, some of our big boxes and our department stores do not. But all of our small shop retailers usually have some kind of percent rent aspect to the weeks. So, thats a high percent, so thats number one. And number two, look so far, were in an uncertain environment as a global economy. But what I would say to you just general terms so far from the better, the higher income folks, we have not seen any kind of slowdown. There may be a little bit of slowdown on the lower income consumer obviously, unfortunately the inflation is a huge issue and we need to do everything we can to figure out as a world and in the country, figure out how to deal with the impact on inflation for the lower income consumer. But we are not  so far, were not seeing it in our portfolio.
Connor Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman: Great. Thank you. David, you talked a little bit about spending a lot of time internally, obviously leasing the portfolio. I was wondering if you can update us a little bit sort of on the external front, in terms of retailer investments or technologic  technology investments. I know you still have the SPAC out there, which obviously that markets gotten a little choppier. But just how much time and what sort of opportunities are coming out of this macro environment for you to further moving this tanker towards a lot of those activities that youve been planting the seeds for a number of years.
David Simon: I think Michael, our SPAC  we still have confidence in the SPAC. I mean, we have a clock running out. But we still have confidence that theres a really good chance the SPAC will find a good opportunity. And I think the opportunity set clearly has increased given the market volatility even with existing public companies. And we were smart enough to not do a deal probably at the time after we raised the SPAC that wouldve been at the market top. So hopefully our investors in that obviously recognize that. And remember, this is immaterial for Simon Property Group. But I want to say that. So on the external front, I mentioned to you earlier, right now, we are really focused internally. Now were investing in all of the platforms that we have in our existing portfolio. Lots of redevelopment is still on the drawing board. And were  SPARC is making investments in its technology, Penney will be making investments. Those come from those entities, we dont have to fund those. Theyre self-sustaining, Penney has hundreds of millions of dollars of EBITDA. So theyre funding themselves. But right now our focus is what I mentioned to you before. And look, if we see an interesting add on here or there, or bolt-on for one of our properties or one of our investments, maybe theres some capital allocation. But I think right now its capital allocation I see is either to the shareholders or to grow our existing book of business.
Michael Bilerman: David, just as a follow-up, just in terms of just understanding sort of the value to Simon and the value for shareholders of all these investments youve made. The Board back in, I think it was like mid-February, granted, I think it was about $36 million to five senior executives. And I think a little bit more to 18 others for the successful investment in ABG. Now, I recognize you havent made money, youve exchanged stakes, youve invested more capital. But maybe just to step back, can you sort of share a little bit, at least at the Simon group level, how much of these investments have made for which the Board then paid the cash out to executives?
David Simon: Well, I dont even know how to answer that, Michael. Im not going to talk about comp on this call. If you are an investor, would like to talk to our comp Chairman, were happy to arrange that for one of your investors directly. I think what youre referring to is, weve made $1 billion on our ABG investment. And that was kind of  we were moonlighting in that activity, and Ill leave it at that, but thanks for your question. And our Comp Committee Chair is available to any institutional investors and shareholders on the rationale for what they did, but well move on from now.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Yes. Weve just been  we got asked what the math was [indiscernible].
David Simon: Were  like I said, any institutional investor, were more than happy to set up a phone call with our Chair of our Comp Committee. Thank you, Michael.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please go ahead.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good afternoon. Domestic property NOI growth was up 7.5% in the first quarter, which implies youre expecting NOI growth to be only marginally positive for the remainder of the year based on the 2% NOI growth guidance you gave last quarter. Just given the contractual rent bumps and year-over-year occupancy gains that you should experience each quarter, what factors are negatively impacting the growth rate for the rest of the year?
David Simon: Well, I dont  again, we  its a completely appropriate question, and I thank you for that. We gave guidance, NOI guidance at the beginning of the year. We are always trying to be conservative, and we always hope to outperform it. We dont update it during the year. But I have confidence based upon what I know today, that well outperform our initial guidance. Obviously, we have a little more variability than maybe  and then again, I dont want to overdramatize this, but we have a little more variability than maybe we did 10 years ago, because of the overage rent that weve structured. I think weve actually structured it pretty smartly, but it does create a little more variability. And thats our only  thats the only thing thats out there to throw some caution to the wind. What we see now, we expect to outperform, but its  we dont update it and it is an uncertain world, but were working extremely smartly and diligently to outperform our initial property NOI expectations, without a doubt.
Vince Tibone: If I may just kind of squeeze in a follow-up. I mean just is it  how should we think about leasing economics here? Because you took away the disclosure on the leasing spreads or a few quarters ago, which I think made sense, given it was no longer really conveying a ton of useful information. But just  because I think what Im trying to get at is guidance implying that are releasing spreads could be negative or  like Im just trying to figure out what the pullback years of expense is, because I get the variability portion. But to your point, is that
David Simon: Yes, Im sorry, Vince, I didnt mean to cut you off. It really is  it really does boil down to the sales part of the equation. Its not  were seeing better rents than we anticipated. And we are seeing  look, if you Again, I dont want to get into this, and we tried to get everybody to do the spreads the way we did it. But no one was interested in really doing what we did. If you really read the footnotes, and I dont want to get into it, but its kind of  its comical what rent spreads are. Words are different, whatever. Its not really important. Point is, the way you really see it is what is our portfolio NOI. And that manifests itself with everything, operating expenses, sales-based rent, overage rent, et cetera, occupancy. Our rents are firming. Our  if you really would do like just space to space, our spreads are basically positive and because we went through a lot of pain in the last couple of years. And again, because the overage was really quite exciting last year. We just dont know if we can be as excited this year, and thats why were being a little cautious, but were off to a good start.
Vince Tibone: Thank you. Thats helpful. Additional color.
David Simon: Thank you , Vince.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Yes. Im curious, has your view on the pace or the magnitude of the occupancy recovery changed meaningfully thinking about for the next few years since the beginning of the year?
David Simon: I would say to you, if I understand your question, I think, we are really happy at the pace of our accelerating occupancy and clearly based upon last year, I think were ahead of where we thought we would be. And Im hoping that to get the occupancy up to kind of where we were prior to the COVID. So I think, were  and I mean demand again until the lease is signed, until its a piece of paper until I get that first month rent, it aint over until its over, but we feel pretty good. And like I mentioned in the call, I mean our terminations were at the lowest level theyve been in a long, long time and our deal committee, I think weve had a  we have a really good leasing group. Theyre energetic. Theyre grinding away. Theyre working. I mean, weve turned our leasing group kind of not over, but weve added a lot of new talent to the organization. And I think were in a pretty good spot, assuming, things are continue to be macro, continue to be reasonable. I dont think we need, last years results, but I just, and dont underestimate and Im rambling on here. But dont underestimate that our interest in our domestic portfolio is worldwide and as retailers or restaurant tours or entertainment operators, theyre not looking at China, South Americas a tough market for them, Europe is, its got the recovery play because of the COVID lockdown, but its relatively flat. And obviously you got the Ukraine issue, which is more there than here. And so the growth for the worldwide retailers is in the U.S. We were not at the top of mine three, four years ago. That was China. It is here, its happening domestic. So thats exciting.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. So it sounds like the past couple of months really hasnt derailed that at all?
David Simon: Not at all.
Mike Mueller: Okay. That was it. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi, good afternoon. How are you thinking about distribution channels for the various brands within your SPARC platform? Whats the best way to maximize the reach and visibility of these retailer investments?
David Simon: Well, they still love physical stores. I think if I  look, I think each brand is different. So with Arrow, its the physical stores and the e-commerce with Nautica its stores, but wholesale business is very important. Brooks Bothers is a combination of e-commerce, wholesale and stores. Forever 21, the stores are really important. Thats the big differentiating factor it has compared to some of its peers. On the other hand, it needs to improve via e-commerce business. So it really within SPARC, theres different brands and it really depends on the brand, but dont underestimate. And I think, what weve seen since COVID, I mean, lets not forget when we had COVID everybody said the stores are out of business, no stores, e-commerce, what were seeing is generally out performance, way out performance in the physical world, less performance on the internet or and thats not just for our brands, but across every, essentially every retailer.
Linda Tsai: And then how does JCPenney fit in there as a distribution channel?
David Simon: Well, I mean, they have their stores and their e-commerce business. I think the store business is doing well. And I think over time theyll improve their e-commerce.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Greg Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Greg Smith: Yes, thanks. David, what percent of expiring rents in 2022 have been addressed? And are you primarily working on 2023 at the ICSC leasing convention?
David Simon: Well, we would, again, I think you missed part of the earlier call. So Id say to you by the end of Q2, well, probably be in the 70%, 75% range of all of our leasing activity for 2022. And I would say we are doing a combination, at this point now youre really more focused on 2023 deals, but were doing a combination of finishing lease to get lease assigned this year, some may open, but a lot of them opened in for 2023. And then I think the primary focus on at ICSC will be a new business, 2023 business.
Greg Smith: Great. Thanks.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thanks for the time. Just wanted to talk a little bit about investment opportunities external. I know you said not to listen to whats out there in the press, but not withstanding. Do you see better opportunities or would Simon be more interested the real estate company investing more in high-quality malls? Or is the idea of maybe looking at shopping center real estate kind of interesting, given what weve seen in some of the changes with COVID and consumer behaviors?
David Simon: Well, thats the policy. I mean, I dont  I mean, our mall  outdoor versus indoor, our mall business is doing great. So I think thats  and I would say to you one, good real estate can be indoors. It could be outdoors. It could be hybrid, and they dont get carried away in the physical plan of great real estate. It could be a mixed use. It could be an outdoor center. It could be a big enclosed mall like Houston Galleria. So I know a lot of people spin it that way, but I will tell you, good retail real estate can come in a lot of different forms, a lot of different forms. So were not  were just  I cant really answer the question because theres not one project that were pursuing right now. And  like I said earlier, we think the opportunities  the greatest opportunities lie within Simon Property Group.
Juan Sanabria: And just if I can, a quick follow-up. You mentioned you think your cap rate  your implied cap rates around 7%. What do you think high-quality malls are valued at today, given the move in interest rates? And just curious what your thoughts are on valuations.
David Simon: Well, I mean I dont know. I mean I know I wouldnt be selling our stuff at a 7% cap rate. Thats all. I can only speak for myself.
Juan Sanabria: Fair enough. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Michael Goldsmith: Good evening. Thanks a lot for taking my question. David, we touched a lot on the outlook. But does the updated guidance consider any changes in expectation for the retailer investments for 2022? And then the $0.15 to $0.20 of additional investment expected for the year, whats the expected cadence? Is that equally distributed through the year? Or is that hitting harder in the first or second half?
David Simon: Okay. The first question is not really on the retail side. Were anticipating more or less if they come in on plan. And then I didnt follow. Brian, did you understand the second part of the question?
Brian McDade: Can you repeat it, please?
David Simon: Yes, Michael
Michael Goldsmith: Last quarter, you talked about $0.15 to $0.20 of additional investment expected in the year, whats the expected cadence of that?
David Simon: Yes. Thats  okay. Thats what I thought, but I want to make sure. So Reebok closed. SPARC bought the U.S. operations of Reebok at the end of February, if I remember correctly. And we think that will come out most of  its kind of  it probably will come out in the Q2, Q3. But its not really  its kind of a work in progress or when those operating losses will take hold. They incur certain operating losses, I should say, they, we. SPARC concurs. Certain operating losses is part of the deal and then theyre capped, and it really is just a function of when those come. Its  but we know its limited to kind of the number that I gave to you  but thats probably a Q2, Q3 event.
Brian McDade: Got to ramp up, Michael. So theyve got to actually incur the cost to have the  so its just going to take a little bit of time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Floris Van Dijkum [Compass Point]. Please go ahead.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks for taking my question. David, maybe you touched upon the fact that your occupancy cost is low. If you could just  can you share that occupancy cost? And also, what was your occupancy cost prior to COVID and how quickly will you get back to those kinds of levels in your view?
David Simon: Yes. So our  the number right now is 12.3%. What was it? What was  no, no, before COVID. No, it was higher than that. That was higher than that. Anyway, well give you the number where it was pre-COVID, but I thought it was in the kind of the high 13%, 14% range. But well get you  what was it?
Brian McDade: 13 and change.
David Simon: 13 and change. And look, I cant tell you how long its going to take a function of it is just marking leases to market. But its fortunate for us and our retailers that theyre profitable in our stores. And yet, at the same time, we can mark the rents up to market and be able to grow our business, too. So thats what were trying to achieve.
Floris Van Dijkum: Great. And if I can maybe have a follow-up as well. Obviously, you cited your leased occupancy. What is the gap between occupied and leased space right now? And how do you see that trending over the next couple of quarters. And presumably, some of that lease space could be anchors, which could be slower to get online. So is that gap always going to be  remain steady? Or do you expect that to narrow over the next 12 months?
David Simon: I think Tom can give you the exact numbers later, but I mean both trends are in the moving in the right direction. So Tom, to get you the actual numbers, but both are moving in the right direction. And I think that the gap between the two in a good market like we have now will narrow.
Floris Van Dijkum: Great. Thanks.
David Simon: Sure. I think  oh, sorry, go ahead, sir.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session, and I would like to turn the call back to Mr. David Simon for closing remarks.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you and Im sure well see some of you in the next few weeks. Thank you.
Brian McDade: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Simon Property Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Hector. Good evening and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President. Also on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer, and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. A quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of todays date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Our conference call this evening will be limited to one hour. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect the request to limit yourself to one question. Im pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: We had a very busy and productive quarter to end a very successful year. We recorded occupancy gains, record retail sales, and demand for our space from a broad spectrum of tenants is robust, and our other platform investments had strong results. We generated nearly $4.5 billion in funds from operation in 21 or $11.94 per share. The $4.5 billion is a record amount for our Company for the year, and coming off a difficult year of 2020, these results are a testament to our relentless focus on operations, cost structure, active portfolio management, smart investments coupled with coherent strategy. Fourth quarter funds from operations were $1.16 billion or $3.09 per share. Included in the fourth quarter results was a net loss of $0.10 per share from a loss on extinguishment of debt and a write-off of predevelopment cost, partially offset by an after-tax gain on the sale of equity interest. Our domestic operations had another excellent quarter to conclude the year. Our international operations improved in the quarter. Domestic property NOI increased 22.4% year-over-year -- Im sorry, for the quarter, and 12% for the year, including our share of NOI from TRG and our international properties. Portfolio NOI increased 33.6% for the quarter and 22.3% for the year. Mall and outlet occupancy at the end of the fourth quarter was 93.4%, an increase sequentially of 60 basis points and 260 basis points year-over-year. Average base minimum rent was $53.91, add $8 to that if you included variable rent. For the year, we signed more than 4,100 leases for a total of more than 15 million square feet. This was the highest amount of leasing activity we have done over the last six years. Retail sales reported -- retail sales continued in the fourth quarter. Mall sales for the fourth quarter were up 8% compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, and up 34% year-over-year. Reported retail sales per square foot reached a record level for 2021 at $713 per foot for our mall and outlet business and $645 for the mills. These results obviously are impressive, particularly given the lack of international tourism for 21. Occupancy costs at the end of 2021 are the lowest theyve been in five years at 12.6% year-end. We opened two new developments in 2021, one in the UK and a premium outlet in South Korea. Construction continues on our tenth outlet in Japan, opening this fall and Normandie, France opening in the spring of 23. We completed five significant redevelopments. We added densification components with the opening of two hotels and the completion of an NHL headquarters and practice facility. Progress continues on the densification of Phipps Plaza which will open this fall. We have a significant pipeline of redevelopment projects, which will be funded from our internally generated cash flow. Let me turn to our other platform investments, they produced terrific results in 2021, namely JCPenney, SPARC, ABG, and RGG, which is Rue Gilt Groupe. JCPenneys results were impressive. Their liquidity position is growing, now $1.6 billion. Company delevered their balance sheet, has no borrowings on their line of credit. CEO, Marc Rosen strengthened his management team with a new CIO and Chief Digital Officer. RGG, including our Shop Premium Outlet marketplace growth continues, and we expect continued investment in 2022 to drive customer acquisition and sales growth. SPARC Group will be the operating partner for Reebok in the U.S. Theres a tremendous opportunity for SPARC to develop sportswear and footwear expertise. The Reebok integration will require additional investment by SPARC as it expands its capability and reach. TRG, Taubman Realty Group, which we own 80%, posted great operating metrics and results, which also beat our underwriting. Reported retail sales was $942 per square foot, a 31% increase year-over-year. Occupancy also increased 210 basis points for the year. Now, turning to the balance sheet. Weve been active in the debt markets. We amended and extended our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility with lower pricing grid for five years. We issued $2.75 billion of senior notes 750 million notes, completed the refinancing of 25 property mortgages for a total of $3.3 billion at an average interest rate of 3.14%. We paid more than $4 billion in debt and delevered by $1.5 billion. And with the recent January notes offering, our liquidity stands at $8 billion. Now, just to turn to dividend, we paid out $2.7 billion in cash common stock dividends last year. Today, we announced a dividend of $1.65 per share for the quarter, a year-over-year increase of 27%. This dividend is payable on March 31. Now, just to go through guidance for 2022. Our FFO guidance is $11.50 to $11.70 per share. When looking at our 22 FFO guidance, it is important to note the following items as compared to 21 actual results. Approximately $0.32 per share gain related to the reversal of a deferred tax liability at Klpierre, approximately $0.32 per share in gains related to our investment in authentic brands. These gains were partially offset by approximately $0.14 per share in debt extinguishment charges, resulting in an adjusted FFO of $11.44 per share for 21. 21 also included significant increase in overage and percentage rent compared to prior years and lease settlement income of approximately $0.10 higher than historical average. Our guidance reflects the following assumptions: domestic property NOI growth of up to 2%, approximately $0.15 to $0.20 drag on FFO from additional investments in RGG, and SPO, JCPenney and the Reebok integration cost at SPARC all to fund future growth, the impact of a continued strong U.S. dollar versus the euro and yen compared to 21 levels, and continued muted international tourism, no significant acquisition, or disposition activity. Finally, I really want to thank the entire Simon team for their tireless work that they continue to do for our retailers, shoppers, and communities every day and for bouncing back in 21 after a very difficult 2020. Make no mistake about it, 21 was a great year. And I think -- Tom knows, but I think our FFO guidance was -- which was consistent with basically the analytic community around $9.60 per share, and we reported $11.94 per share. So, thats a heck of a year. Im very excited about our plans for 22 and the future growth prospects of our Company, and were ready for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks for the detail or at least the additional disclosure on the guidance. I guess, just sort of tying back to the leasing comment you made about the 15 million feet being kind of a record year for the last six years, you know what are your expectations for leasing activity in 22? And how that might tie into further occupancy gains? And then, I also noticed that the leasing spread information that you used to provide in the supplemental wasnt there anymore. And I was just wondering if you could comment on kind of pricing trends that youre seeing. Thanks.
David Simon: Sure. So, I think were very optimistic, Steve, about 22 leasing. A lot of new business with a lot of new tenants is the goal. We expect to increase occupancy compared to year-end 21. And obviously, the last couple of years with COVID, weve been -- obviously been working with our retailers. So, we havent quite had the level of pricing power that wed like to see. Were starting to see that strengthen from our standpoint and were still looking for win-wins between us and our clients. But we feel better that well continue to drive rental growth over time. And as you know, we took a bet that the world in bricks and mortar was not going to end. So, we -- when we did deal with a lot of renegotiations that came about because of COVID, we got -- we try to make it back on sales because we believed in our business. And thats why youve got to look at that what were achieving on either percentage or overage rent, which historically we havent taken into account in our spreads, and one of the reasons why we have done away with the spreads and the fact that theres no industry uniformity. And more importantly, theres very few retail real estate companies that are doing it. But, we bet on our company. We made the right bet. It produced the results that we wanted to see in 21, frankly above our expectations. And the strength of our portfolio and the demand is there. So, now, we just got to execute it. I do think theres so much going on that Id be remiss not to say it still takes a while to get stores open. And with all the activity, well see some of that in 22, but were going to see a tremendous amount of great new stores in the 23 time period.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Maybe just a question on the guidance and the retailer contribution part. David, I know that you mentioned the 22 guide includes the $0.15 to $0.20 drag from additional investments this year. I guess, I was wondering if you could just go through kind of what contribution the retailers had in 21. What the guidance assumes for 22? And any more kind of background you can give on whats causing that drag? Realize that its for future growth but what the impact in 22 is and whats specifically driving it?
David Simon: Yes. I mean, the drag is all about future investments. So, we outlined a little bit on the call, but were in a growth mode with Rue La La Gilt and shoppremiumoutlets.com. So, were acquiring customers. Were marketing more, and were building the technology out to serve those three platforms with great sales growth and marketplace growth, but that takes investment. So, thats one element of it. The second element of it is, as you know, JCPenney is building out its beauty business as well as its digital business. So again, its the belief in the brand thats going to -- that is going to create these unique opportunities, and were going to invest in doing that. And then, finally, the bigger -- the Reebok integration will reduce the operating earnings from SPARC just temporarily in 02 as it deals with consolidating its operation. We now have an office, deal hasnt closed yet. Its going to close at the end of the month. We have excess real estate. So, we have to work through all of that. But the return for 23 on that will be much more than whatever the investment is. So, all of these have -- the payback on RGG stuff is 16 months. They track it -- they track it by the nickel, penny the same. I mean, very similar to previous businesses. But you got to invest for future growth. Thats what were seeing. In terms of operational outside of that, Caitlin, were basically more or less budgeting the same EBITDA, NOI levels for our investments, our other platform investments other than these investments that I just mentioned.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. And just one quick thing. You mentioned the Reebok integration will reduce SPARC earnings in 02. Did you mean Q2?
David Simon: I meant 22. Im sorry. 22.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley.
Rich Hill: I want to talk about the dividend for a moment. Youve raised it for three consecutive times. I think weve discussed in the past that its well below where you were in 2019, despite free cash flow being similar to where you were in 2019. Can you maybe just elaborate on why not increase the dividend more here? I recognize in the previous answer, you were talking about in growth mode and investing in businesses, but is there a trajectory to get back up to $8.30 where you were, I think, prior to COVID?
David Simon: Yes. I mean, again, it would be my expectation over time that well reach those levels. I think its just an abundance of caution. But if you look at Q-over-Q, its a 27% increase. So I know sequentially, its not. But thats what we tend to do historically is we tend to be flat in the Q1 area. We measure our taxable income. And as earnings percolate, we tend to raise with our taxable income. So, I think were really adopting what weve done historically. But our payout ratio is low. Our liquidity is strong. And I would expect hopefully that our dividend, well continue to see the increases. Now, there was a dramatic increase from 20 to 21. So, Im hoping well continue a very positive trend.
Rich Hill: And just one more question. If I think back to this time last year, you guided to -- initially guided to 950 to 975. You put up a really healthy number this year where I hope we see it 11.36 ex the one-timers you mentioned. Im not sure if we see eye to eye on that, but thats pretty close. Is there -- what would give us -- what would you give you any confidence that this could -- that 2022 could surprise to the upside just like 2021, or do you view this year as more baked, so to speak than 2021?
David Simon: Well, the years never bake, right? So look, I think the big variable that is always there is basically sales because we still have because we still have some COVID oriented leases that have not rolled over that we still are a little more dependent on sales than we would have said 3, 4 years ago. So that is why were a little more cautious because we dont -- Id like to say were as good as we are. Were not -- we cant predict with certainty sales. But -- so I think -- Im hopeful that the -- when we talk to retailers, they still feel very good about the economy and whats going on. Obviously, theres a lot of volatility in the world today. And were not immune to that. So, we just have to wait and see. But we are building off a terrific, terrific 21. So, well see -- I am hopeful that well continue to produce growth assuming the -- everything holds together externally with our economy and so on. So, theres no certainty, but I feel pretty good about where we stand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman: David, I wanted to come back to sort of the growth that youre getting from a lot of these unique and differentiated investments that youre making? And just sort of how it ties back to this years earnings forecast, but also that growth in the future. You gave us a couple of pieces, but theyre all a little bit different the time of all together. So, Im just going to use one for now and maybe we can pivot off of that. But if you just look at your FFO from investments, which is on page 29 of the sup, which I recognize includes Klpierre, but it includes -- sorry, page 28, but includes all of these other investments that youre making. Youre looking at 2021 at about $550 million, about $1.46. Youve now thrown out for this coming year, the $0.15 to $0.20 drag from these investments that are being made. And Im just trying to reconcile well how much is in the $11.60 a share for all of these, which are both retailer investments as well as Klpierre, what sort of range are we thinking about thats obviously gross, but then netted down by, I guess, $0.15 to $0.20 for these other investments. Im just trying to put it all together.
David Simon: Well, I mean, its pretty straightforward. But we really did not hear you well. But just to clarify what we did pick up. The NOI from investments is only Klpierre, and it includes our small interest in HPS, which is de minimis. Other platform or investment -- okay -- the other NOI from other platform investments would include RGG, SPARC, JCPenney or share of ABG. So, thats that line just to clarify. I did hear that. Guys, did you hear question?
Tom Ward: I didnt hear past that.
David Simon: Okay. Does that help you?
Michael Bilerman: No. Let me -- Ill try to be clear, David.
David Simon: Michael, if you went back to the office.
Michael Bilerman: Im in the office, David
David Simon: You might be able to sound a little clearer, okay? So, I dont know, maybe you can -- Im happy if you text this or read it out loud, and we cannot hear you.
Michael Bilerman: Well, Im in the office. How about if I pick up my phone. Is that better for you, David?
David Simon: Slightly, yes.
Michael Bilerman: All right. Well, Ill take slightly. But Im just trying to get, on page 28, you actually list the FFO contribution, right? $550 million from everything, right? $1.46. So, Im just trying to triangulate what you earned in 21 and how that compares to the $11.60 million in 22. Youve given us a couple of nuggets of information, the $0.15 to $0.20 drag, but it doesnt net out to actually whats in guidance for these investments.
David Simon: Well, again, the tax effect of that, lets -- theres no surprise. Our math is very simple. Im sorry, weve made money in all these investments. Now you have to pay attention to it. Unlike other people that make investments and lose money. We actually make investments that make money. These are the NOI. Theyre not -- the tax line is below this. This is just kind of -- this is like an EBITDA number that we try to show the market. Thats all that this is, and its there for your information. And again, the NOI from other platforms, I described, the NOI from investments is Klpierre and HBS and we footnote corporate and other NOI sources. So I dont know what else -- the guys are happy to take the question offline.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Yes, I was looking at page 28, not the NOI page. Thats where the confusion was coming from David. Maybe just -- we see the FFO with investments, right? So that includes all of the FFO from all these great investments youre making. And this is not a negative question, David, but this is a positive of stuff that youre doing.
David Simon: Yes. That includes everything lumped together and then take the tax impact. And again, its NOI, so its pre-interest, then obviously, FFO is not. But were happy to walk you through.
Michael Bilerman: Well, thats exactly -- now weve gotten to the question, which is thats why -- thats the number we do know, right? So, theres no ambiguity.
David Simon: Its EBIT. So remember, retailers have depreciation that we dont add back and so on and so forth. But the guys will be happy to walk you through it.
Tom Ward: Well connect offline, Michael.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. David, can you just talk generally? Your opening comment and the press release was all about unlocking value, and youve already done some of that through the transactions. How do you think about the initiatives that you want to focus on this year and what value is sitting in this platform for Simon shareholders?
David Simon: Well, I mean, given our level of cash investment, if you were to look at it on a private equity basis, right, weve made 20x on our investments. And theyre continuing to grow. And SPARC, I think, is a good example on RGG, have great platforms that can continue to be a leader in their business. And ultimately, the market well see if we need to at some point in time, monetize these or highlight the value, but its embedded here at multiples that the market is ascribing to us, but frankly, the external market is probably valuing it more than what it is today.
Michael Bilerman: Right. And thats where all the questions that Im asking, David, these are positive things that youve done that we get asked by the investment community of trying to ask for more disclosure to try to get to ascribe that value that you want. So thats -- its coming from a good place. And usually, Im good at math, but...
David Simon: I never suggested you arent. Im just having a hard time hearing you. That was the only negative comment. Okay. So, sorry about that. But again, were happy to walk you through it. So, it can help you understand what were doing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank.
Derek Johnston: So, Ill abandon the retail investment question for now. But now in 4Q 19, pre-pandemic David, the redev pipeline was $1.8 billion at its peak. Now, its $944 million in 4Q. And thats just a really modest increase from 3Q. So, as you talk about record FFO and very healthy cash flow, how are you looking at capital allocation priorities going forward? Should we expect ramping redevelopment, some transformational, clearly some more retailer investments, dividends, buybacks? You mentioned no acquisitions. How do you view the priorities here?
David Simon: Well, the good news is our pipeline is kind of back to where it was in 19. However, remember, in 19, we finished some stuff, right? So naturally, that falls off. And then, we didnt add anything really until this year. But I think youll see steady progress in adding -- and remember, we only add when we start construction on a project or we internally to prove it or were about to. So, we would expect to be able to add to that number this year. So, youll see that. Id be disappointed if it didnt grow in size and stature, and mostly in mixed use. So, we still -- I would still say thats the number one priority, were going to invest in our existing platforms that we have, whether theyre SPARC or ABG or RGG. So, those are businesses that we have a lot of faith in, and well continue to invest in those. Were still doing a lot of investment kind of in the -- in updating the technology aspects of our shopping centers that well continue to do. Thats important to us. We expect to raise the dividend. Weve been really quiet on the acquisition front, and thats like -- thats perfectly fine with us. Well see how the market transpires, but we have no real we feel really good about our portfolio. And if theres something that fits in nicely, reasonably priced, well take a look at it, but if not, cest la vie. And then I think were going to build another platform. Its not necessarily a retail platform, but were in the midst of kind of working through some opportunities. Stay tuned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.
Alex Goldfarb: Hey David. Im torn because you guys had one question first, so I have two. But Im going to restrain myself and just ask one, unless Tom gives me the go ahead. Im going to go back to the retailer question. You guys made a lot of headway on your brands. You added $160 million of NOI, EBITDA, whatever you want to call it, from the retailer platform last year. And you guys seem to have a pretty quick turnaround of the brands. So one, does it surprise you how quickly these brands have turned around, given that there are a number of -- we wont mention retailers, but brands out there, retailers who have been trying to restructure for years and havent been successful whereas in short order you guys have? And two, does this give you a better insight into your tenant negotiations such that now you have much more informed view of when youre in negotiations with the tenants what their true potential is versus what they may be telling you at the table?
David Simon: Yes. So, on the fast turnaround, I would say, yes. But remember, we bought these in bankruptcy, which most of them in bankruptcy. So, that allows you to clear out a lot of the issues and gives you a kind of a clean slate to grow from. Id say that the management team that we put together at SPARC is excellent. They know how to integrate. And between our oversight from ABG and SPG, weve got good formula thats working. Their performance has absolutely no relevance or insight at all when it comes to our negotiation or our insight into how to deal with retailers. So thats just a flat out. No, Alex. I could see how you might ask that question, but it really doesnt -- because each brand is there is unique and they dont necessarily have a direct competitor that would be helpful, and we just dont -- we dont think like that because, as you know, every space and every mall is different and market rents are all over the place. So, simple answer to that is no.
Alex Goldfarb: Okay. And Tom, will you allow me a second, or are there a lot of questions, you got to move on?
David Simon: Hes got a puppy dog look toward me. So, based on that, we will allow you. Thank you. Go ahead.
Alex Goldfarb: So, big picture. Obviously, a lot of whats going on in retail and the crime and all these headlines is out there. My question for you is, is your sense from talking to the industry and obviously talking to local officials, is the view that its on the industry to try and beef up security and solve this, or do you sense that the local authorities are finally realizing they need to do more from their end?
David Simon: Well, look, I think we are top notch in this area, though, unfortunately, as good as we are, we cannot avoid whats happened. So, were all subject to this. I think it -- I dont think its an industry issue. I think its a local jurisdiction issue. And its a nationwide issue. And I believe the tide is turning. We are all over this, the safety of our consumers and obviously, the retailers is priority number 1. Were not immune to it as much as we would like to be. We have a very sophisticated operations center, intelligent center that deals with this. If you ask the retailers, they would tell you that I think, Alex, that were number 1 in this area, but were not immune. I would love to be immune. But we, as a nation, have to address this, and its happening, obviously, in a lot of different areas. I dont want to get into politics at all. But I dont think its -- I dont think the industry can solve it. I do think its got to be at the local and national level. And I do think weve got to hold everyone accountable that this kind of stuff cannot be tolerated. But believe me, we are all over it but where we -- some of these things are just impossible to avoid. However, what you dont hear from us, Alex, is all the ones that we forwarded, [ph] dozens and dozens of multiple ones, and we do an excellent job, but its -- were we have to deal with some unfortunate consequences of these acts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Just hoping to ask a little bit about rents and leasing spreads again. So, the base rent was flat sequentially at just under $54. Do you think thats now bottomed or stabilized, and its headed upwards from here? And on the re-leasing spreads, I think you talked $8 about being in the number for the deals maybe signed in the fourth quarter or at quarter end, not quite sure there. But, when will that translate into the baseline rent? When will that kind of sunset out? And how are you guys thinking about internally on that spread number thats no longer disclosed? Like whats the expectation for what you generated in 21 and what your expectation is for 22?
David Simon: Well, we -- first of all, we focus on NOI growth. So, thats number one, and we expect to have NOI growth. So thats the first. Id say to you -- I think youre not -- maybe we werent clear, but the $54 is somewhat -- its just the base minimum rent that our portfolio averages. It does not include overage or percentage rent. If you included that based on 21 results, that $54 would be $62. Okay? So, thats the that relationship there. And I dont -- I try to listen carefully to your question, but it just goes to show that the $54 is missing this component, and we thought it was material enough to point it out.
Juan Sanabria: And so, when do you think that $8 comes into the number 1. Does that $8 -- thats $8 assumption?
David Simon: Yes. Thats all a function of lease expiration. So, we tend to raise -- if someone is an overage rent or they have a percent rent deal thats expiring, we try to raise the base minimum rent or we try to capture as much in the base minimum rent from the overage thats generated. You dont always get all of it, but you do some of it. So, its -- it should pick up over time, but its really a function of the big overage rent payers and when their leases expire.
Operator: Our next question comes from Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point.
Floris Van Dijkum: David, you just mentioned NOI growth. And obviously, you know that Ive been -- I still think theres a lot of value in the business here. But again, you might be slightly joking...
David Simon: By the way, so do I. So do I, Floris. Okay?
Floris Van Dijkum: No, no. I know you think theres a lot of value. And Im trying to help you get that out. But the -- walk me again -- the 2% NOI growth that you have in your assumptions for 22. If you have your -- basically, you have fixed bumps in your leases typically of around 3%. You dont get it for all of them, but youre a little bit shy of 3% maybe. But all things set or spare, but everything else stays, the same occupancy stays the same. You should get around 2.5% to 3% NOI growth. Yet youre only guiding for 2% growth.
David Simon: Yes. I think its very simple. The real simple answer is sales, and we do a very sophisticated model. If we have sales levels that are above this year, we will overachieve that number. But again, were in February, and we tend to be -- try to be cautious on that number. But thats really -- and then, there are increases in cost that were dealing with as well for us. So for instance, I mean, security expenses are up based on -- we just had a discussion with Alex on that. Obviously, we have wage inflation janitorial. So, we have pressures on expenses just like everybody else. Weve got no break on the real estate tax front from the local municipalities, even though we were closed for months in many cases in 20 -- 19 and 20. But our real estate tax expense keeps going up. So, we have pressures there that were just trying to be relatively thoughtful about how to deal with. And then, the percent overage sales number going into every year is a little bit of the unknown, and were trying to bake some conservatism into that thought process.
Floris Van Dijkum: So David, I mean, just again -- but a lot of your costs would be recaptured through CAM. Youve got fixed CAM that increases at inflation. So that would imply that youre fixed CAM...
David Simon: No, no, no. We dont have CPI adjusted.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thats right. You have 3% bumps. You have 3% bumps. Youre right.
David Simon: Yes. And we have bumps. But if it goes up 6% and were going up 3%, we lose 3%. So -- and -- so again, I mean, its all factored in. But I would say theres a little bit of margin pressure. And again, hopefully, Ive been clear on the sales front.
Floris Van Dijkum: So David, so maybe if you can touch on one little area, which I looked at in your release, you have 6.8 million square feet of leases that are longer than a year, but that are sort of temporary tenants, specialty leasing, which are at an average rent of around -- off the top of my head, $17. Its 10% of your small shop portfolio that is at a third your average rent that youre getting. What happens when those leases go to market or become full tenants? Theoretically, they should go up by 300%. Is that the right way to look at it?
David Simon: Yes. Look, I think thats a great opportunity for our company. We did a very good job. Its kind of a flex business. Were still under occupied. We still have a number of tenants like that that are important to the community, but as more permanent tenants come to the market. Thats a great opportunity for the Company. Floris, this is a real interesting thing. A lot of that stuff is happening now. So, think about it this way. In 21 -- in 20, we got decimated by COVID, right? We came back unbelievably strong in 21, much better than anyone would have predicted and reinforce our business model. I would venture to say. But we still have we still have a lot of short-term leasing or what Ill call specialty leasing. But that as we re-lease that space, that comes in midstream, that comes in first quarter, second quarter, third quarter of 22 because, as remember, our retail base, a lot of it sat on the sidelines, all of 20, and didnt really start opening up open to buy in 21. And by the time you build out a store in a mall, its a six to nine-month process. So, as much given where we are today, I would say to you, and we never -- like this is solely anti the way I think. But we still have a transition year in 22. But its not an excuse. Ive never used that as an excuse. But believe me, as we continue to lease up to permanent retailers away from specialty, were going to generate more income, but its not all going to fall in 22. Now, did I explain myself well, guys? Would you add to it? Okay. So, sometimes Im inarticulate. So I mean -- and again, thats not an excuse, but thats how -- but 22 is going to be -- continue to be a transition year like 21 was, but we kicked the crap out of 21. It was an unbelievable year. Spectacular based on where we were. Okay, Floris?
Operator: Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: David, Ive got a question on OCR. You mentioned OCRs earlier, something we havent talked about in a while. And at 12.6%, you mentioned thats the highest level in five years. I guess Im curious how important is OCR today in tenant conversations? Are they willing to pay or even consider some of these look back OCRs? And any color on where you think that OCRs might go near term, or do we ever get kind of back to the mid to upper teen levels? Thanks.
David Simon: Yes. Look, I think it reflects an earlier comment, which is we are starting to see a little more pricing power as demand goes up and the fact that the overall business is better. So, its a good insurance policy and that the retailers are producing very positive results in our portfolio. We dont want to put them on the edge, but weve taken our lumps over the last few years. And now were just trying to balance it a little bit better than what weve seen over the last couple of years. So, its a good indicator that weve got some room to go. Thats all it is.
Haendel St. Juste: And if I could follow up. I dont know if you mentioned it earlier, or if youre willing to share. Are you still doing any of those shorter-term leases that you were doing during COVID with the lower upfront rent threshold, but with the lower percentage rent thresholds, so you can make out in the event of improving sales, or is that in the event of the past now?
David Simon: Its essentially a thing in the past, though, theres always a case here or there where we might -- we might have a deal in 23 for space, but theyre not ready -- Im sorry, theyre not ready in 23. So we have a retailer in the space. So, 22 might be an extension of that while we finalize the lease for 23. And thats a little bit what I was talking about with Floris as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vince Tibone with Green Street.
Vince Tibone: I wanted to follow up on Floris question. I believe you mentioned that if sales -- tenant sales repeated 2021 levels, you would likely exceed the 2% guidance for domestic property NOI. I just want to get a better understanding of maybe what sales levels you have baked into current guidance. And it would seem that your -- the base case is actually a decline in sales compared to last year. So, trying to just get a little more color there would be helpful.
David Simon: Well, we do it -- we really do it -- I dont know why, but we do do it tenant by tenant. And I do -- simple thing is if we do see sales above this year, we would hopefully -- putting aside the comment about rising expense cost, if you kept our expenses flat, we would see a better, more robust NOI -- portfolio NOI growth. Simple answer is that. And we do have some baked in conservatism in that number. But again, its -- we do this budgeting process late in the year. Actually, some people, they do it earlier than Id like, but we -- its always -- in the case of sales, its an art versus a science. The good news, though, when we talk to retailers, they are planning up sales compared to 21, okay? And thats positive. And if they produce their own plan, well see the benefit of that.
Vince Tibone: So, is it fair to say that youre forecasting sales to be negative? Maybe thats the base case of guidance, or am I misreading into that?
David Simon: I would say around the 2% level, its relatively flat.
Vince Tibone: Okay. Thats helpful. If I could maybe try to squeeze one more quick one in there. Im just curious for like the overed rent component. How much was overed rents in terms of total lease income? Like what percentage was that for this last year?
David Simon: We dont give that out, but if we do -- well, Ill ask the guys if they want to give it out. We tend not to do that. But I would say it was similar to what we would use to see from when we had big international tourism in our big international properties from a percent point of view. Okay? Guys, is that right? Okay. And then, it really went away. So, its kind of back to where we were maybe 4, 5, 6 years ago.
Tom Ward: Hector, we have time for one more question?
Operator: Okay. Our final question comes from Mike Mueller with JP Morgan.
Mike Mueller: Hi. A quick one. Rent per square foot was lower year-over-year in the malls outlets, but it was higher in the mills. And curious whats driving that dynamic.
David Simon: Im sorry. Could you repeat? I didnt -- you broke up there for a second.
Mike Mueller: Yes. Your rent per square foot for malls and outlets is down year-over-year, but for the mills thats up year-over-year.
David Simon: Yes. In the mills, they include all of the boxes. We include all the boxes. I shouldnt say that. We include all the boxes. So, every square footage. Its not whereas in the outlet mall, its basically just the interior space, thats the department store. So, thats -- so they have a few big tenants that may be driving the increase. But that business has been very healthy, and were very pleased with the results there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, weve reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And Id like to turn the call back to Mr. David Simon, Chairman, for closing remarks.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you. I know theres a few that are still looking to get some questions answered. So, Brian and Tom will be available, of course, I am as well. And thanks for participating in the call today.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-01 20:46:04) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Q3 2021, Simon Property Group Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. . Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tom Ward: And thank you for joining us this evening. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President. Also on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer, and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. Quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  And actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements.  Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com.  Our conference call this evening will be limited to one hour. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask to please respect the request to limit you to one question. I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Our cash flow increased to nearly $3 billion year-to-date, consistent with pre -pandemic levels. We recorded increased leasing volumes, occupancy gains, shopper traffic, and retail sales. Demand for our space from a broad spectrum of tenants is strong and growing, and our various platform investments continue to outperform.  Third quarter highlights from funds from operation starts with $1.18 billion or $3.13 per share. Included in the third quarter results were non-cash after-tax gains of $0.30 per share from the contribution of our interest in the Forever 21 and Brooks Brothers licensing ventures. For additional equity ownership in Authentic Brands Group, we now own approximately 11% of ABG, and a loss on extinguishment of debt of $0.08 per share from the redemption of the $1.65 billion of senior notes.  Our domestic operations had another excellent quarter, our international operations have improved. However, the quarter was below our budget by roughly $0.03 per share, primarily due to various COVID restrictions. Domestic property NOI increased 24.5% year-over-year for the quarter and 8.8% year-to-date.  These growth rates do not include any contribution from the TRG portfolio, or lease settlement income. And if you did include TRG and international properties, our portfolio NOI increased 34.3% for the quarter and 18.7% year-to-date. Occupancy was 92.8%, which was an increase of a 100 basis points compared to the second quarter. Average base rent was $53.91. However, that excludes percentage rent. And if you included that, that would add actually another $7 to BMR. For the first nine months, we signed 3500 leases for 12.8 million square feet, which was nearly 3 million square feet or approximately 800 more deals compared to the first 9 months of 2019. Mall sales for the third quarter were up 11%, compared to third quarter 2019, up 43% year-over-year. Our sales are over 2019 peak levels. These results are impressive, in particular, given lack of international tourism, which we believe will start to increase after the strict restrictions on international travel are lifted beginning next week. Our Company's focus, as you know, is cash flow growth, which should allow us to fund our growth opportunities and increase our dividend.  We would encourage the analytic community to focus on our cash flow and its growth because there are many levers that contribute to it beyond what is contained in 1 or 2 operating metrics. A simplication point, our mathematical open and close spread has declined yet our cash flow has significantly increased. Leasing spreads are calculated at a point in time. We have studied the leasing spread metric across the various retail real estate companies and highlight the following: Spreads are significantly impacted by tenant mix. Our leasing spreads include all openings and closing and is not a same-space measure.  However, we believe many other companies use only this subset for their calculation. We do not include variable lease income in our spread calculations, others do. And there's no consistency in approach. We intend to spend the next several months working to achieve uniformity on this metric, much like we did for sales reporting, although the shopping center sector still does not disclose any sales productivity for its retailers.  Let's keep in mind that all of these metrics, we need to put in perspective and we encourage you to take this opportunity to refocus on the importance of cash flow. We opened our fifth Premium outlet in Korea, and our tenth in Japan is under construction, our redevelopment activities accelerating, and Northgate station opened at Seattle Kraken Community Iceplex.  And we have many developments ongoing at Phipps, King of Prussia , many others. Our share of net cost of development projects is now approaching $1 billion. Our retail investment platforms are performing very well, including SPARC, Penney, and ABG. SPARC outperformed their budgets on sales, gross margins, and EBITDA. And we're very pleased with the JCPenney results. The Penney's team has stabilized the business improved financial results. And we've added private and exclusive national brands to it. Our liquidity position is at $1.5 billion and there's no outstanding balance on their line of credit. And we're very excited to announce, and in fact, his first day is today, Marc Rosen, he's joined the Company as the CEO. He's got a terrific background, great leader, and we look very forward to working with him as he builds on the momentum Penny has established this year. Penny's success is an excellent example of how to better understand our Company. We appointed Stanley Shashoua as the interim CEO for nearly a year ago and look at the results.  Much like the variety of our investments, no other Company nor industry has the capabilities to put an executive in an interim role and produce these results. This is a testament, not only to Stanley, but to the Simon culture. TRG is operating above our underwriting, posted also impressive results for cash flow growth occupancy, gains in retail sales, which were 16% higher.  As you know, we amended and extended our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility. We refinanced number of mortgages, and our liquidity stands at $8 billion including 6.9 available on our credit facility the rest in our share of cash. We paid a dividend of $1.50 in September, that was a 7.1% increase sequentially, and 15.4% year-over-year.  Today, we announce our fourth quarter dividend of a $1.65 per share in cash, which is an increase of 10% sequentially, and 27% year-over-year. Dividend will be paid December 31. Now we raised our guidance from $10.70 to $10.80 last quarter to $11.55 to $11.65 per share. This is 85% increase on the midpoint. That's 27% to 28% growth compared to 2020 results, and basically $2 higher than our initial budget this year.  And let me just conclude by saying the following, even though our stock has posted impressive year to date returns, we strongly believe it is still undervalue. Our current multiple of 13 times is approximately 3 turns lower than our historical average and screams very cheap compared to the REIT sector at 24 times, and in many cases, even close to 30.  We have unequivocally proven with our results year-to-date that we've overcome the arbitrary shutdown of our business due to the pandemic and our cash flow has bounced back dramatically, which many had doubted. We have growth leverage beyond our real estate assets that are unique attributes of our Company.  We have proven to be astute investors, we have unique business models and diversity of income streams. Our balance sheet is industry-leading and as strong as it's ever been. Our dividend yield is 4.7% and growing, well - covered, higher than the S&P yield of 1.9%, and a REIT average of 2.9%, and we have the potential to perform very well in an inflationary cycle. We're now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session.  Our first question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hill : Hey, good morning -- or good afternoon, guys. Sorry, it's been a long day. Congrats on another really good quarter, David. I did want to maybe just understand a little bit more about the sequential slowdown on maybe -- in TRGs domestic portfolio and the international portfolio. Is there anything specifically that would drive that? I'm really only asking the question in terms of how we should think about forward modeling because I do recognize that your guide --
David Simon: No, no, no, you're wrong. It's -- we were just showing our share, so compared to the gross number last quarter. Okay. No, it's a good question, but it's just our share.
Rich Hill: Okay. Thank you very much for that clarification.
David Simon: Yeah. No, no, no, I'm glad you pointed that out. Thank you.
Rich Hill: Got it. And then I did want to maybe just to understand a little bit more about the income from unconsolidated entities. Just to be clear, like last quarter, the non-cash gain was included in that number; is that right?
David Simon: Yes. Yeah.
Rich Hill: Okay. And then maybe we can just talk about how -- why that number went down a little bit? I do recognize depreciation went up pretty significantly versus the prior quarter. Obviously, seasonality would dictate that the retailers were doing pretty well. Is there anything that we should think about in that number as we look going forward?
David Simon: No, it's just -- it's probably most impacted by our European and international business, as I mentioned earlier.
Rich Hill: Great. Thanks. That's it from me. Thanks again and congrats on the good quarter.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt: Great. Thank you. I noticed going from second to third quarter, you increased your total redevelopment about $83 million, the total investment, but that does not include Taubman. Have you started to make any of your investments in terms of Taubman redevelopment?
David Simon: Yeah. I mean, it's progressing the way we thought it would. There's a big master planning in the works on Cherry Creek, but that will be several years in the making, but now, there's some good stuff happening in that portfolio as well.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then, how should we think about your retail investments, in terms of quarter-to-quarter, it moves around. Should we look at it on an annual basis, or how should we get a better handle on what you have been able to produce that of your investment in retail?
David Simon: Well, I think you should think about it as a Company that can add value to what we invest in, and you should always -- you should never worry about quarter-over-quarter or you should look at annual results and compare them historically. So I'd just say that's generally, but I think where -- I think the most important thing is Craig, we're just a different Company than what most think of us.  I mean, we have lots of avenues for growth and our investments in retailers and other companies has proven to be extremely successful and it will create some variability to quarter-over-quarter but year-after-year, I think, when you look at our return on investment, return on our EBITDA for those businesses; it's actually quite outstanding.  And if you look at the valuations that e-commerce companies are getting for their.com businesses, we've gotten embedded value here that's pretty exciting. So I would never worry about one quarter over another.
Craig Schmidt: No. I'm particularly thinking about the 11% interest in APG and what people say that might go for on an IDL. That's very impressive. Thank you.
David Simon: Yeah. I mean, I just -- look, we're just not your -- we're more than just an -- even though, we're -- you call us a mall Company, I think we've proven to be beyond that, and that's what I'd encourage you to focus on.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI, please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good afternoon, David. It was nice to see the occupancy up 100 basis points sequentially. I am just wondering if you could discuss a little bit about your leasing pipeline and backlog, maybe where you think occupancy ends at the end of this year and what your expectations are for a recovery in occupancy.
David Simon: Well, I think it's going to take a little bit of time to get back to where we were pre -pandemic but, I think what's exciting, Steve, is that when we're talking to our folks there -- I was just seeing a tremendous amount of demand. Never been busier. Lots of new retailers, not -- a lots of new users. And I think the action is in our portfolio, so we'll have another increase this quarter upcoming, and then we'll increase our occupancy next year. I don't -- I can't, as you know, we never give specific guidance on that. But the demand, I strongly would tell you that it's -- it's very good. And it's across the board. It's the high-end retailers, it's the value-oriented retailers. We're very pleased with what we're seeing.
Steve Sakwa: Great, thanks.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi. Good evening and nice quarter. I guess, maybe just another question on the retailer part of the business. I was wondering if you could go through from a REIT perspective, is there a max how big this business -- how big this can be as a part of your business? And just what's the current goal or ultimate plan for your own brands? Is it just to grow the existing brands, acquire more, and sell it? Just any thoughts on the plans going forward.
David Simon: Well, listen, we're obviously very dedicated to being a REIT, and staying a REIT. And all of these businesses are in taxable REIT subsidiary. And you see that in this quarter in particular, you'll see that the big tax expense that is flowing through our P&L. But because we tend to buy these in partnerships, we have really a runway to continue to grow that business. Not to mention that we'd still have our SPAC out there that is a -- in a sense a vehicle for growth. So I'm optimistic that based on our track record, we're going to continue to find other investments whether its retailer, similar situated businesses that will continue that -- add to our unique Company, and we'll take it from there.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Okay. And then maybe just a quick follow-up. I think we'll learn more once the 10-Q is out, but until then, just on that tax number in the quarter, could you clarify if that was just related to the retailer income and that taxable REIT subsidiaries, or if there is anything one-time included?
Brian Mc Dade: Hey Caitlin, it's Brian. There's actually a one-time $48 million number coming through there from the ABG transaction that we had in the quarter. So you got to bifurcate the 2 numbers. There's a 48 and then the rest is just our normal regular occurring operational tax accrual.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Thank you.
Brian Mc Dade: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi, please proceed with your question.
Michael Bilerman: Hi, Great. Kenny McConnell (ph) is on with me as well. David, good afternoon. I was wondering if you can maybe go a little bit deeper into the retailer environment in the sense that we know sales are extraordinarily strong as everyone's gotten back out and enjoyed buying things again, but the retailers are struggling a little bit behind -- below the sales line.  They're struggling with staffing. They're struggling with keeping product up to date, most of it launched on ships. So how are you thinking about it from two sides? One, the retailers that you own in dealing with some of these issues, where they're also dealing with their e-comm problems too.  And also from the standpoint of how you think retailers are going to approach the store openings next year, given some of the product, giving some of the staffing concerns and how all that melts together, now that you are more and more sitting on both sides of this equation and really understanding some of these pressure points.
David Simon: Well, let me just tackle the backlog in getting product to the stores, which does have an impact on us. You know, just with respect to our tenants. And then as well as the brands that we own. There's variability.  I mean, everyone is pretty comfortable or  -- I should say confident that they're going to get the product in there for the holiday season, but I would tell you that there's no guarantees, so there will be some variability  that we probably would have felt a little bit better going into fourth quarter, but we're cautious on it because we just don't know and it's out of our hands though. I did throw a shout out to Stanley only because by the way, I trained him, but just don't forget that. But he did tell me that he was going to -- if he had to go to the port of LA and unpack boxes to get them into the Penny store, he said he was going to do it. Ad I said, "Well, that's a great idea, I will do it too. We're on call to help, so that's that. If there is variability, I don't know, but I think generally, people are reasonably confident that they'll get this -- they'll get their product in for time -- for Christmas. Now with respect to employment, this as well beyond retail.
Michael Bilerman : Yeah.
David Simon: And I mean, it's a -- with all the political back and forth going on, it's really not talked about. And just from a CEO point-of-view and just someone that's worried about growing our overall economy because obviously we are correlated to GDP growth, we've got to figure out whatever is causing the lack of employment growth. We've got to "Get to the root of it, because it's not clear to me that there's a big focus on it.  And finally getting your last question, Thankfully, Michael, I have not seen it impact folks open-to-buy or their growth. Could it? Eventually, the answer is sure, but I -- we have not seen it yet. But the lack of employment is an issue, especially in its -- and some of our retailers are -- they're doing one shift, they're increasing the salaries of the people, there are less part time.  So they're combating it maybe in an a good long-term way because they're raising salaries and getting more loyalty out of that, but the increase in restaurant demand has been phenomenal. And that's the area I worry most about, is just -- ultimately, whether the employment picture could slow that demand -- I don't know, right now, but it's a concern.
Michael Bilerman : And so when you throw all this stuff into the pot, you obviously have a lot more earnings and cash flow drivers at timing today that's ever been in your history; does your disclosure -- to be able to get credit and for the Street to value things to the point which you're talking about, your stock being undervalued. Isn't it necessary to breakdown some of these businesses or to give a little bit more information within supplemental so that people can really identify each of these drivers for more operating businesses to the more rent business because there's like little pieces, you have FFF on investments on a traveling 12-month basis in the credit metrics section, it would be really good to get that on a quarterly basis and all those -- are you stepping back?  I know you talked about the lease spreads, but is there an opportunity to revamp disclosure, to give the investment community more of that level of detail overall?
David Simon: It's -- we're not going to rule it out. It is our property, domestic property business just to put it in perspective, Michael, is around 80% of our cash flow earnings. However -- FFO, however you want to define it. So then we have the 20% other stuff. And I just worry that if we do get into that, we'll spend more time on the 20%.  Now, 10 years from now it may be different, 5 years from now it could be different, the 80% could be 50%. And then, I agree 100% with your encouragement or point-of-view that it needs to be better articulated. The other option is we could sell our dot-com business for the huge number and -- like some of the others out there, and then you'll ascribe a certain value to it. Believe me, we wouldn't rule that out.
Michael Bilerman : You were never in embarking business to begin with. You and I have gone back on that about selling interest in malls. You never wanted to be in the mark. You want to end cash flow and the value.
David Simon: I mean, I'm a terrible seller as I have admitted. In any event, I think -- look, I'm excited about what we're doing. I do think it's still -- it's more -- it's a tail wagging the dog, but it's an important tail and it's a beautiful tail and it wags nice and it's very friendly. And as we grow that, I think you're -- I think what you say is certainly appropriate.
Michael Bilerman : All right. Thanks. If we have time I'll queue up for a quick guidance on later.
David Simon: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb : Hey, good afternoon out there, David. I didn't realize that you and David -- that you and Stanley are both union long shore men able to work on in the LA Long Beach periods, that's pretty impressive.
David Simon: Well, we'll do whatever it takes to get product into our stores.
Alexander Goldfarb : Well I think if you know that you need that as well.
David Simon: You can join us, Alex. You can join us.
Alexander Goldfarb : Hey, I -- if you didn't work, it's pretty tough work unless you can get to the crane operators, those guys make good money. My question for you, and it sounds like Tom, we get two questions, so I love it. David, it sounds like in your opening comments, you said that you were a little bit behind budget because of some of the COVID closures that you were still experiencing.  Despite that and backing up the ABG intellectual property gain, which is awesome, you guys don't handedly beat. So I know you guys -- I know David, you like to run your career really hard and with -- and do all the fun stuff shout, get your team excited to win.  But still, it's hard to say that you guys were under budget when you beat consensus as much and it sounds, in your answers to Michael on store openings and labor and all different things, it doesn't sound like there really -- any headwinds. It sounds like you guys are just really rebounding strong. So what was the below budget related to as far as --
David Simon: Yes. Alex that was just our international ops. So if I didn't say the word 'international', it's just because I've misread it on the script. I said it. It's just international, it's the only business that I would say is under our initial budget for 2021.
Alexander Goldfarb : Okay. So then just drilling into that international part, what are you seeing? Are you seeing anything like the rebound that we've seen in the U.S. whether it's Asia or Europe, or are the consumer rebound trends very different?
David Simon: That's a good question. And I -- and it's by country, in a sense. So there is no simple answer that I would say to you. It's very much how COVID is impacting that country. As you know, Europe was much generally -- in France and Italy, much more stringent on how they open. And as you know, we -- our friends at Klepierre had to deal with almost a -- which, by the way, LA County almost did, but we'd have to enforce whether or not people had vaccine cards to let them in a mall, which thankfully a cooler heads prevailed but it really is a country-by-country.  We're seeing a little bit decent results in the European outlet business and Clay Pears (ph) feeling more confident about what they are seeing. But I would tell you, Asia is generally no, Japan is pretty tough but they have had a pretty strict, shutdown, Korea is doing just fine. I think generally, the U.S. is clearly outperforming. Other -- just from retail sales than other parts of the country -- other parts of the world, I should say.
Alexander Goldfarb : And then on your international folks though, are they telling you, "Yeah, by January 1st, the rest of Asia, Japan, Europe, France, all of the -- all the different countries in Europe. Everyone should be back? " Or is there just a continued concern that those countries are going to continue to punt on reopenings and ease of COVID mandates such that '22 is as greatly impacted on the international 
David Simon: I'm hopeful '22 will be a better year for them, just like '21 was for us. So -- but there will be more proactive gentlemen, I say they, I mean, again, it's country-by-country, but in many spots we'll be more proactive with COVID if COVID spikes.
Alexander Goldfarb : Okay. And then just a quick 
David Simon:  restrictions I should say.
Alexander Goldfarb : Just a quick question for Brian. On the new line of credit where you switched over from LIBOR to SOFR? The net, end of the day, the economic impact, you guys are still -- are basically paying the same cost for this switchover. You guys are ending up paying a little bit more, maybe it's a little bit less I don't know.
David Simon: No, it's a push. It's an economic push that was the whole design, and so forth, Alex. The intent was to be economically neutral.
Alexander Goldfarb : Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Mueller: Yeah. I was wondering, outside of the $0.22 of net 3Q one-time items, can you break down which drove the guidance increase for the balance of the year?
David Simon: Can you repeat that, Michael?
Mike Mueller: You had net $0.22 of one-time items that you called out and guidance went up, I think $0.85 so what drove the other $0.63 or so of the increase, if you could break that down, how much retailer versus domestic ops?
David Simon: We don't break that down, but it was a combination of both.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. That was it. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria : Hi. Just checking if you could walk through maybe the quarterly volatility. I know you told Craig not to look at quarterly variances and I apologize for this; but given the movements, it does seem like last quarter, it was reported at share -- this quarter is that share.  And the retailer NOI dipped and the corporate NOI dipped as well, but the guidance went up, so I'm just trying to put these pieces together, maybe get the components for those two NOI pieces, retailer, corporate, and then tying that back to the guidance question that Mike just asked.
David Simon: Well, one, you got to remember here, looking at annual numbers here or even quarterly numbers, there were a variety of retailer businesses that we didn't own last year. So that's part of this noise when you looking at it year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter. That's a big piece of this. JCPenney didn't close until year end of last year, which is a big driver of this. So you got a different population, if you would.
Juan Sanabria : I'm just focused on sequential because the numbers did go down for -- it seems those two buckets on a share basis, the retailer investments NOI and the corporate, and other NOI s.
Brian Mc Dade: Sure. You have just seasonality and timing on the retailer side of it, and then corporate and other, the bigger changes that we recognize as last quarter, a large amounts of termination income.
Juan Sanabria : Okay. And then just more of a conceptual question on retailing. You guys own different pieces of the retailer landscape you have, the licensing, your traditional -- the licensing, an intellectual property licensing in the traditional retailing.  How do you think of the multiples that you would apply for those or the stickiness of the cash flows. And if you could talk about typical margins. Just trying to get a sense of where the EBITDA is coming from between those two pieces and how you think about those two pieces as well.
David Simon: Whereas the EBITDA coming from the retail?
Juan Sanabria : Between the licensing and traditional retail, yeah, because you have the ABG Investment which is talking about the licensing business.
David Simon: This is the -- well, ABG more or less owns the brands. A lot of brands in the license income. The retailers run the e-commerce and operate stores, so it's essentially like any other retailer and the valuation of those should just be the way you look at any other public Company retailer. I will tell you today, from an EBITDA multiples, retailers reward value to the higher EBITDA multiple than Simon Property Group.
Juan Sanabria : And what is a better margin business; do you think the licensing or the traditional retailing?
David Simon: Well, the licensing, I mean, it's -- that's a -- licensing business -- are you amortizing the cost of buying the license or not? So the brand -- if you don't -- they have a higher margin, but the gross margins of good retailers are in the 60 plus range.
Juan Sanabria : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street. Please proceed with your questions.
Vince Tibone: Hi. Good afternoon. How are same properties operating expenses trending versus 2019? Are you experiencing any pressure from wage inflation or extra cleaning costs given most of the retailers on a fixed CAM basis.
David Simon: Not currently, a. They've got, I think -- we'll see how it impacts '22, but not rising costs from our standpoint in '21 -- shouldn't be all that material.
Juan Sanabria : Are you much higher than where you were in '19 or are it kind of adjusted for occupancy changes like margins are more or less the same in your mind or kind of 
David Simon: Well, other than the drop in occupancy, I think in terms of operating, it's probably pretty similar to '19.
Juan Sanabria : And are you thinking about -- go ahead, I'm sorry.
David Simon: No, I think that's it.
Juan Sanabria : And I was just saying are you thinking about the way CAM is structured any differently now, given the prospect of higher inflation or -- yeah, just curious to get your thoughts there.
David Simon: Not really, a. I think the fixed CAM, and obviously it grows in many cases tied to CPI, is just an ease of doing business with the retailer and I don't see that changing.
Vince Tibone: Got it. Thank you. Maybe one last quick one for me. Could you just share your latest expectations for domestic property NOI growth from the year? I think the last time you formerly said anything was at 5% at beginning of the year, and I think it's clearly higher from there.
David Simon: It's going to be higher, Vince.
Vince Tibone: Any number you could throw out there for us?
David Simon: Well, now I -- we look at these things on an annual basis, but I'd hate to put a number in. But we're going to be really, based on where we were and what we guided to, we'll -- we should double it, more or less, right? I mean, I think, what do we guide to 4% or something like that? So we should be in that range.
Vince Tibone: Okay. Appreciate that. Thank you.
David Simon: Thanks. Way to get it out of me Vince, way to go.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed with your questions.
Floris Van Dijkum: Hey, thanks guys. Thanks for taking my question. I sometimes wonder whether people are not seeing the forest through the trees here. I mean, your guidance for the year is $0.60 over 2022 estimates, right now for consensus, which is -- I suspect those numbers are going to have to come up drastically. Let me get to my question here.  It's about the leasing environment and I'd love to get your color on what you're seeing. Obviously, that you talked about the leasing spreads being negative, and again, those are backwards looking because those deals were negotiated 3 to 6 to 12 months ago, obviously when we are in a different environment. There were many articles written about tenants wanting more turnover, sales, and rent-based structures.  You talked about that in past quarters about offering some of that, but actually as sales now are in excess of 19 levels, comfortably, in excess, apparently, apparently. Are you actually capturing more rent and what do you think that's going to do for your overage rent and also how is that impacting your negotiations with tenants? Do they want to go back to the fixed rents with a smaller turnover base? I'd love to get your thoughts on that.
David Simon: Thank you Floris. So I would say -- look, our overage rent is going to be significant this year, but I do want to put -- I want to underline, we still do not have international tourism. So we think there's another -- and I don't believe now, the rules of who can come where and how and whatever, are very confusing. Having -- make my own two international trips, I get confused on what I have to do to go from one place to the next.  But next week there is a lifting of international tourism. We'll see whether it has any impact this year, as I doubt it, but even with overage rent having a very good year this year, we still think that there is another leg up if we get the international tourist that we haven't seen for a couple of 2-3 years, right?  And now, the strengthened dollar may offset that to some extent but we'll see. On your question about lease, this 1, I think some of the folks that wanted to tie their rent too -- and we did it in a select few cases, not a lot. But, yes, they may suddenly think maybe they should do another traditional, go back and do a basic deal.  But by and large, Floris, there's not a lot. I'd say the negotiations about the structure of the lease and overage rent. I call it overage, but overage rent and breakpoints -- it's all pretty -- it's all -- I'd say pretty consistent. So not a huge change in what's going on there.
Floris Van Dijkum: And David, maybe if you could touch on the specialty leasing environment as well. Obviously, last year, when a lot of your malls were closed, clearly, you couldn't have much kiosk income. Obviously, billboards -- billboard income is really driven by economic growth. So that, presumably, was very low last year. What do you see? I mean, this is -- could be up to 10% of your NOI. I mean, how do you see that part of the business performing as we head into '22?
David Simon: I think we're going to have a very good year in '22 on that side. Because again, there's just a better appreciation for our kind of product and demand is good there. And growing and traffic is still reaching previous levels. So I think they're going to have a very good year this year, but a better year in '22, at least from our initial kind of review of that business plan that we just had recently.
Floris Van Dijkum: Great. I mean, maybe if I ask what -- I sort of was asked before, but certainly the backlog of leasing; can you give us any more insight? I know somebody also asked the question about that, but certainly, in terms of what that could mean in terms of occupancy gains in '22 because clearly that's the easy income, if you will, because it all drops down to the bottom line. Any sort of backlog that you're working with right now? Your leasing is busy, and stretched to the max, I would imagine.
David Simon: Listen, I always worry they tell me what I want a hear, but what they're telling me, okay? And what I'm seeing in my own -- having to deal with a few retailer space demands, demand is good. So I think -- listen, the world is uncertain as all get out, right? I mean, we all know it's just an -- it's a very interesting time. The last several years and the future are no different. But Floris, the good news is, the demand for our product is good. And our folks are busy, and they're hitting the streets, and making deals. Again, we never give an occupancy number, but I would be very disappointed if we didn't have an uptick in occupancy next year.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks, David. That's it for me.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg McGinnis with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Mc Ginnis: David, asking my question a bit differently in terms of back of the napkin math here. So FFO per share guidance appears to be take a slowdown in Q4 versus Q3 after adjusting for the non-cash items. Could you help us understand what items might be impacting those expectations?
David Simon: Versus what you were doing or what we're doing?
Greg Mc Ginnis: You have 291, Q3, if we take out the non-cash items. And then that kind of assumes 270, 280 in Q4?
David Simon: We'll see what we earn. We don't really look at it quarter by quarter.
Greg Mc Ginnis: All right. Then maybe shifting gears a little bit to the percent rent leases. First, I'm just trying to understand what portion of leases signed of last year are tied to percent rent deals. How is that compared to history? And then you also mentioned that overage rent will be significant this year, is there going to be seasonality associated with that?  We are just trying to understand if we should expect a sizeable pop in Q1 next year as Christmas sales and associated renter calculated or if it should be smoother throughout the year?
David Simon: Well, overage rent does -- is impacted by holiday shopping. So there is some seasonality to it. We don't give out the specifics on what deals are percent versus fixed, though, the -- it's not a very big number.  I mean, overwhelmingly a high, high, high percentage of our leases are fixed and sometimes we have unnatural breakpoints which we can get into the mechanics of that later, if you'd like, where we do maybe -- and in COVID, this is -- we did a few -- a handful with some retailers where we may be lowered the fixed, but we got greater upside on sales. But 90 some odd percent of our leases are all fixed rent. And I think I answered your question, unless I missed something.
Greg Mc Ginnis: No, you did. So if we think about how leases are getting signed now that we're coming out of COVID, should we expect to see those -- that percent rent number go down and maybe just base rent number start going back up again?
David Simon: Well, yeah, on rollover. Sure, over time. Again, it's a function of when leases expire.
Greg Mc Ginnis: All right. Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hi, David. Good evening.
David Simon: How are you?
Haendel St. Juste: So you mentioned earlier the stock being cheap 13 times FFO, I get it. And you point out your long-term average, but I guess the 1 missing piece we haven't seen is the asset value clarity. I guess, I'm curious where you peg a mall cap rates today, was there anything in your recent mall refinancing and negotiation that was informative about how the lending community is viewing mall values and how would you characterize the market appetite for mall refinancings today? Thanks.
David Simon: Good. I think we did -- how many financing did we do?
Brian Mc Dade: It's probably -- that's 22 this year, almost $30 billion. The market is open from a refinancing perspective in supportive of high-quality assets.
David Simon: Look, I think, we're -- I'd say where A assets, there's -- I mean, I have discussed this before and not to bore you, but there's not a lot of buyers, and sellers realized how valuable they are, and they want a really low cap rate. There's no A asset in this country, that would sell for anything above a five cap rate. My opinion -- in my humble opinion.
Haendel St. Juste: I appreciate that. I was looking also if there's anything from the other side that you could share from how the lenders are valuing or any variant?
David Simon: I thought you were an equity analyst. Why do you care about lenders?
Haendel St. Juste: Well, there's a value with the loan is described to.
David Simon: Exactly. I mean, look, they're -- they look at debt yield.
Brian Mc Dade: Debt yield in cash flow cover deal is the metrics that they're using more and more importantly,
David Simon: And sponsorship to our resource.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Well, I guess I'll move on to my next question. Thank you though. One last about the pricing and demand for your JCPenney boxes. Anything you could share on that? Thanks.
David Simon: Well, the ones that we own, we're not selling because Penney is performing terrifically well.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Thanks.
Tom Ward: Alex, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Thanks for taking my question.
David Simon: Sure.
Linda Tsai: In terms of the $7 of variable rents that weren't included in the base minimum rent. When would you expect to see improvement in that number and how much of that -- those $7 could be moved to fix?
David Simon: You mean improvement or just when it goes too fixed essentially, right?
Linda Tsai: Well, I guess, 2 separate questions. When it goes too fixed and then when would we see an overall improvement in base minimum rent given the moving pieces?
David Simon: Well, it's lease by lease to build that number up. I mean, demand is picking up, so we're focused on driving our cash flow. But again, as I -- maybe you missed my -- it wasn't overly compelling, but you missed my opening remarks. In that I would recommend again, I know -- I'd recommend you just look at the cash flow of the Company and not overly worry about a metric here or there. It just -- it all manifests itself in the cash.  In terms of when that will end up in base rent is really, as I said earlier, is just going to be functional when that particular resource, when it expires. And traditionally, when that does, we're usually pretty effective of trying to garner as much of that overage rent or that percentage rent above the break-point back into the base rent.
Linda Tsai : Got it. And then store closures are way down from prior years and given the importance of holiday to retailers but also challenges around supply chain, do you think this is potentially a threat to some of the smaller lower credit retailers?
David Simon: I don't think so. And honestly the credit profile of the retail community is not bad. I mean, there's always going to be a few out there, but I would say generally the credit profile is pretty -- not going to look pretty good. So the retailers are always pruning the portfolio and so on. But I don't think the supply chain is going to cause -- it might unfortunately cause a local mom and pop some stress but I don't think it will cause it a regional or bigger chain, financial calamity.
Linda Tsai : Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to David Simon for closing remarks.
David Simon: All right. Thank you and appreciate all the questions. We'll talk soon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q2 2021 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Tom Ward. You may begin.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Lateef (ph). And thank you all for joining us this evening. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President. Also on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer, and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder, that statements made during this call, may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And actual results may differ materially, due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors.  We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing.  Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Please note, our 8-K filing is still in process with the SEC. However, it has not yet been accepted to date. In the meantime, as mentioned previously, the 8-K has been posted to our website. Now, for those of you who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good evening. I'm pleased to report our business is solid and improving, demand for space in our well-located properties is increasing. I will turn to some highlights. Our profitability and cash flow have significantly increased. Second-quarter funds from operations were $1.22 billion, or $3.24 per share. Our domestic operations had an excellent quarter. Our international operations continue to be affected by governmental closure orders and capacity restrictions, which cost us roughly $0.06 per share for this quarter compared to our expectations due to the equivalent of two and a half month of closures.  As we said in the press release, our quarter results included a non-cash gain of $118 million or $0.32 per share from the reversal of a deferred tax liability at Klepierre. We generated over $1 billion in cash from operations in the quarter, which was $125 million more than the first quarter. And additionally, compared to the second quarter of last year, our cash flow from operations was break-even due to the lockdown. Domestic international property NOI combined, increased 16.6% year-over-year for the quarter and 2.8% for the first half of the year. Remember, the First Quarter of 2020 was relatively unaffected by the COVID-19 pandemic.  These growth rates do not include any contribution from the Taubman portfolio or lease settlement income. Malls and outlets occupancy at the end of the Second Quarter was 91.8%, an increase of 100 basis points. compared to the first quarter. We continue to see demand for space across our portfolio from healthy local, regional, and national tenants, entrepreneurs, restaurateurs, and mixed-use demand, ever so increasing day-by-day. Our team is active in signing leases with new and exciting tenants.  The average base minimum rent was $50.03. Our average base rents was impacted by the initial lower base rents we agreed to in addressing certain tenant COVID negotiations in exchange for lower sales breakpoints, if variable rents that were recognized in the first half of the year were included, it would add approximately $5 per foot to our average base minimum rent. Leasing spreads declined again due to the mix of deals that are now included, as well as the activity that has fallen out of the spread, given its rolling 12-month nature and metric.  New leasing activity that has affected the spread include large footprint, entertainment, fitness, and large-scale retailers. These boxes -- big-box deals, reduced our opening rate as they are all included in our spread metric. As a reminder, the opening rate included in our spread calculation does not include any estimates for percentage rent-based income based on sales, as I mentioned just recently. Leasing activity accelerated in the quarter. We signed nearly 1400 leases for approximately 5.2 million square feet, and have a significant number of leases in our pipeline. Through the first 6 months, we signed 2500 leases for over 900 -- I'm sorry, 9.5 million square feet.  Our team executed leases for 3 million more square feet or over approximately 800 more deals compared to the first 6 months this year, as well as -- I'm sorry, compared to the first six months of 2019. We have completed nearly 90% of our expiring leases for 2021. We recently had a deal committee. And what I'm told by my leasing folks is that that was the most active deal committee that they've had in several years. Now, retail sales continue to increase. Total sales for the month of June were equal to 06/2019, and up 80% compared to last year. And were approximately 5% higher than May sales. If you exclude two well-known tenants, our mall sales were up 8% more than compared to 06/2019. Multiple regions in the U.S. recorded higher sales volume in June and for the second quarter compared to our 2019 levels.  We're active in redevelopment and new development. We opened West Midlands Designer Outlet, and we started construction in the Western Paris suburb for our third outlet in France. At the end of the quarter, new development - redevelopment was underway across all our platforms. For our share of $850 million, our retail investments posted exceptional results. All of our global brands within SPARC Group outperformed their budget in the quarter on sales, gross margin, and EBITDA, led by Forever 21 and Aeropostale, SPARC's newest brand, Eddie Bauer, also outperformed our initial expectations.  We're also very pleased with JCPenney results. They continue to outperform their plan. Their liquidity position is growing, now $1.4 billion, and they do not have any outstanding balance on their line of credit. Penney will launch several private national brands later this year, as well as their new beauty initiative. Taubman Realty Group is operating their 2021 budget at a level above debt and above our underwriting. And their portfolio -- our portfolio shows resilience as sales are quickly returning to pre-pandemic levels.  Year-to-date through June, retail sales are 13% higher than the first half of the 2019 balance sheet. As you would expect, we've been very active in the capital markets. We refinanced 13 mortgages in the first half of the year for a total of $2.2 billion in total, our share of which is $1.3 billion, at an average interest rate of 2.9%. Our liquidity is more than $8.8 billion, consisting of 6.9 billion available on our credit facility, and $1.9 billion of cash, including our share of JV cash, and again, our liquidity is net of $500 million of U.S. commercial paper that's outstanding at quarter-end. Dividend.  We paid $1.40 per share of dividend in cash on July 23rd for the second quarter. That was a 7.7% increase sequentially and year-over-year. Today, we announced our third-quarter dividend of $1.50 per share in cash, which is an increase of 7.1% sequentially, and 15.4% -- 15.4% year-over-year. The dividend is payable on September 30. You will know that going forward, we are returning to our historical cadence of declaring dividends as we announce our quarterly earnings. Now, guidance.  Given our results for the first half of the year, as well as our view for the remainder of 2021, we are increasing our full-year 2021 FFO guidance range from $9.70 to $9.80 per share to $10.70 to $10.80 per share. This is an increase of $1 per share at the midpoint, and the range represents approximately 17% to 19% growth compared to 2020 results. Before we open it up to Q&A, I wanted to provide some additional perspective. First, we expect to generate approximately $4 billion in FFO this year.  That will be approximately a 25% increase compared to last year and just 5% below our 2019 number. To be just 5% below 2019, given all that we have endured over the last 15, 16 months, including significant restrictive governmental orders that force us to shut down, unlike many other establishments, is a testament to our portfolio and a real testament to the Simon team and people. Second, we expect to distribute more than $2 billion in dividends this year.  Keep in mind, we did not suspend our dividend at any point during the pandemic and in fact, we have now increased our dividend twice already this year. Now, just a point on valuation, and I tend to never really talk about it, but I felt it was appropriate today. Our valuation continues to be well below our historical averages when it comes to FFO multiples compared to other retail reach - retailers and the S&P 500.  And our dividend yield is higher than the S&P 500 by more than 250 basis points, treasuries by 325 basis points, and the REIT industry by a 150-basis point. And as I mentioned to you, our dividend is growing. Our Company has a diverse product offering that possesses many, many multiple drivers of earnings growth, accretive capital investment opportunities, and a balance sheet to support our growth. We are increasing our performance, profitability, cash flow, and return to our shareholders. And we're ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good afternoon, David. I wanted to just start on the occupancy trend, which was up pretty nicely from 1Q to 2Q. And you talked about the leasing activity that you had in the quarter in the pipeline. Could you just maybe share with us what your expectations are for occupancy by the end of this year, and what's embedded in the guidance?
David Simon: Well, the guidance is affected by the continuing uptrend. We expect our occupancy by year-end to increase from the levels that we have right now. I don't have a number that I am going to give to you specifically, but as I mentioned to you, Steve, talking to my heads of leasing, we are -- maybe this is an overstatement, we're tickled pink by the demand by the new retailers and tenants that are surfacing.  The many, many opportunities that we have with restaurants, with the mixed-use developments, and I mentioned to you, our deal committee had more deals than it's had in a few years. Look, we still have a hole to dig out of, because of the bankruptcies that we had to confront, with the pandemic. But I'm very pleased with the activity, the mojo that we have in leasing the work that our personnel are doing there. The creativity, it's pretty encouraging.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And maybe just as a follow-up, just on the leasing commentary. I know that you guys had to make some accommodations to the retailers and you lowered the base rent and took more percentage rent. Given that sales seem to be coming back very quickly, do you sense that that dynamic is changing at all as youre having these current discussions about future leasing? Or do you still anticipate having to have a kind of lower base and take more upside going forward?
David Simon: Look, it's tenant by tenant. The strategy we adopted at the height of the pandemic is playing out better than we could have expected. We made the right move. We got the renewals done. We accommodated the vast majority of retailers, assuming they were reasonable in their approach. We got the job done.  We kept our properties functioning. We bet on the rebound, and we're seeing the benefits of that. And as I look back, I'm not certain I would change a lot. And the reality is, there is always going to be a few handful situations where we'll bet on to come, bet on retailers because we have confidence in our properties, we have the confidence in the retailers that we're doing business with.  And I think physical retail, when I listen to the pundits, and they're throwing the baby out with the bathwater, read my lips, physical retail is here to stay. And people really like to shop in the physical world. Don't believe everything you hear on TV. We've got the evidence.
Steve Sakwa: That's it for me. Thanks.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Piper Sandler. Please, go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good afternoon, David. And hope -- I guess you guys have had a really good -- not, I guess. You guys have had a really good quarter, just amazing to see guidance up by a buck. But continuing on Steve's question there. Amazing on the dividend rebound, amazing on the guidance, on the leasing activity you guys talked about, and everything is good. But when you think about people pulling out the negative, and believe it or not, David, people do look at some things in the negative limelight, they will see negative 22% re-leasing spreads, and that negative spread is widening.  I understand that you did deals to get the Company through, makes sense. But from an expectation standpoint, what would you think the cadence is over the next few quarters of this spread, and how do we relate to that versus the cash flow growth and everything else that's going on? Because, clearly, there's a disconnect between your cash flow recovery and this negative spread metric?
David Simon: Yeah. Look, I -- Alex, stats don't mean as much to me as they do to you because I look at cash flow growth. Because there's a lot that goes into cash flow growth, a lot more than spreads. Now, the sole reason that the spread is down to 22% is because of the mix and the COVID deals that we did. The mix is that we -- the spread probably was higher than -- because we had a lot of boxes that rolled out that were low rent, and so we got the benefit of that. And now as we -- and those were out of our 12-month numbers.  And now, the new leasing that we're doing is in it and that's the sole thing. So, I would encourage our investors that know what we're all about to understand that it's a mix. If I do a deal with Dick's or an entertainment box and they paid $15 a foot but the expiration of that box was 15 months ago with $3 a foot, I still may have made a $15 spread. But because it was in our rollout 15 months ago, you don't see it.  It's not space by space. If I get to space by space, the trend would not be -- the percentage would not be anywhere near that. So, do you understand what I just explained? Remember, we had a lot of boxes that were pre-COVID at low rents. But we didn't do box leasing for the last 12, 14 months because of the pandemic. So that's the sole reason. You follow what I'm saying. Right, Alex?
Alexander Goldfarb: Yeah. I do. I wasn't about to volunteer Tom, rehash for a space-by-space. But I do understand what you're saying.
David Simon: This is not space by space. But the reality is if I add boxes that were -- that space that I got back that was at low numbers but they were 15 months ago, those closings is gone. So that really jerks up the number. And then I have the new lease that's at a low number, that jerks it down. But if you really compare it over a longer period of time, we've got a positive spread. Follow me?
Alexander Goldfarb: Yeah, it makes total sense. The next topic, David, obviously --
David Simon: It should make more than sense, it's the math.
Alexander Goldfarb: No, I can see the math as evidence in the earnings growth, the cash flow growth. You've explained it well so that when understanding this, that explanation that it's not based on space-by-space makes it crystal clear what's going on. The next question is on the rising of COVID Delta, and whatever other variance there are out there, obviously. Facts of life. But you're seeing tremendous leasing demand, restaurant demand, et cetera.  Your malls and outlets are throughout the country. Is it your view and what your managers -- mall managers are saying, and tenants are saying, is that most people just accept COVID is part of life and, therefore, it doesn't interfere with their shopping or their restaurants or their activity, or is there a concern that people may start to pull back from some of the increased activity that we've seen this year?
David Simon: Well, it's a very good question. I'm only going to give you my personal opinion, which could be wrong. But it's an opinion, so I guess, technically, it shouldn't be wrong. But I would say this, I think the most important -- this is factual and I actually checked it. So, as you know, Delta, to our Delta hotspots, we actually have malls in some of these hotspots. So, the land of the Ozarks is in Springfield, Missouri. You only know that through the Netflix Show, right? The Ozarks. Because you haven't been there, but I've been there.  And it's a wonderful place. But I checked Have we seen it in our battlefield ball, which is in Springfield, Missouri? Have we seen an uptick in COVID cases at the mall? We get the report from all the retailers and our staff. And the reality is, we haven't. The mall is safe. Even though we're starting to see counties talk about indoors, there's no science about the mall. I underline that. We've been mistreated in this whole 18-month ordeal, but it is what it is.  I personally think, now going back to your question, And I've checked it. In Florida where there are some upticks. We have not seen in an enclosed mall an uptick in COVID cases for the people that are in the mall, the staff, whether it's a retail or a management team, period, end of the story. No question about that. So, I personally think that people are just going to deal with Delta. I'm hopeful that people will get vaccinated. We're not going to mandate vaccines; we're going to encourage them. And I think we've got to keep being safe as possible going on with our lives. And where we need to mask up, we're going to mask up. And I think the consumer and the folks have all just dealt with it and are moving forward in that environment right now. So, I'm hopeful that as a country we don't get into these lockdowns they have produced. We -- I studied Sweden, I studied France, COVID reverts to the mean. Sweden did not lockdown, France did. And if you look at the chart on COVID cases, it all reverts to the mean; lockdown, no lockdown. So let us do our business, mask up if you need to, the mall is safe, next question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Rich Hill: Good afternoon, David. I want to just focus on maybe just some of the numbers and specifically the income from unconsolidated entities. If I'm looking at the numbers right, you got a pretty healthy increase in that line item, which obviously includes Taubman along with the retailers. I think it went to around 348.5 million versus 15 million the last quarter despite depreciation amortization, looking like it's approximately flat year-over-year.  That suggests to me something pretty healthy is happening in those line items. I was hoping you can maybe just give us a little bit more transparency and what you're seeing there and what's driving that beyond what you said in the prepared remarks?
David Simon: Well, we're always transparent. That'll be in our queue. But we have our Klepierre deferred tax gain running through that. We have our retail investments running through that, or the two major pieces of that increase. And then obviously, positive operations in all of our joint venture properties. And that's really at Taubman because we've had that lunge through that as well, but we also have increased depreciation and amortization associated with it. That's a not-overly material in that big increase. Fellas, what else do we want to say? That's it?
Tom Ward: That's it.
David Simon: Okay. Fellas agree with my assessment.
Rich Hill: Thank you. I'm sure I'll follow up offline with Brian and Tom on that. I do want to come back to, my words not yours, soft guidance on core NOI. I think you've said in the past, it was maybe going to be 4 to 5, closer to 5, if I'm reading the transcript in last quarter correctly. You obviously just had a really big quarter. How do you feel about that now? And do you see the potential for upside from that 5%?
David Simon: Yes, we should outperform that.
Rich Hill: Okay, that's my 2 questions. So, I will get back in the queue. Thanks, David.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Bilerman of Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman: Great. Just 2 quick ones. One quick one and maybe one a little bit longer. The first one, just on the dollar increase, can you just break that down to just some major buckets? The buck increase to the guidance of about 380 million. I would assume part of its $0.32, the deferred tax liability that you booked this quarter, which leaves another $0.68 unaccounted for. Maybe if you can just bucket it into like maybe retailer investments, core, and others would be helpful.
David Simon: You're right. You're right. $0.32 of that is because of the deferred tax and then $0.68 plus is from just core-plus retail. but I -- we're not going to break out that which is which. But the good news is, we've got our core beating our initial budget. And retail, the same -- we're in the same spot.
Michael Bilerman: Yeah, because your original retailer investment was like $0.15 to $0.20. It would appear that you may have blown through that just in this quarter. So that's what I was just trying to get a little bit and they -- that one's a lot more volatile, right?
David Simon: It's entirely a fair and legitimate question and so there are no qualms on that. It's just we don't really -- we're not breaking out the beat or the increase, I should say, other than the $0.32, which is right. And then the other 68, and I hope it will be plus than that, will be as retail and core.
Michael Bilerman: Right. And is a [Indiscernible] supporting the line.
David Simon: I mean, that's the retailer multiples, maybe retail is core. I don't -- what's a core? What's non-core?
Michael Bilerman: That's a longer discussion. The second question, David, is, given your perspective now, as a, obviously, you've been a landlord forever, but you're increasingly now getting your hands dirty at being a retailer. I'm curious what you're seeing from the retailers that you own and sort of dealing with this environment and turning it around relative to what you are as a landlord, right? Because I think you said your tickled pink.  If you're seeing it as a retailer, that must be a different description that you would use. So maybe you can talk a little bit about what you're doing on the retailer side to bring people into the assets, what type of promotions are you trying to lure people to brick-and-mortar, and just the whole omnichannel world with the retailers you own. I'm just trying to understand that relative to your time as a landlord?
David Simon: Well, you're right. That's a long -- if I did that question justice, it would be a long answer. Let me just say this, and this is really important, the retailers that we bought, if we didn't buy them, would be gone. So, I'm most proud -- forget about the numbers and what it's meant for us financially, but we're most proud because we basically kept companies alive that otherwise would be dead, buried, and liquidated.  And what we found out is, you know what, if we just focus on the business, focus on cash flow, focus on the consumer, we could stabilize this business, have patient money, patient -- not worried about comp from one quarter to the next. We could turn those around. And I'm most proud because, I should know, maybe Brian knows but, our SPARC operations employ thousands of people. And then when you add Penney, you've got well over 50,000, 60,000 people.  Don't underestimate what we've done. We're not -- these were companies that were, frankly, roadkill. and we save them. And for that, I'm very, very thankful. So that's one. And then, I think, Michael, generally and -- I can get into this in more detail, it's just too much to tell you now. I'd say 2 things. One is the store is credit. If you talk to the retailers that run these businesses, and in our case in particular, because most of these companies didn't have the capital to invest in the Internet and the omni-channel.  We're taking it at the store level, okay? So, these are really turned in to be good physical store operators. Now, Eddie Bauer is more sophisticated in E-commerce than some of the other ones that we got when we bought them. But the store is a really, really important component that gets in today's world. For what -- it is what it is, gets overlooked. And I'd say we've also had a great partner in ABG that adds a lot to the marketing and know-how about sourcing that was very important to what we have.  And then Brookfield has been a terrific partner as well and adds a lot of value. They're in some deals, they've been converted in others, but they've been like us. What do we do that's right for the business? How do we keep these companies alive and prosper level-headed discussions? They're all the rest of the stuff. Omnichannel, clearly, is very important to the future, but these companies are basically surviving and prospering because of their physical footprint, not because of e-commerce.
Michael Bilerman: I would say if I have a vote, and I know you probably wouldn't give me a vote, but on the retailer versus core Simon earnings, I do think there's a difference. The market can ascribe what multiple they want. You're in a -- you have leases and contracts, retailers on the other end of just a different business model.
David Simon: I -- traditionally, you're right in that, but if you look at where the retailer multiples are, compared to ours, you would argue the reverse.
Michael Bilerman: That's why I said I don't want to -- the market is going to tell us where, but at least having all the details of the components, I think it's just a very helpful piece of information that the street can earn. And then we can get into an argument about how things should be valued, but not having the individual pieces in a clear and concise way. I don't think allows us to have that conversation. It becomes a little bit more adversarial.
David Simon: We got it. We understand the issue. But at the end of the day, we'll see the level of materiality to it, and we'll see if it makes sense. We've got partners in there as well. But I don't think -- well, let's -- the market is the market. I have to respect it. We hear what you're saying.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. I appreciate the time, David.
David Simon: Thank you, Michael.
Michael Bilerman: Have a good one.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, everyone. I was just wondering maybe if we could talk a little bit about the conversations you're having with retailers. I think in the past, and even last quarter, it sounded like there were still retailers that were maybe giving you a hard time about rent payment or rent negotiations. Wondering if you can give an update on how those conversations with the retailers are going, and also whether that is impacting the lease termination fees.
David Simon: I would say we're really down to a couple of folks, and it's really caving way, way down. Everybody has lived up to there, basically, COVID deal. I would say, right now, other than 1 or 2 folks, it's really business as usual and how do we do business better, how do we grow our business, how do we do things more strategically.  So, I think -- I am hopeful that that whole unfortunate -- it was tough for us. It was tough for them. We're all dealing with the unprecedented sequence of events. I think it's all behind us. Our collection rates are in the back to normal, and yes, we've got 2 or 3 folks that are still out there. But if we -- if they stay out there, it is what it is, and we can't -- we'll -- we're moving forward, so it's all pretty much behind us, assuming there's nothing that we had to deal with like we did last year.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Okay. And then maybe just a quick one on the other income, both the lease settlement income was up decently in the quarter and also the bucket for other income. So, I was just wondering if you could give some detail on these few line items.
David Simon: Yeah. I remember lease settlement income was up a few million dollars, not much. Maybe a couple of cents. And we sold 1 residential property at a gain and we also had, which is -- we had a significant increase in our Simon Brand Venture business, which is that probably the bigger grower of that number.
Brian McDade: Absolutely. Caitlin, it's Brian. If you -- we saw a pretty substantial increase in Simon Brand Ventures, our gift card business, and some of our mall food operations, which, obviously, in the second quarter of last year, were non-existent.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derek Johnston of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everybody. Good evening. What do you need to see in order to green-light additional transformational mixed-use projects, especially the Taubman assets which we think make a lot of sense? Clearly, Northgate never skipped a beat. And now, Phipps Plaza really looks like it's back on track.  Maybe I missed it earlier, David, but I recall the office component being temporarily shelled, but what do you need to see to ramp additional transformational-type projects, and is there a laddered development program in place or any material ongoing, in-process entitlement request you can share?
David Simon: Sure. You're right about Phipps. We're basically all systems go there. We expect to finish everything by the end of '22, which would be the new Class A office, Nobu Hotel, Life Time athletics. So, it's all going back. You're right. We did shut it down during COVID. We commenced -- we restarted this, I don't know, two, three months ago.  We want to approve some of the stuff earlier, but we really are finishing the projects. So that's -- that'll be really -- I'm really excited about that. So hopefully we'll be able to show you that and be something really proud of. And I would say we're really -- we took a hiatus of 12 months, more or less.  Brian, right? 12, 14 months. So, we're back at it. I think I mentioned the last call, we're probably, in some cases, decreasing the amount of maybe new retail space. But we're back at it and it's more mixed-use than ever. The demand on the mixed-use front has been really, really nice to see.  And just to name a few that were in the permitting process would be Brea in Orange County, we've got Stoneridge in the Northern California area just to get the permitting process going -- restarted. Some of those things we have to start again because the plans different. But the idea to redevelop, a lot of them are the old department store boxes that we got back or that we ended up buying. We're going. The plans maybe a little less grandiose, so to speak, but it's very active on that front, across the board.  So, we look for more and more of our pipeline to increase as we go through the betting process. And I think with the Taubman portfolio, you're right. There's a lot to do there. They didn't -- they -- I keep saying they, but we don't have a lot of empty boxes there. That was -- so there's not like the plethora of opportunities that you might otherwise think. But there are some, and we're working -- we're working those as well and its great real estate, great location. And I think I mentioned the last call, I mean, I do think not that there's really a silver lining in any of this, but I do think our properties, both by the communities and maybe the general movement there, the suburbs are -- especially in markets that we're in, are going to be really appreciated. And I think we're going to be the center of activity.
Derek Johnston: Okay, great. Thank you. And I guess just my follow-up will be a quick follow-up to this question. Is the 13-story Class-A office building, is Life Time coworker and anchor tenant there? Did you sign them? Or have you pre-leased any of this space that gave you the confidence to move ahead? Or are you just moving ahead because you feel better in general?
David Simon: Let me be clear. Life Time is its own separate building. It's actually built on top of a world-class food hall that we're doing with C3. And inside Life Time athletic, they will have their own co-working. The office building is on its own. It's not -- there's no leasing the Life Time on that. It's 13 stories. We're building it spec, though we just signed our first 90,000 square foot lease. The short answer is, yes, we are going.
Derek Johnston: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. Looking at the guidance for 2021, you'll have recovered half of the loss from your previous peak on FFO per share. I'm wondering if, as you work on creating the income to get you back to the second half, is that going to be harder than the first half or could that be easier?
David Simon: Just a quarter-over-quarter?
Craig Schmidt: I'm just --
David Simon: Not really -- I didn't really -- I don't think anybody understood your -- your connection's not that good, Craig. So maybe, can you restate it, please?
Craig Schmidt: Sorry, can you hear me now?
David Simon: Yes.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Your guidance for 2021 already brings you halfway back to your peak FFO per share. Thinking about the second half, is that going to be harder to recover or easier.
David Simon: If you go quarter-over-quarter, I would just say, and I'll let Brian and Adam weigh in. But we had the brunt of COVID abatements and relief of defaults in Q2 and Q3 if I remember correctly. The comparison to Q3 of '21 compared to '20 should be a pretty big gap for -- like Q4, we had dealt with most of the stuff. If that's your question, I'm not sure I really, maybe, comprehend it completely. But if that's your question, hopefully, that answers it.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then just -- do you foresee any changes in the REIT rules that might allow you to grow your retail or some of your other businesses beyond previous limitations?
David Simon: Well, that's hard to know, Craig, I'm hopeful. There are limitations. You're right, 100% right. There are limitations. And I'm hopeful that the folks that do legislate this stuff will understand the benefit that we've provided to basically working families because we've saved these retailers. So yes, there are rules that make it complicated. They should be less. Remember, our retail investments are in a taxable REIT subsidiary. If you look at our P&L, you will see a big tax expense. Correct, gentlemen? That's associated with the fact that our TRS is taxable, and we're paying the corporate tax rate at its full level.  And then when you look at the -- hopefully, the benefit of what we've done for these companies that otherwise would not exist frankly, that the folks that write legislation will see that this is really an arcane rule that was around a long time ago. And there's a real benefit to try and keep retailers and others alive to try and create employment and all that good stuff that they do in the community. So, I am hopeful, but there's no certainty on that.
Craig Schmidt: Understood. Thanks.
David Simon: Thank you, Craig.
Operator: Our next question comes from Floris van Dijkum of Compass Point. Your line is open.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks for taking my question. David, I have a feeling of Deja vu, what we've seen this picture before following the great financial crisis. Obviously, things are different of course, but it seems like we're reliving those times a bit. Maybe if you can -- my question to you is -- it's regarding tenant sales. Again, the key lifeblood to your malls and the key to the, obviously, to the retailer profitability too. Very encouraged by your statement of retail sales in June equaling -- in your portfolio equaling 19 levels and up 5% from May. Maybe if you can give some more breakdown in that, particularly as it comes out of the first quarter, and also did I hear you correctly? Did you say that Taubman sales were 13% ahead of ' 19 levels?
David Simon: Correct, yes.
Floris van Dijkum: Does that --
David Simon: I mean, it's a good number. Look, I do think we all deal a force in a very tough predict -- it's really hard to make any predictions. But I think what it should tell all of us is that, and I said a little bit earlier, physical shopping is -- people like to physically shop. We are, by no stretch of the imagination, hitting on all cylinders. We still have tourist centers that don't have tourists, other than domestic. We have parts of the region that were slower to open up, i.e., California, than others.  And I just think the most important point is that people like physical shopping, and, listen, you hear it all the time and I'm sure you get -- Your clients ask you, well nobody shops physically anymore and you try to defend it. Or you'd say, "Yeah, but what about this? What about that?" I think we're just -- we're showing that it matters to the consumer and to these communities. And hopefully, that will continue. And it is -- I will say this, maybe getting to your question, it is across the board. So, it's -- yes.  It's the luxury retailers, but it's also Aeropostale, which the AUM is -- I won't tell you, I'm not allowed. I don't know if I'm allowed to tell you, but the AUM is lower than what it might be for a luxury retailer. Okay? So, it's just Forever 21, which has a lower AUM. So, I think that's just encouraging. Hopefully, the trend will continue. But I think the consumer likes the idea that they can go to a physical shopping place.
Floris van Dijkum: Great. And if I can follow up, I guess, I wanted to -- you talked about the fact that your lease spreads are not -- they're not space-for-space, like-for-like. I wonder if you had that. And also, what is the impact if you have -- if your average sales get to 19 levels, what's the impact on the effective rent that you would be getting relative to the reported rents that you've talked about?
David Simon: Well, I think the easiest way to do that, I mean, that's a complicated number because you've got to go retailer by retailer. We did for the first six months. And our estimate of what our base rent would be based upon -- we got the benefit. There's $5 more base rent had we not lowered our breakpoints due to the COVID reliefs. So that gives you an indication of an interesting stat if that's maybe it's of interest to you. So, I don't --
Floris van Dijkum: Have you --
David Simon: So, I can't really give you a number off the top of my head. It would just be a guess and I really don't want to do that on what it might be. And then again on the spreads, it's not space by space. A lot of people, and I know the burdens on you and the analytic community, but I'd really encourage you; very few people do it the way we do it. Most people do it space-by-space. Some people also include their estimate of if they have a base rent of acts and they think they're going to be in percent rent.  They include that in their spreads. We just -- it's all in and all out, mix matters because of these boxes I explained to you and you know what? It will manifest itself in the cash flow. And the big cash flow growth story that we have going forward is sales growth and put sales growth and occupancy growth, and SPB growth, getting that back to normal. That's the big story. And then lease -- so the spreads -- the spreads -- yeah, I could do a bunch of boxes. The spreads can look not as good as you had looked historically, but the reality is, Mike, cash flow went up because that was vacant space and it's already out of the spread calculation. Focus on cash flow growth, is the bottom line.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks, David. Appreciate it.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Mueller of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mike Mueller: So Q2 looks like it was about 292 without the reversal. And if you look at the 1075 guidance, it implies about a 250-a - quarter average for the balance of the year. What was the level of the number of incomes that won't recur into the back -- no, sorry? What was the level of income in 2Q that won't recur going forward?
David Simon: I'm not sure.
Tom Ward: Say that one more time, Michael. Can you go through that question again, please?
Mike Mueller: Yeah --
David Simon: The only thing that's -- the only -- let me say it this way. The only thing that's not going to recur is the Klepierre deferred tax gain. Again, I can't tell you exactly what retail sales are going to be, retailer sales. I can't tell you what our retail investments are going to be.  There is -- but the only thing that's non-recurring, we will always have certain non-recurring things every year, lease settlement income, sale of an income-producing property. These things always ebb and flow. But the only thing that is not going to recur is the deferred tax. That's a one-time gain, clearly articulated in our press release of $0.32.
Mike Mueller: What about prior period collections, were there any in there that were significant?
David Simon: No, they wouldn't come through the P&L either.
Tom Ward: We saw no recovery, Michael.
David Simon: Yeah.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vince Tibone of Green Street. Your line is open.
Vince Tibone: Hi. Good afternoon. It seems clear that variable rent is growing in the portfolio. I'm just -- could you help frame how much this is shifting? As for the leases you are negotiating today, what is the split between contractual rent and the expected variable rent component? And how is that different from before the pandemic?
David Simon: Well, look, I think that the answer -- the simple way to say this is that if we have -- if we are willing to bet in some cases, on the prospect of our property and our retailer. And to the extent that they are cautious because of what they had to deal with as well, we're willing to accept the lower base rent in some cases, if we get an artificial upside in other cases. And it's not anywhere near the majority. It's only dealing with certain cases, certain lease rollovers. And again, those lease rollovers happen let's say on average, we have 12% a year that rolls over.  Now, last year, we had more, only because we dealt with bankruptcies, which in theory, when you're in bankruptcy, all of your leases rollovers because you have the right to reject leases. So, we did a little bit more last year with some of the brands that went through bankruptcy, because it was at the height of the pandemic, and they were cautious with their plan.  But we made artificially low breakpoints to make some of the income back-ups with the sales set. I would say going forward, we are pretty much back to the normal way to do it, which is trying to get the appropriate base rent and a natural break over that to generate percentage rent. And I will --
Vince Tibone: Got it.
David Simon: -- I will say this. We are still really important. We're still not -- we used to have big, big overage rent numbers from our outlet portfolio because of the foreign tours, and we're still not seeing that. Obviously, tourism dropped during the last couple of years pre-pandemic, strong dollar relationships with countries, et cetera. I won't go through all that stuff. Then we had the pandemic and the restriction.  So, one of the unique things that I think and I hope, not knowing Delta or anything else, is how it's all going to play out. But at some point, in the not-too-distant future, we're going to see really good growth in our high-quality tourism centers, which should manifest itself in additional percentage rent. We have yet to see that for primarily our outlet, but also our Vegas properties as well. We're like a forum shop.
Vince Tibone: No. Thank you. That's a really helpful color. I mean, it sounds like the lease structure is more temporary versus the secular shift towards more available rent. So, I appreciate the color there. One more for me, maybe just shifting gears. I mean, you were fairly active in the mortgage market in recent months. Just was hoping you could provide some color on the recent trends there and just the ability for both you and other than the industry to get non-recourse financing on high-quality malls today.
David Simon: I'd say it's significantly improved, but not easy. Not a day at the beach. Retail is still -- look, I think a quarter like this, a couple of other quarters, pandemic in the rearview mirror, I expect it to get back to normal, but it's still not. That market is still difficult. The unique thing about us is we have an unsecured market for us and we don't necessarily need the mortgage market. Sponsorship is really, really important. But it's dramatically improved, but it's not where it needs to be, where it should be, and where it has been.
Vince Tibone: Yeah, that makes sense. If you had to draw, maybe, a line with them for sale per square foot or quality in terms of being able to get debt, is there anything you already want to throw out there?
David Simon: Look, I think we've done the pentagon cities of the world. We've done those in a really good solid mall in a not [Indiscernible] town. It's tougher and it shouldn't be because the stability of that cash flow is frankly pretty good under our management and ownership. So -- but often to -- like we did domain. We had old real estate parlance.  We over-financed it. The Pentagon City of the world is fine. But if you have that traditional mall and a smaller market, even though it's really good, really solid, really stable, still is more difficult than it should be, in my opinion.
Vince Tibone: Interesting. Well, thank you for the time.
David Simon: Sure. Thanks, Vince.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of Truist. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good afternoon. Can you talk about the retailer investments, the 195 million of NOI? I would've thought, you would have gotten that type of level of income towards the fourth quarter. You've just given us the seasonality that that's inherent in retail. So, I'm just trying to think about that compared to your previous guidance of 260 million of EBITDA, and should we expect a similarly strong quarter in the fourth quarter, or is there something unique that happened this time around?
David Simon: Well, again, remember, this is all -- you're right, you're 100% right, in that like traditional retailers, a lot of it is back-end weighted. We budget the same way. We way outperformed our first six months. It's hard to know exactly what it will be in the next 6 months. But we budget to ramp up too, Ki Bin, so we'll see whether we're on a budget, above budget, below budget. I mean it's -- but we budget that ramp up as well.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. So, there wasn't anything unique to this quarter that would appear like a one-time item or anything like that?
David Simon: Other than dramatic outperformance. That was what's unique about it.
Tom Ward: Yeah. No one-time items [Indiscernible] perform.
David Simon: Yeah.
Ki Bin Kim: All right. And what are your latest thoughts on acquisitions? It's a bit ask out there how that compares to your internal hurdles, just any color you can share on that.
David Simon: Well, we really -- it's really -- there's no action. We've got -- I mean I don't know if I should say this publicly, but it's a little late now. I mean, there's -- we're really not looking at anything that I know of. There's really no action, so it's really hard for me to comment on it because there's just not much happening.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Linda Tsai of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Linda Tsai: Hi. With the pandemic driving more buy online and pickup in-store, how do you think retailers are considering their occupancy cost ratios? And is this a similar approach to the way the retailers you've invested in also approach occupancy cost ratios?
David Simon: Well, that's like there's no standard answer other than to say we are, if they buy online and pickup in-store, that sale goes through our lease, that sale goes into our sales calculation. It's not like it's excluded, so that's going to be part of our occupancy cost discussion.
Linda Tsai: Got it. And then any sense of how the comps have trended for your retailer investments the past couple of months as maybe it relates to 2019 levels?
David Simon: How the retail -- how our retail investments did to '19?
Linda Tsai: Yeah, like a same-store sale.
David Simon: Yeah. I would say, generally, above '19, except for JCPenney because they really were not in bankruptcy in '19. We're still having bankruptcy. They went into bankruptcy in 2020, early 2020. They had a lot less unaffected year. We're still below ' 19 levels, but the rest of them are above ' 19 levels pretty, pretty handsomely.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Your line is open.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey. Good evening, out there.
David Simon: We're out here.
Haendel St. Juste: I wanted to come back to leasing for a second. Clearly, the industry has gone through some changes here in the last year. Few shorter-term deals are being done. Percentage rent deals are a bit more prevalent. I guess I'm curious, as you look at the U.S. mall business here over the next year or two, and more especially in the period from '23 to '25.  I'm thinking about how do you assess the likelihood that leases perhaps don't necessarily go back to being long-term with fixed-rate contractual rent bumps, or maybe they become more like in Asia where they are more percentage rent, and perhaps the leases are shorter in nature. And so, I guess I'm curious, as you seeing what you are seeing, the tone of the conversations, what your thoughts are on there, and maybe some color on the average change in lease term here being signed in the portfolio the last couple of months.
David Simon: The term hasn't changed all that significantly. I would -- look, I would say that I don't think there is a big fundamental shift. When you tend to go short-term, it's because you can agree on what you think the fair market value is. And so, you do a short-term deal. And, again, there's some cautiousness from the retail community because of the pandemic. But, I think, assuming we get over this, I think it's -- we're going to see long-term deals.  We also use short-term deals to our advantage because one is, we may be testing on a new concept, one is, we don't like the rent that the retailer is offering, so let's keep that retailer in there while we go find a better long-term tenant. There's redevelopment, we want to move people around. There are all sorts of strategic reasons to do short-term leases. But I think that's -- the simple straightforward answer is I don't think that the fundamental nature of our business has changed in terms of long-term leases.  Listen, the retailers if they are investing in the store, the better retailers want long-term leases because they want the right, they want the store to look good, they want their personnel to be there. They don't want to go through different personnel. Personnel at the store levels, know when leases are short. And when leases are long, they're more committed to that Company. there is motivation in many, many cases, as we are to have long-term leases.  So, I really don't think other than because of the nature of the pandemic, that the short-term leases are de facto the new industry. I just don't see it. No retailers going to invest in a store without long-term leases. And all the better retailers. All with a good physical plan. All want to put in their omnichannel capabilities and they're not going to do that on the short-term lease.
Haendel St. Juste: I got you and I appreciate those comments. I was just trying to understand that if you have any concern on your part by perhaps the lease exploration schedule that's building up here, over the next couple of years, with some of the shorter-term leases that have been signed over the last year or two, adding on top of the normal lease expiration schedule, especially in that 2023 to '25 period in which you'll be anniversary again. I think some tougher comps from leases signed 7-10 years ago.
David Simon: Yeah. Look, I think, again, because of the quality of our portfolio, I'm not concerned about that. The reality is, we may be negotiating from a position of better position because our properties look great. Sales are great. People -- a lot of the physical retail has dissipated in the markets where the action is.  So, we've made those bets all the time, that we're going to bet on the future. And if we don't -- we can't make a long-term deal. We make it short because we're betting on the future and we've been right more than we've been wrong in those bets. But we're not always right. But that's the judgment that we have to make and we make it reasonably well in my opinion.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Fair enough. And a follow-up, if I could, on these leasing spreads, understanding that that's been impacted by some of the leases you are doing with the lower-percentage rent thresholds, I guess I'm curious. When you provide --
David Simon: It's a little bit of that, but it's primarily the mix as I'd say -- as I've stated. And again --
Haendel St. Juste: Okay.
David Simon: -- it's not straightforward spreads.
Haendel St. Juste: Understood. I was just curious if you were able to provide a figure net of these newer leases that have been done here with the lower-percentage rent thresholds.
David Simon: I mean, we could -- let me just say this, we could paint an unbelievably good picture there, but we just put all the stuff in, and the number is the number. So, if we went space-by-space, if we did it over a certain period of time, if we -- there are all sorts of ways you could create the number we would want you to focus on. But it's just a number to us. It's not what's driving our business. Okay?
Haendel St. Juste: Alright. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg McGinnis of Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Greg McGinnis: Hey, David. Hi, team. I think one of the key concerns for investors today is the potential longer-term drag from lower-quality assets, maybe at least not if they remain primarily retail. How are you thinking about investing, or maybe not investing, in the different quality bands within your portfolio to extract the most long-term value from those assets?
David Simon: Really not much of an issue for us. It's a de minimis number and it's like any other Company. If you have a profitable business, maybe you don't invest in it if you don't think the growth is there and you meet the cash flow. But if investors are concerned about that, my initial reaction is we should do a better job of explaining the quality of our portfolio, and the depth and breadth of our business. So, we encourage you to have them call us.  We'd be more than happy to walk through the portfolio, answer any questions that they have on it. But I don't think after that, they would come away with that being a real concern. If that does happen, it's on the margin. $0.03, $0.05, something like that. So, anybody that's concerned about that, please call me, Brian, or Tom. Or you can set it up and we'll walk them through the asset base.
Greg McGinnis: All right. Appreciate that. Could you possibly touch on maybe how the operating performance differs between the higher end and the lower end? We used to get those NOI weighted numbers, which were helpful, but just curious how that performance is going today.
David Simon: I have them -- they're pretty -- I have them somewhere. Yeah, let's see. Basically, occupancy in the EBITDA weighted is 93 to 91.8. And average base minimum rent is higher, obviously, but the spreads about the same, and the total rents about the same. And sales are rolling 12, or pretty consistent on a percent basis. But the rolling 12, when you can't -- remember, rolling 12, we have 3 months of downtime, so it's irrelevant. But the most important number is occupancy and it's a little bit better.
Greg McGinnis: Okay. Really what I'm trying to understand, and what others are trying to understand, is whether or not there's any need for a higher level of dispositions post-pandemic or maybe just as the retail market evolves, and how the portfolio is coming to address them all.
David Simon: We've got -- we've always been selling. We just sold the residential thing at a -- like a below sub-4 cap rate. There are a couple of retail properties that we've earmarked for sale. Markets are not quite there. We'll see what happens. Thank you.
Greg McGinnis: All right. thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets. Please, go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Just wanted to hit on the guidance question again because it seems like you guys have outperformed expectations on the retail side on your investments, but the guidance implies that de-sell kind of x the one time from Klepierre. Should we just think that that is just conservatism built-in for the second half, given the volatility on the retail side? Or is there another reason for the sequential implied decline in the back half from a clean second-quarter run rate number?
David Simon: Well, look, I think all I can tell you is that we have beaten our first quarter, our second quarter. We hope to beat third and we hope to beat the fourth, but we're in the midst of the third and we're in the midst of the fourth, and we'll see how it -- how it shakes out. But we feel, as I mentioned to you earlier, we feel pretty good as to where we're positioned.
Juan Sanabria: Just to a follow-up is just in terms of mall operating hours. Are those back to pre-pandemic levels and if not --
David Simon: Yeah. It is -- yeah. That's a good question. They're inching back toward it, more or less. We may be an hour short on -- excuse me. We may be an hour short on Monday through Wednesday, but basically Thursday, Friday, Saturday we're pretty much back to normal.
Juan Sanabria: Is that just a lack of availability of labor issue or is it something else at this point?
David Simon: No, it's pretty back to normal. I think that, in some cases, the retailers like it. It's something we're always monitoring and it's -- there is -- it's a very interesting subject because some retailers love it somewhat, more hours to go back. It gives me a headache when I think about all the different opinions. But it's pretty much back to normal, maybe an hour short in the early part of the week.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
David Simon: But it's something -- the important point is something we monitor and manage daily, weekly, in significant consultation with our retailers. And it is -- and it has increased materially since the early days of reopening.
Juan Sanabria: Understood. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time --
David Simon: No, go ahead, Operator.
Operator: Yeah, at this time, I would like to turn the call over to David Simon for closing remarks, sir?
David Simon: All right. Thank you. Have a great rest of your summer and we'll talk soon Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-11 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the First Quarter, 2021 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker today, Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Lori. Thank you, all, for joining us this evening. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, chairman, chief executive officer, and president. Also on the call are Brian McDade, chief financial officer; and Adam Reuille, chief accounting officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect that request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone the opportunity to ask question and the opportunity to participate. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good evening. I'm pleased to report that our business has significantly improved after having addressed the impacts from COVID-19, including the restrictive governmental orders that have forced us to shut down, as well as reduce our operating capacity. Thankfully, those restrictions are now being lifted. I'm pleased to report our continued improvement in our profitability and cash flow generated for the first quarter. First quarter funds from operation was $934 million or $2.48 per share. FFO increased approximately $150 million or $0.31 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. Our international operations continued to be affected by governmental closure orders and capacity restrictions. And in fact, the quarter was negatively impacted by approximately $0.08 per share compared to our expectations given the closures that have occurred internationally. We also recorded additional COVID impacts in the first quarter of approximately $0.07 per share from based upon basically domestic rent abatements and uncollectible rents. We generated $875 million in cash from operations in the quarter, which was an increase of 18% compared to the prior-year period. We collected over 95% of our net billed rents for the first quarter and our in-line tenant collections are back to pre-COVID levels in the approximate 98% range. Our operating metrics in the period were as follows: mall and outlet occupancy at the end of the first quarter was 90.8%, down 50 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. This 50 basis point decline for the quarter is approximately 75% - 75 basis points less than the average historical seasonal decline from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. Average base rents was $56.07, up 60 basis points year over year. Leasing spreads declined for the trailing 12 months, primarily due to the mix of deals that have fallen out, the spread calculation that have resulted in an increase to the average closing rate by approximately $8 per square foot for the trailing 12 months. Pricing continues to improve with the average opening rate per square foot for the trailing 12 months of approximately $60 per foot. And as you can see in the lease expiration schedule included in our supplemental, our expiring rents for the next few years are less than $60 per square foot. Keep in mind that the opening rate included in our spread calculation does not include any estimates for variable lease income based on sales. In certain circumstances in addressing tenant COVID negotiations last year, we, in certain cases, agreed to lower our initial base rent in exchange for lower unnatural sales breakpoints, allowing us to participate in the improved sales performance as the economy recovers. Now we think that will end up being a very smart move on our behalf. Those deals are included in the average opening rate at the lower base minimum rent and does not include our estimation of what the percentage rent could be, and we'll, obviously, believe those contributions in time will add to our cash flow. Leasing momentum has continued across our portfolio. We signed 1,100 leases for approximately 4.4 million square feet, and we have significant number of leases in our pipeline, our leasing volume in both number of leases in square feet was greater than the volume in each of the first quarter of 2020 and 2019. The improving domestic economic environment, shopper sentiment, have increased shopper foot traffic and sales across our portfolio. As I mentioned, increased in traffic for our open air and suburban centers has been very encouraging and retail sales continue to improve across the portfolio with higher sales volumes in March compared to 2019 levels. We opened West Midlands Designer Outlet, our second outlet in the United Kingdom in early April. This was behind schedule, was supposed to open in the fall of 2020 but was delayed due to COVID restrictions. We're pleased that this has now been lifted and we're now able to open and serve the shoppers. During the first quarter, we started construction of our fifth premium outlet in South Korea. We're excited about that opportunity. And hopefully by now, with respect to our brand and retailer investments, you've seen that we've been able to add significant value there. Our global brands within SPARC outperformed their plans in March and April on both sales and gross margin, led by Forever 21 and Aropostale. For the two months combined, SPARC outperformed the sales plan by more than $135 million and our gross margin plan by more than $75 million. And we're also very pleased with the JCPenney early results. They continue to be above our plan. Our company's liquidity position at Penney is strong at $1.2 billion, and balance sheet is in very good shape with leverage of less than 1.2 times net debt to projected EBITDA. We continue to add new brands to the JCPenney portfolio, and we expect growth to be our focus going forward. Just a quick update on Taubman, we're very pleased with our partnership and the results in the first quarter. Our teams have collectively shared and implemented many best practices and are adding value to the assets. We expect to step up redevelopment plans with mixed-use opportunities throughout their TRG portfolio. Capital markets, very similar to what we always do. We're very active. We completed $1.5 billion senior note offering at 1.96%, weighted average term of 8.4 years. We also completed a EUR 750 million note, shouldn't say dollar, at one and one-eighths percent coupon at a term of 12 years. We used those proceeds to completely repay the $2 billion unsecured term facility associated with the Taubman deal, as well as pay off our $550 million senior notes. We've also refinanced six mortgages for $1.3 billion, our share of which is $589 million at an average interest rate of 3.36%. That market is continuing to improve. And at the end of the quarter, with all this activity, we have $8.4 billion of liquidity, consisting of $6.9 billion available on our credit facility; $1.5 billion of cash, including our share of JV cash. And reminder, that is net of $500 million of U.S. commercial paper outstanding at quarter end. We paid $1.30 per share in cash, in terms of our dividend on April 23. And then, finally, as you've seen, given our first-quarter results, we are increasing our full-year 2021 FFO guidance from $9.50 to $9.75 per share to $9.70 to $9.80 per. This is an increase of $0.20 per share at the bottom end of the range and $0.05 at the top end of the range or a 13% - or a $0.13 increase at midpoint and that represents a 6.5% to 7.6% growth rate compared to our 2020 results. So in conclusion, pleased with the results, encouraged with what we're seeing in terms of sales, traffic, retail demand. And we continue to continue to increase our performance and our Profitability. Ready for questions.
Operator: Our first question is from Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Rich Hill: Hey, David, good afternoon. I had a quick question on the guide. Look, we've argued that the guide looks pretty conservative because I think if you assume no NOI growth versus 2020, you can sort of get to the high end of the prior range. And so the revision looks fairly conservative to us. I recognize there was some lease termination benefits in this quarter. So maybe you can just walk us through how you think about the cadence of that guide in 2Q, 3Q and 4Q?
David Simon: Well, Rich, you can't blame us for being conservative, can you?
Rich Hill: No sir.
David Simon: After what we dealt with for 14 months, we did not - just a couple of things. We - the lease settlement income was kind of in our plan, one. On the other hand, we did not - when we gave our initial guidance, we did not expect the negative results that we saw in Europe, primarily of $0.08. So that hurt us by $0.08. And that's still going to underperform given the restrictions for the rest of the year because that lockdown amazingly took a lot longer and lasted a lot longer. So unfortunately, in Europe, they're still dealing with COVID. That will have an impact. And then, I would say we - as you know, in the first quarter, we did still have some abatement and some bad debt, so to speak, that also affected us of $0.07. So we still think we are - there may be some further activity in that. We don't know. It's pretty much behind us at this point. But we're conservative. We've got Europe. I think the comp NOI, we didn't give you a number, but we expect in the U.S. to do better than what we initially thought. And I hope you're right. I hope we're conservative and I hope we do better than what we've what we're guiding to, but it's just been a traumatic time for this company and our folks, and you can't blame us.
Rich Hill: Understood. I have one follow-up question. And hopefully, I'm not putting words in your mouth, but I think on the last earnings call, you had talked about total core portfolio, ex-Taubman, being in the 3% to 4% range for 2021. And I note that total portfolio was plus 4% in this quarter, including Taubman, if I read it correctly. So how should we think about the total portfolio growth going forward, recognizing you haven't guided? Is that 3% to 4% still accurate, meaning that there should be a pretty significant ramp over the next several quarters?
David Simon: Well, let's separate the two. I think when we talked about our comp, we thought we were going to be in the four-ish range, just comp, excluding Taubman. So to be clear, at least that's what our - my intent was when we had our year-end call. We expect to be a little bit above that. I mean, we still don't know. As I mentioned to you, because of COVID and some of the negotiations with retailers, we're betting a little bit more, so to speak, on the com because of the sales aspect of it. But we would hope to be around 5% on that as we look at it. And then, Taubman, we are just putting that in based on our plan. They're off to a pretty good start, and that's where you get the portfolio numbers. So the comp NOI should be in the 4% to 5%, hopefully, on the high end of that range. And then we itemized Taubman because we didn't want to confuse people. We're just going to show you those results. Then next year, 2022, we'll just have the TRG portfolio on our comps. So you'll see Taubman the rest of the year the way it's outlined. Did that help you at all?
Rich Hill: It does. I can follow up with Brian and Tom off-line on some wonky accounting questions, but that's helpful color. I'll get back in the queue.
David Simon: I pride myself in being a wonk. So if you're ever bored, you can call me anytime.
Rich Hill: All right, sir. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: So thanks. Good afternoon, David. I was wondering if you could just comment a little bit more on kind of the leasing momentum and you talked about the 4.4 million feet done in Q1. Maybe just give us a little bit more color kind of what the pipeline sort of looks like, what types of attendance are you seeing. Is there a focus, whether it be food, whether it be on apparel, whether it be on entertainment? Just what are you seeing on the leasing today?
David Simon: Well, keep my fingers crossed, but we're actually seeing really good demand across the board. Very interestingly, the restaurants demand is at the very high level. We're seeing a lot of restaurateurs that for some of the fixed space that was vacated They want to come in, retrofit it, get open quicker. So we're seeing really good demand there. I think some of the strong retailers are growing their business significantly. American Eagle is a great example. Urban Outfitters is a great - another great example of two companies that just pop to mind that have We have multiple deals in the works on. We're probably 80% done, Steve, on our renewals thus far. And I'd say we generally feel pretty good and much better than we felt in a long time. And I just think the - we're seeing a resurgence in brand. So let's take a great example of a company, Crocs. Crocs was hot a decade ago. People thought it lost its mojo, maybe it had. It's now killing it. So we are seeing footwear, we're seeing apparel. We're seeing another - a lot of brands in the - that are new, that are coming into the - that want great retail real estate. So I'm seeing basically a resurgence across the board, and our team is very, very active. We're also seeing demand from entrepreneurs, local, regional. So pretty good results are coming that I think you'll start to see in the upcoming quarters.
Steve Sakwa: OK, thanks. And I guess, that sort of dovetails into sort of my follow-up, when you think about kind of the occupancy trend, and I appreciate your comments that the drop sequentially was maybe less than what you normally see seasonally. But do you feel like occupancy at this point is now at the bottom and you start to see that kind of improve throughout this year or into next year? And then same with kind of leasing spreads, does this kind of mark the bottom here on leasing spreads?
David Simon: Well, again, I think we gave a rather lengthy explanation on leasing spreads. The thing I would focus on, it is mix driven. So that's the first point. The other thing is, as part of COVID, we were doing renewals, where we had lower base rents and more unnatural breakpoints, which I think hopefully, based on sales trends are going to actually - we're going to actually have made a pretty good bet on that. So I don't think you'll see that as the mix changes, and gets more stable, and that's why we pointed out the kind of - what you see expiring. I would hope for that you'd see that essentially that decrease go away with time as that goes out. So that's the first point. And then, I think, occupancy, I would think we would see improvement clearly where we were at the end of last year by the time we get back up to year-end. So I would expect a reasonable improvement on '20 versus '21. We're not going to get back to 2019 levels in '21. We look kind of more in '22, '23 level, but that's a little bit of a estimate. But the demand, frankly, I don't want to oversell it. That's not my style. But I mean, I'm - we've got - and I don't like naming names, but even though I named two already, we are just making deals with - across the board with a bunch of people. We do have some - still have some difficult relationships and negotiations that we're dealing with. And again, I won't name names, but - so to the extent it's not - the occupancy uptick is not as robust as you think, it's primarily because we've taken the tactical response that, look, we're not going to - if they're not paying what we think is fair, we'd just rather sit on empty space. And that's a judgment that I hope investors will appreciate that having done this for quite some time, we're not always going to get it right, but the fact of the matter is we're going to try and do fair deals. But to the extent that it's too one-sided, we're just - we'll sit on the space. So we still have a few of those kind of scenarios that will probably play out in '21.
Steve Sakwa: Great. That's it for me. Thanks.
David Simon: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question is from Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi there. Maybe just following up on the occupancy point. The lease termination fees were significant in the quarter. And I think you mentioned that was kind of your plan. What made you comfortable allowing this tenant or multiple tenants move out early and Simon take that termination income rather than keeping them in occupancy?
David Simon: Yeah, that's really in our - it's a good, really good question. It's really an art versus science. It's really a function. We don't really like to do it. But in some cases, we think the space is really good, and we'll be able to ring the bell on the lease termination income and then lease it up. And so we get the benefit of both. If I get the present value of that lease stream more or less, and then I have the space to lease, that's a pretty good business for us to do. And that's the case, that's what we saw in Q1. So we basically, in a lot of cases, took the net present - near 100% of the net present value of that lease, got the money, got the cash, then we have the space and then we'll lease it up. That's pretty good case, and that's pretty smart to do, pretty thoughtful to do. Our space isn't going anywhere. Our malls aren't going anywhere. There's still great real estate, demand is picking up. So in some cases, we'll - that's the kind of trade we'll make. We're not taking real discounts to NPV. And obviously, we are very sophisticated in running the math to see what the fair deal is.
Caitlin Burrows: OK. And then, maybe on the acquisition front, Simon raised equity later in 2020, and I think some of it was earmarked for possible property acquisitions. So just wondering what you're seeing in terms of opportunity, and I guess, willing sellers, and is there any commentary on whether you're more interested in potential U.S. or international properties.
David Simon: Well, I think we have built a great portfolio over a long period of time. We don't need anything to continue to run profitably and grow our earnings now after having dealt with 14, 15 months of COVID. On the other hand, if there's some - a few properties here and there that make strategic sense, we're willing able buyers of that. The sellers, they ebb and they flow, and sometimes their expectations aren't where we think they should be. Obviously, we're very active with Taubman. We think that's going to turn out to be a very good deal for everybody involved. So it's not like we haven't just done a significant transaction. And we think there's lots of upside in the portfolios we work with the Taubmans to recover from COVID. So we're - we've got our eye out. We're - we've got a great network. We can always enhance it, but we also are looking at content. And where - what do I mean by content? Well, you'll see - as we point out to the value creation in some of our content deals over this year or next, you'll see our ability to create significant value off balance sheet that I think helps us with content and what we are trying to do in terms of positioning our real estate for the future.
Caitlin Burrows: OK, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb of Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good afternoon, David. How are you?
David Simon: Good.
Alexander Goldfarb: Oh, fabulous, fabulous.
David Simon: It's earnings. We got a bunch of stuff still going on.
Alexander Goldfarb: Life is good. So two questions here. Saw the Eddie Bauer news, and if my ability to read English is correct, it looks like you did that in the traditional ABG investment wrapper not in the SPAC. So a two-parter for my first question, just - I know last time on the call, you said the SPAC will do a lot more than just traditional retail, but maybe just walk through thoughts on how stuff goes into - just remind us how stuff goes into the ABG wrapper versus the SPAC. And then, two, the disclosure on Page 16, which you guys have had for a while, but it does show the benefit from these retail investments starting to come through, which really shows that, hey, these things are making money. But to that point, just sort of curious how much of the brand's NOI is coming from Simon centers versus coming from non-Simon centers?
David Simon: Well, we don't really go through that. But no, these are retailers that have essentially a very broad portfolio. And so they get a lot of their profitability from stores and e-commerce outside of our portfolio. So just to touch on your last one. So just a quick note on Eddie Bauer. So Eddie Bauer, we will partner with ABG to buy the IP, which we think is terrific. It's been around 100 years, celebrated 100-year anniversary, I think, last year. It was the first company to create the down jacket. And in 2019, it did $786 million of sales, and we are buying the IP at a fraction, a lot less than one times. And if you look at where brands are being priced, you will have noticed that we did - we'll do a great deal. In addition, we are buying - SPARC will buy the operating company which were partners with ABG on for essentially the working capital, and they'll operate the stores. And we think - again, they're going to add $30 million to $40 million of EBITDA to SPARC. SPARC this year projected we'll do about $130 million of EBITDA. That doesn't really come through because we have depreciation. We don't add that back for FFO and the like. But - and so SPARC is doing fantastic. Eddie Bauer, adding that to SPARC will be really beneficial, and then we're beginning to create kind of a whole outdoor apparel with the brands that we have with Nautica and so on. And then I think the IP of Eddie Bauer will be - will have growth associated with it under the ABG umbrella.
Alexander Goldfarb: But as far as like your thoughts of this going into theirs, like so is the SPAC really just for more like technology or efficiency cost investments, not retail?
David Simon: Well, this is not in the SPAC. The SPAC is available to do kind of what we told the market, things outside. But this is like a core ABG, SPARC transaction that the synergies associated with folding this into SPARC doing the - following the same game plan that we've done with all the other brands we bought is essentially a no-brainer.
Alexander Goldfarb: OK. Second question is, David, ESG, certainly a growing investment outlook and a lot of funds looking for it, but there's more talk in retail about the efficiencies of physical versus online. Clearly, individual boxes being shipped, intuitively doesn't make sense. Driving trucks, whether gas or electric through neighborhoods doesn't sort of compete versus bulk shipment to the malls and shopping centers. So what are you guys doing to address this, not just on the white paper you did a few years ago, but more collectively, whether individually or industry, to really highlight and showcase the environmental benefits of physical retail to the investment community and to the local communities as a whole versus just what the industry has done before, which as I say, you've done the white paper, etc.?
David Simon: Well, Alex, this reminds me of the - it's - if you can sense hesitation, it's because you can sense frustration. Physical shopping, unquestionably, is better for the environment than e-commerce. And we have written studies on it. We have discussed it and right now, nobody cares. It's our job to have the communities care. And I think part of why people cared less was, obviously, because of COVID and priorities were focused elsewhere. But I think it's a real focus for us in the future to explain the merits of our physical footprint and what it means for carbon footprint of physical stores vis-a-vis e-commerce, not to mention all of the energy costs, server costs, etc., packaging. You can go on and on and on about the cost associated, the carbon footprint of e-commerce compared to physical. And I will refute anyone, and I think others have tried to say that e-commerce is - has less carbon footprint. It - that just is not true. So - but we have our job to do much - reminds me, we got to get the governments to care. We got to get governments to ask. And it reminds me that I've been around enough to know that e-commerce, Internet sales, taxation, we talk, we talk, we talk. Everybody says, you're right, you're right, you're right. Nobody did anything until thankfully, the Supreme Court overturned the Quill decision to level the playing field. There is no reason, in addition to that that retail real estate should be taxed 10 times what warehouse and distribution facilities are taxed, 10 times. But hopefully, when we give our pitch to local jurisdictions, real estate assessors, government authorities and so on, they will care. We do. And - but we - I'm open to ideas on how to get the message out. The message is clear to me. Hopefully, people will care.
Alexander Goldfarb: We do.
David Simon: And I'm open to ideas on how to get the message out.
Alexander Goldfarb: The message is clear to me. Hopefully people will care. OK, thanks, David.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Bilerman of Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Great. Good afternoon, David. I wanted to ask you about sort of development and redevelopment spending. You're, obviously, I think, enthusiastic as all of us are about the recovery and everything that's happening. How do you think about increasing the deployment of capital, either into new assets or into existing assets? If you look on Page 25 of the supplemental, I think that $430 million may be the lowest I've seen in years. And I think back - I think over the last decade, David, you put like $8 billion to work in your assets. So how should we think about deployment of capital over the next couple of quarters or at least announcements of investing more capital when you also think about the investments you can make in Taubman's assets, which I think the schedule excludes?
David Simon: Yeah, it's absolutely a very valid observation. I mean, with COVID, we shut things down, we've frankly stopped construction of certain projects in midstream. One is because we had to because governmental orders; two is we didn't necessarily see any light at the end of the tunnel when you basically have 230 properties shut down across the country. So the good news is we were able to do it. We did it without incident, we did it justly, fairly, appropriately And now we're starting back up, Michael. We're still going - we are still a little conservative on that front, primarily. We still have concerns about - we just want to make sure we're through the COVID crises that we've all had to deal with. But it is a goal of ours and a focus of ours to crank this up. Now the good news it's there, it's ready. We've rethought some projects. I think I mentioned this last time, a couple of the California projects, we had more retail than we probably will now. And we're evaluating supply and demand when it comes to other mixed-use components of it. The good news is, without question, the silver lining in surviving this very tough time for all of us, has been that it wasn't too long ago, and it's like clocks. It wasn't too long ago where Suburbia was like, forget about it, right? So to me, and I mentioned this, I don't know, two calls ago, suburbia is hot. Suburbia is the place to be. And we just happen to have a lot of great, well-located suburban real estate that we tend to take - will tend to take advantage of. And I don't think this is a short-term scenario. I think this will play out for several years. So we've got some really good stuff. And the redevelopment pipeline will pick up. And I think Our experience and knowledge and execution will clearly help. And the Taubman portfolio is a great suburban real estate more or less. And there will be great opportunities to add to that. We're already working on, as an example, they have a big development in Cherry Creek, which will end up being a major mixed-use opportunity for TRG that we're there to help the partners sort through as it develops.
Michael Bilerman: So when we're thinking about this slide at the end of the year, do you think it could easily be at, let's say, a $2 billion run rate when you include Taubman and all the projects that you're accelerating? I'm just trying to get a sense of how much. And also, just given your overall enthusiasm about the results and where you see traffic and sales and leasing, I'm just trying to get a sense of how much that will translate into incremental capital above and beyond what you've already identified?
David Simon: Well, again, it's all valid questions. I would say to you by year-end, and this is a guess, and Brian who's looking at me shaking his head, no. But I would - when you look - and we've got a couple of things in Europe that we'll probably do when you put it all together, I would say - again, the spend will be over a year plus we'll end up having a pipeline probably at about $1 billion of stuff that we'll have committed to by year-end. Again, don't hold me to that number, but that would be kind of my gut feel.
Brian McDade: Yeah, there will be some that we'll talk to too, Michael. So don't forget about that piece. So there will be projects that get delivered for the year that will ultimately reduce that number.
Michael Bilerman: Right, right. And then, just as a follow-up. Clearly, there's a lot of people going out and doing things, and I don't know if it's revenge shopping or stimulus shopping, but there are certainly much more people going out and shopping. How are you able to discern how much of this is just that? Just like we've been stuck around for so long, I just need to get out and do something. I want to go shop versus something that's longer lasting. And are you able to sort of tease out anything from the data analytics in terms of dwell times or conversion rates or any certain retail categories that are seeing more long-lasting benefits than maybe one type of shot in the arm?
David Simon: Well, I think that's the big question, right? So that's why we continue to be conservative because between being cooped up, between being locked down, between the stimulus, between celebrating that we are - the country is still around, and we're still going to try to get back to normal, there's clearly some level of euphoria around that. It would be impossible for me to tell you what percent that is. But that's why we were being conservative. On the other hand, we're still seeing pockets of the country that haven't really seen that yet. Who? California is a great example, parts of the New York region. There's still no international tourism, which we would expect to see in '22. So even if it kind of like stabilizes or just kind of normalizes, there'll be other pockets that I think will pick up as the entire country reopens. I mean, let's take California versus Florida. I mean, Disney World has been open nine months. And Disneyland, I think just opened, right? So California has a nine-month lag. And we've got - we're - we've got real presence in California, as you know, that we'll see the benefits of. And then I - and don't underestimate, I do believe, assuming - and this is a global issue, but I do think people are going to start to travel again, globally, probably won't happen much until end of this year or certainly in '22. But we're going to see a pick of that - pickup of that. We might see that in Europe, just because the Chinese has stayed at home. With the Chinese coming here, we could see that here. So there are elements that will pick up the slack to the extent that the last couple of months have been really, really nice to see.
Michael Bilerman: OK, thanks for the color, David.
Operator: Our next question is from Derek Johnston of DB. Your line is open.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everybody. Thank you. Hi, David. So we touched on this a bit, but our store checks are pointing to a pretty high level of online order fulfillment from the mall or the retail store itself. And is this a tenant last mile approach that you're seeing gaining any type of traction? And especially since distribution space has gotten so costly, are retailers talking about this? And could there be a growing trend at work here kind of the merger between online and in-store?
David Simon: Well, there's no question that most of the sophisticated retailers really want to be - I don't want to use all the buzzwords, but seamless between online and ship from store, pick up in store, all of that stuff. It's interesting, when we talk to retailers, the majority want to do that. Some like to fulfill it still in the distribution facility. So it's not uniform across the board, but they all want a seamless experience. They want to be able to offer clearly pick-up in-store or deliver from store. In a lot of cases, with shipping and delays that's much more advantageous to them. A handful would prefer to execute out of their distribution facilities. But I'd say the vast majority are moving toward seamless pick-up, ship from store, using that as so to speak, a - ability to fulfill from the physical store is a real advantage to them in terms of delivery costs and so on. So yeah, though there's a few that find it more efficient to do otherwise. So it's like everything else in retail, there's not one size fits all. But it's a good trend. And I think they need their footprint. With the connection for the retailer, lots of retailers will tell you that - not to be repetitive. But as we said and others have said, look, when they close a store and that's their store in their marketplace, they lose the e-commerce business. Or vice versa, when they open a store, their e-commerce business goes up. So they look at it in totality. I think with all the ability now to study the consumer better with all the data, we're able to do a much better job.
Derek Johnston: Thank you. That makes sense. Could you expand on some of the early reads from the JCPenney investment? I know you spent some time on Forever 21 and Arrow, and even called out JCPenney briefly. What are you seeing importantly at JCPenney? How have the trends held up there? Are there any remerchandising wins or early successes that you'd like to expand on?
David Simon: Well, I think we've been mostly like all of our deals when we buy a retailer out of bankruptcy, we are in the stabilization mode and the capital preservation mode. We've accomplished both of those already. As I mentioned to you, in the call, we've got $1.2 billion of liquidity and undrawn ABL. So we're in good shape. We are bringing new merchandise brands to it. But importantly, some of the other brands that were nervous about us - when I say nervous, not about Simon and ABG, but nervous when you go through a bankruptcy, reestablishing those relationships and giving the vendors comfort that we're going to be around and able to pay for the goods has been really rewarding and we're seeing more and more confidence from the vendor community. So because when you go through bankruptcy, not only landlords get burned, but vendors get burned, and so it's very important for us as new owners taking Penney out of bankruptcy that we give the vendors comfort that we're going to be around to do it. Now the ultimately move toward growth is the future of what we are working on. We're not there yet. We stabilized it. We are bringing in new brands. We've got lots of ideas and what to do there. But the first goal is to rightsize the company, strengthen the financial capabilities, repairing a vendor relationships that we need to do, stabilize the morale and so on. Obviously, that's harder to do in COVID, when people are working remotely. But we've - I've been proud of the execution, and so far, the results. Our plan is above where we thought it was going to be. So that's very encouraging. But in order to turn JCPenney into a 21st century retailer, that's still work in progress.
Derek Johnston: Understood. Thanks, David.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. I'm just thinking about sales per square foot, if you were to annualize 1Q sales, are you within spitting distance of your pre-COVID sales per square foot? Or is there still a way to go?
David Simon: Well, the best - I would say it depends how far you spit Craig, OK? If you play - it depends if you play baseball or not and - what do they call that when they have the - what is that?
Brian McDade: Spittoon.
David Simon: Spittoon. That's the word I'm looking for. So just to give you a sense of - the best way for us to look at it is March of 2019 to March of '21. I mean, we're way over March of '20. I mean, we are 130% above March of '20. But put that aside because that I would say to you when you put it all together in March of '21 compared to March of 2019, comparable - so same basically stores, we're like a little under - we're like minus 7%, 8%, OK? Now I think April will be ahead of - so when you look at April and March together, I think we're going to be ahead of sales for April, March of 2019, April, March '21, OK? Is that helpful?
Craig Schmidt: Yes, that's very helpful.
David Simon: And I think that's the way to do it. So yes, I think we're - it's pitting difference. And I think we'll be ahead by - as April sales come rolling in, if you put the two months together, we'll be ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then, I know you were talking earlier about possibly ramping up redevelopment and developments, would you think more would be spent on mixed-use efforts or anchor repositionings?
David Simon: I think we'll end up, given the move toward the suburbs and what's happening there and away from CBDs, I actually - I mean, again, this is just a gut feel. So I actually think there'll probably be more toward mixed-use. I really do.
Craig Schmidt: OK. And then just finally, are you planning to introduce a lot of your SPARC brands into JCPenney? Like can we see any Bauer department in JCPenney's future?
David Simon: I think it's the - it's not just SPARC brands, but it could be ABG brands. Remember, ABG owns a lot of - they have the IP for a lot of different brands. So the answer is, without question, the - it takes time, obviously, design it, manufacture it and get it in there. But I would think in '22, maybe even late '21, we'll start to see a lot of the ABG brands end up in JCPenney.
Craig Schmidt: OK, that's it for me. Thanks. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Floris Van Dijkum of Compass Point. Your line is open.
Floris Van Dijkum: Guys, thanks for taking my question. David, maybe - obviously, very encouraging so far. Talking about comp sales of 4% to 5% this year for your historical SPG portfolio. Presumably, Taubman is going to see something similar. Are you working on any initiatives in the TRG portfolio? I'm thinking more of one of the things that sets SPG apart from some of its peers is your focus on specialty leasing, kiosks, things like that. Is that going to be more of an element in the TRG portfolio? Or are they going to be - remain a more traditional high-end retailer? Or do you - where do you see the revenue opportunities in TRG in particular? And could that same-store growth actually be higher as a result of not having some of these things that SPG has had in the past?
David Simon: Yeah, I think the short answer is without question. We've actually - they - it wasn't that they were - first of all, you can execute any program we have and still maintain a high-end mall. But put that aside, the - we just this - we just have a lot of - we have a lot of resources to bear. I mean, we've got a big field operation. We're basically in the most - all of their markets. And I think by doing local leasing, specialty leasing, sponsorship at the rate and at the level that we do, we're going to see significant upside in TRG. And in fact, we basically implemented in many cases, the existing SPG sales force for no better word to start selling our product to that portfolio. So that's actually been implemented and we're at work on it. So - and the working relationship to execute that was honestly, great and a lot easier than when I had to deal with Chelsea folks when we came in, OK? So - and I think it's been very - it's been the relationship, the coordination on leasing and development, me and Rick and the Taubmans, doing all of that stuff has been excellent. And yes, the short answer is there is upside, and we've got the - they were limited in resources, frankly, to do it, not out of neglect or out of a different point of view. I just didn't have the people, the scale to do it. Here we go. So we're ready. And we're doing things like insurance that we have more scale to there. So there's all sorts of those things that we are bringing to bear without - with open arms on both sides. So I do think that that portfolio will have a little bit higher uptick with time than probably us because we already do it and they don't. So we'll hope to see some of the benefit of that in the future.
Floris Van Dijkum: Great. Thanks. And maybe one follow-up. If you could maybe comment, you're now on both sides of the table, if you will, you're the landlords and you also own these retailers. Does your confidence that you're exuding in this call partly stem from the uptick that you're seeing in the retailers that you've made an investment in? And maybe if you could share some of the growth in maybe sales for those retailers? And you sort of commented a little bit about that, but also the growth in EBITDA that you potentially see going forward for the retailer part of your business?
David Simon: Well, I mean, obviously, that data that helps us. So I mentioned in the call for us that literally just two brands in SPARC, Forever 21 and Aropostale, are literally $135 million over their plan already. Now their February wasn't as great. Remember, February had a lot of uptick in COVID. But - and so it's sure. I mean, it does - it's a great reference point and it does give us confidence. We're seeing similar good results in Penney. But importantly, our guys across the board talk to all sorts of retailers from luxury to moderate, to department stores. People are feeling pretty good and look at the retail stocks. I mean, the retail stocks have blown past us. I mean, I had Tom do his thing for me. We're still below our COVID - pre-COVID price yet the retailers are, in many cases, 200% higher than what they were. So the answer is, yes, we have a lot of data. We understand the consumer better than ever. But importantly, we have content now that allows us flexibility and knowledge that we didn't necessarily have before.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Mueller of J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: Hi. In terms of the $0.07 of COVID reserves and abatements, was there any prior-period collections that were positive offset within it that may not repeat?
David Simon: Nothing material. We did collect deferred rent of how much, Brian?
Brian McDade: Yeah, the deferred, we collected $100 million of previously deferred rents. But that was earnings that we recognized last year, was simply working capital adjustment, Michael.
David Simon: Yeah. So that didn't flow through the P&L, but it's always good to see a collection of deferred rent. So but no, not anything noteworthy at all, Mike.
Michael Mueller: OK, that was it. Thank you.
David Simon: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Tsai of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Just looking at your NOI overview disclosure on Page 16, it looks like your share of NOI from retailer investments and also corporate and other NOI sources were down a bit sequentially. What was driving that?
Brian McDade: Well, Linda, it's Brian. With respect to the NOI from retailers, you got to remember the seasonality of the retail business, typically, first quarter is the low mark. And so you're actually seeing a positive contribution here relative to historical. Sequentially versus fourth quarter, you would be down because the fourth quarter is, obviously, the biggest point in the year. With respect to corporate and other NOI sources, we do provide the breakdown of that. What you see is the - coming through that line is an increase in lease settlement income. And then offsetting that is some further reductions from our auxiliary lines of business in the first quarter relative to the first quarter of last year. So Simon Business Ventures, those kind of businesses were down relative to a full quarter last year.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And just in terms of the strength in 1Q leasing, can you just talk about who the backfill options are? Are they existing retailers or more new to market?
David Simon: I missed the question, what -
Brian McDade: The option and leases.
David Simon: Well, there's a lot. I mean, it's - there are - I hate naming names, but you've got a lot of the B2C guys that are growing their business. I mentioned to you, American Eagle is growing their business. Urban Outfitters is growing their business So we're - it's really across the board, restaurants, the luxury folks, product, Gucci, Louis Vuitton. I mean, it really is encouraging. You've got - it is really encouraging to see it not in one particular category, but across the board, Levi's, rue21, Ladderock, I mentioned Aerie, Marc Jacobs, Bottega Veneta, Saint Lauren. SPARC is growing some opportunities, and you've got - we had a Golden Goose open, Warby Parker, Craghoppers, a U.K. outerwear brand. I really miss Rick when this happens, OK? So I'm going to have Rick come in for a cameo, OK? I don't do as good a job as Rick, but - when it comes to that. But it is across the board.
Linda Tsai: Thanks for that.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Your line is open.
Haendel St. Juste: I guess, that's me. Thank you for taking the question. So question on occupancy. And you talked a bit earlier about rebuilding the occupancy, the time line. But I guess, I was more curious specifically from a cash paying perspective, I think you said you could be back to 2019 occupancy levels by perhaps 2022 or '23. But when do you think we'll see the cash flow impact of that? Is that another year out, so maybe this is more like 2023?
David Simon: Well, there's clearly a lag impact, yeah, so I think that's a fair statement. I mean, look, we've run lots of numbers, when do we get past our 2019 numbers, we are certainly not going to get there this year. We're certainly not going to get there next year. Could it be '23, '24? Look, it's so dependent upon the economy and what's out there. But I think the ability to see that closer than what we thought a few months ago is there. So that's the goal. And we're - every day, we're grinding to make that happen.
Haendel St. Juste: Fair enough. Fair enough. Thank you for that. And just a couple of follow-ups on the guide. I understand the restriction that is still ongoing and beyond your control in the international portfolio. But I was curious maybe you could talk a bit about what's implied in the guidance for international this year? You mentioned an $0.08 drag in the first quarter. Is that a level we should expect again in second quarter? And when do you expect that to improve? And also one for Brian, I was curious about the level of bad debt reserves you're carrying at the end of the first-quarter year and perhaps maybe speaking to the broad industry exposure or probability of recovery of some of that and anything implied in the guide? Thank you.
David Simon: Well, I'll do Europe. I mean, Europe, we will see further impact in Europe, Q2 against our plan. My guess is probably in the $0.04 to $0.05 range, if I had to guess. And then, I'm hopeful we'll be on plan the rest of Q3 and Q4 as it picks up. Now to the extent that there's anything like the U.S. where there's some pent-up demand, we may see that - may see a little bit of outperformance in Q3 and Q4, but we are not anticipating that. But clearly, we're going to see in the $0.04 or $0.05 range compared to our plan and our guidance. The Europe - and then when I talk about international, it's really Japan, is the squishiest because of COVID and their caution, obviously, with the Olympics coming up. So that could be another couple of cents internationally.
Brian McDade: Haendel, with respect to your other question about recoverability of the reserves, I mean, at quarter end, we were appropriately reserved. As you heard us say that we did not get any positive impact in the first quarter from that, and that's our expectation from the balance of the year. The reserves that we're establishing, we expect to be true reserves and write-offs, not a recovery.
Haendel St. Juste: OK. And that level again, sorry, what was that at the end of first quarter?
Brian McDade: It was consistent with prior years, but we're not giving out individual levels.
Haendel St. Juste: OK, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ki Bin Kim of Truist. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Good evening. So just going to your top tenant list, I noticed some decreases in store counts for - at least for the top five. Just a little bit of an open-ended question here, but just curious if you can provide any color and should we expect some further fallout?
David Simon: Well, I mean, look, I think all of the retailers were very conservative in dealing with COVID. And if these leases happen to expire during that awful shutdown and the restrictions and all of that, I mean, they closed stores, so there's going to - and like I said earlier, I mean, there's going to be a few retailers that we are not going to be able to find a happy medium with, and we may lose their entire fleet. And that's - I mean, we're ready for it. And it's - a lot of our expectations are already in those numbers. So we'll see. But yes, I think there'll be - for some of the big retailers, they've announced public store closings. I don't want to get into which that - all of that's out there of the public. But they're all thinning their fleet and the fact of the matter is if they do, they do, and we're used to leasing up space.
Ki Bin Kim: OK. And can you just comment about some of the lease clauses and language that's being used today for the new lease deals? And I'm just, in particular, more curious about if tenants have more out. I know you mentioned more percentage rent deals as they hit breakpoints, but I'm just curious if there's some other language with - regarding like future pandemics or things like that that might create some variability.
David Simon: Not really. I mean, there's always a lease here or there with 20-plus thousand leases. There's always some variability. But the reality is we - during the COVID renewals, those were difficult discussions. Everybody was under enormous pressure, and in some of those cases, like I said earlier, we reduced our base rent to bet on sales. We'll see maybe we did a better deal than what we thought we had done at that time, OK? Believe me, I prefer to have had the higher base rent. But no one is - there's no - there's very few, very focused on pandemic language, And at this point, there's no material or even meaningful trend in that language. And I would say, generally, lease terms, it depends on the retailer maybe in some cases, they're very similar to what they've been. We're very focused on lease terms. We don't willy nilly just do a deal to do a deal. And there's a lot of give and take. And I would say there's no real super trend that's going on in lease terms. There's always a give and take, but nothing of note that I think we should share at this point.
Ki Bin Kim: OK, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Vince Tibone of Green Street. Your line is open.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good evening. How sensitive is your NOI this year to tenant sales? It would be helpful if you could provide some guideposts there. For example, just if tenant sales this year came in at 2019 levels, how different would it be if, let's say, tenant sales were 10% higher this year than 2019?
David Simon: Well, it is very - it's very complicated. It's very complicated because it's lease by lease, it's where they're natural or unnatural break is, it's when it hits. It's what they tell us, what we audit. And so the simple answer, Vince, as much as I'd like to tell you, we don't really guide to that. We do it in our own budgets. But we're a big company, sophisticated company, lots of ins and outs, And I think that's how we want people to think about us as opposed to what the percent rent is here versus there. It kind of ebbs and flows W.e like people to think about us a little big bit in a more broader context.
Vince Tibone: That's - are there like any rough ballpark? Like is it a 20 bps impact if that 10% swing in sales? Or the 2% or 3%? I mean, any kind of rough sense? Because, I mean, tenant sales, obviously, the - you're kind of the one of the big markers we are following, but just trying to get a sense of how much it truly matters for FFO or NOI this year.
David Simon: Well, I mean, I'd say simply, if we end up at 2019 sales, we'd be happy. How is that? Even Tom is smiling, OK?
Vince Tibone: OK, fair enough.
David Simon: Tom does not smile. It takes him a lot to smile.
Vince Tibone: One more for me. It looks like temporary tenants continue to take more space in the portfolio. Can you discuss the overall strategy as it relates to backfilling space with these lower rent paying temporary tenants? And just whether you expect the square footage leased to these temp tenants to move higher or lower from here?
David Simon: Well, look, we - I mean, frankly, Vince, we have more space. So - because we've lost space. So remember, as you know, we don't add that into our occupancy unless it's a year lease. We also like - again, we like doing business with local and regional entrepreneurs that are bootstrapping their way up to try and build the business. We've had - I mean, our most famous retailer on that is a finish line when they came in - and it's finished lines from Indianapolis. But those guys started with one store, and they grew - obviously, they were just bought by JD Sports. But I mean, we don't know who the next finish line. We did the same thing with LIDS, where they started with one or two stores. So you never know. We like that business. It also creates a uniqueness to the real estate and the local. I was actually just reviewing the book that our specialty leasing folks put together for me every quarter. The mix and the customer care that these people have with their communities is great. The product is getting better and better. So it's an important part of our business. We have more space to fill because of either bankruptcies or some of the larger folks because of COVID reducing their store counts. So we're proud of that business. We like working with entrepreneurs. We like finding the next finish line, the next LIDS. We don't know where it will be, but that's what our people try and do. And it also makes the real estate look and feel better than a vacancy. And if you walk one of our centers, I hope you feel like - obviously, there's frictional vacancy because if you're building out a store, somebody is moving in or out. But I want people to feel like it's full. The last thing you want to do is you walk down Madison Avenue, you know there's kind of a problem there, right? So when I - when they walk them all, I want them to feel like It feels good. So it's just a good, solid part of our business. I'm proud of what we do there, proud of the people that we lease to and that's a business we'll continue to foster again. Not always - doesn't always work out for the entrepreneur and for us, but it's something that we like to focus on.
Vince Tibone: Makes sense. Thank you for the time.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Juan Sanabria: Good evening. I was just hoping to touch on Michael Bilerman's earlier question on the development and redevelopment schedule. Just saw the expected yields come down a tick on a couple of the different buckets. And I was just curious if that was more of a mix issue or if the underwriting has changed on expected rents or the time frames have widened out as a result of COVID? If you could provide any color, that would be helpful.
Brian McDade: Juan, it's Brian. This is simply mix. Every time we produce the schedule every quarter, there's projects that come in and out. And so it's a mix change over time from the fourth quarter.
Juan Sanabria: Great. And then, a second question is just on the retailer EBITDA contribution. I believe you spoke to a $260 million number for 2021. Just curious on what your sense for that number is now kind of pre-Eddie Bauer, if you have it handy?
David Simon: Well, Eddie Bauer won't close - it will be higher, but Eddie Bauer won't close probably until two months? So it will be higher. How is that? Is that helpful? So I mean, the $260 million included our share of everything, including Penney. So we're above that now. So we're going to - hopefully. Again, retail is - does have its ebbs and flows. But we're projecting to be greater than that already without Eddie Bauer. And then, I think Eddie Bauer, once it closes, will clearly add to that. I mean, it's going to be a very good deal for SPARC there. I'm a little nervous because SPARC - my guys at SPARC have done a great job. Mark Miller, CEO; Dave Dick, CFO are thoughtful, conservative, great stewards of the brands, great partners of me and Jamie Salter of ABG. I'm just nervous because they were really excited about Eddie Bauer, and I'm like, "You guys are never excited about anything. Now I'm nervous, OK?" But no, we - they think it's going to be a great addition.
Brian McDade: And Juan, just one thing to point out, obviously, is relative to our retail investments, we don't add back depreciation and amortization. So the FFO contribution is much less than the EBITDA contribution.
Juan Sanabria: Yeah, thank you very much.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg McGinniss of Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, David, just to maybe touch on that last question a little bit differently. On the last call, it was a $0.15 to $0.20 contribution to FFO from the retail investments. So is it fair now that there's a higher number assumed for the contribution of guidance?
David Simon: Yeah, I think that's to say. I don't know, Greg, what the number is off the top of my head, but it should, hopefully, it will outperform our initial budget.
Greg McGinniss: OK. And then, just kind of rounding out the guidance questions, could you tell us what's built in regarding additional lease cancellation income?
David Simon: Nothing material. For the balance of the year, nothing material. Nothing on - nothing really in our radar.
Greg McGinniss: OK, thank you very much.
David Simon: Thank you. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: There are no further questions on queue. I will turn the call over back to David Simon for any closing remarks.
David Simon: Thank you. Thanks for your interest and all your questions and Look forward to talking to you soon. Take care.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Simon's - Fourth Quarter 2020 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tom Ward: Thank you. Apologies for the delay, getting started this evening, and thank you all for joining us. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Also, on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of todays date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so you might allow everyone the opportunity - with interest the opportunity to participate. For our prepared remarks, Im pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Okay. Good evening. As all of us know, 2020 was a difficult year for all of those affected by COVID-19, including our company. Even with the unprecedented operating environment, we accomplished a great deal. We earned $9.11 per diluted share and funds from operation for the full-year, which includes $0.06 per share dilution from our recent equity offering in November. We generated over $2.3 billion in operating cash flow. We acquired an 80% interest in The Taubman Realty Group, made strategic investments in several widely recognized retail brands at attractive valuations, and have already made significant progress in repositioning each brand and increasing their operating cash flow. We raised over $13 billion in debt and equity markets, opened two new international shopping destinations, expanded two others, completed three domestic redevelopments, abated rent for thousands of small and local businesses, regional entrepreneurs, and restaurateurs who frankly needed our help to survive, paid $700 million in real estate taxes, which unbelievably was an increase from 2019 despite losing approximately 13,500 shopping days in our domestic portfolio during the year due to the restrictive governmental orders placed upon us, and that's roughly 20% of the whole year, to put it in perspective, and we returned $2 billion in cash to our shareholders in dividends. These results and frankly, these accomplishments are a testament to the entire team, Simon team for the resilience, relentless focus on operations and cost structure, and the safety of the communities we serve, and obviously, focused on giving back to the communities in terms of what we did from abatement and real estate tax point of view. Now, let's go to the fourth quarter and then we're going to turn the page. Fourth quarter FFO was $787 million, thats $2.17 per share, obviously, that was affected by the dilution of our equity offering that I mentioned. I'm pleased that to report that with the solid profitability and the $900 million in operating cash flow we generated in the fourth quarter, our domestic international operations in the quarter were negatively impacted by approximately a net $0.95 per diluted share, primarily due to the reduced lease income, including sales base rents and other property revenues caused by COVID-19 disruption and $0.06 also from the international operations due to various restrictions placed upon those properties. Collection from our U.S. retail portfolio continue to improve. As of last week, we've collected 90% of our net build rents for the second, third, and fourth quarters combined. We made significant progress in the fourth quarter and addressing previously unresolved amounts with certain large tenants. We still, even to this day, have a handful of large tenants. Unfortunately, we've yet to resolve their receivables and we are hopeful that - and we anticipate resolving those certainly in the next few weeks. And you can review the collection details in our press release that we issued. Now, let me walk through as I have for Q2, Q3 and Q4, the year-over-year change for the fourth quarter in the context of our portfolio NOI presentation, which you can find on Page 17. Again, to remind you, these are on a gross basis and not a company share. Last year, our NOI was $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter. This year, it's $1.2 billion, that's a decrease of 23.9%, or approximately $380 million. And here are the components of the decline: $220 million in aggregate from domestic rent abatements and higher uncollectable rents, primarily associated with retail bankruptcies. And this is an important reminder, we do not amortize any of the abatements even though through FASB, you could, we chose to write those off in the period that they were granted. And hence, they affect our lease income in the period that we decided to go ahead and grant the abatement. Approximately, $205 million from lower minimum rents reimbursement short-term leasing, ancillary property revenues, and terminations associated with bankruptcy, tenants and lower sales volume due to COVID-19 disruption, obviously, lots of government restrictions on restaurants and amount of people we could have in the properties. And just as a reminder to you, we have a great deal of seasonality in the fourth quarter. So obviously, the card kiosk overage rent was impacted by, again, the immense restrictions that we had in terms of operating our portfolio by government mandates. And then we offset some of that decline by our diligent cost reduction initiatives. Operating metrics at the fourth quarter was basically flat compared to the third quarter 2020, and we were down year-over-year. Average base minimum rent was $55.80, up 2.2% for the year. Leasing spreads declined primarily as a function of mix. We had some boxes last year that rolled out and are no longer in the 12-month reporting period. Good news is leasing momentum is continuing. We signed over 1,400 leases representing 6 million square feet and have a number of significant - number of leases in our pipeline. And that's a testament to our quality of our real estate. And I do think we're starting to see our retailers get back to what they do best, and that is operate stores. We opened two new outlets, frankly, in Spain and Bangkok, which we're proud of. We have an outlet under construction in England, which will open this spring. Redevelopments, as I mentioned to you, we completed a number of properties. We also added, which is essentially the Woodbury of Asia, Gotemba Outlet expansion, another 178,000 square feet, and another property in Japan, adding another 110,000 square feet. So look for those to add to our cash flow in future years. We continue to densify our centers with the opening of a multi-family residential complex and hotel. We also have three hotels under construction. We completed the redevelopment and - of another Northshore mall and we started construction on expansion in Naples. So we're back to focused on continuing to add improvements across our portfolio worldwide. We also have a pipeline as you know, redevelopment, new development that is under consideration. Now, let me just turn to our retail investments. And I think and I hope this puts all of this in proper perspective. Obviously, we have an unbelievable track record in capital allocation, making significant returns on investment. During the year, we capitalized on buying four recognized retail brands in bankruptcy, so we bought them at attractive valuations. They include Forever 21, Lucky Brands, Brooks Brothers and Penney, each of these brands we believe presents a very interesting repositioning opportunity and each investment has completed at attractive valuations and weve made significant progress improving the positioning and operating results of the company. And let me just give Forever 21 as an example. And as you know, we bought it in February pre-COVID, well before we knew COVID would have the impact it did on 2020. And despite all of that, despite all of that, Forever 21, both in the company, generated a positive EBITDA, pre-royalties, of approximately $75 million in 2020, and we basically paid $67 million for that. So our share of that is $30 million, and you can divide it by $67 million to give you our return on investment in COVID 2020. Now, you could probably conclude that that's a pretty good return on investment. Now, if you put all of our retail brand investments in context, we have approximately $330 million remaining invested capital net of cash distributions and the value of appreciation of our ABG investment, which has just had a recent trade. And so, in marking that to market, our net investment in all of these activities is $330 million, and all of these brands will generate for us in 2021, our share, $260 million of EBITDA, so you can take $260 million divided by $330 million, will give you sets of our return on investment. Now, I want to remind everyone that we do not add back depreciation associated with these retailer investments to our FFO because it's not real property. So the contribution of that from an earnings point of view will obviously be much less with the EBITDA, is the EBITDA. So the other point to make in these retail investments is all of these brands generate $3.5 billion in digital sales, $3.5 billion in digital sales. And all we have to do is look at how e-commerce brands are being valued today and I think you could all conclude, we hope you do, that we've been making some wise investments here. Now, with respect to Taubman, I'm very pleased to have completed the transaction for 80% TRG and their premier retail portfolio, asset portfolio, our teams have worked - started working together. In fact, I'm up, I can't wait to go to Detroit tomorrow night in the cold and snow, it's slightly colder than Indianapolis but I'm sure I'll be welcome. And we're off to a very productive good spirited start. I really do look forward to the partnership and growth inherent in the portfolio and I think we'll all work very well together. As many of you know, we recently filed the Form S-1 with the SEC to raise $300 million and a Simon sponsored Special Purpose Acquisition Corporation i.e. SPAC. We are currently in a quiet period for the filing and are unable to speak to it about the proposed offering at this time. We've been very active in the debt and equity capital markets raising $13 billion in the last 12 or so months. And just some highlights, amended and extended our credit facility with a $6 billion facility that included a $2 billion term loan which was used to fund the Taubman transaction, issued $3.5 billion of senior notes including the recent $1.5 billion offer in January. Addressing all of our 21 unsecured maturities and obviously before the treasury really moved up. We completed seven 15 secured loan financings, refinancings for $2 billion. And again in November we completed the common stock issuance of 22 million shares for $1.56 billion. Debt to the term loan funded the Taubman deal. And our net debt was flat compared to last year exclusive of the properties that we added with the Taubman transaction and the term loan drawdown. Fourth quarter, we ended our liquidity with $8.2 billion consisting about a $1,005 billion of cash including our share of joint venture, and $6.7 billion available credit facility. This is net of $623 million of commercial paper outstanding quarter end. Dividend, we paid our fourth quarter dividend of $1.30 per share which is $6 in total for the year. We paid more than $2 billion in 2020, we're up to over $34 billion in dividends of our history as a public company and we're really proud that we paid the cash dividend when many of our other companies either suspended or completely eliminated or dramatically reduced their dividend. Now, finally, let's move on to 2021 because I do frankly want to turn the page on 2020 as I'm sure we all - as you all do, we feel confident we've turned the corner. We expect growth in cash flow and earnings in 2021. Our guidance is $9.50 to $9.75 per share. This range includes approximately $0.15 to $0.20 per share from our retailer investments. Again, keep in mind that we can't add back or we don't add back depreciation for those investments. That's our growth range of 4.3% to 7% compared to our full year of 9.11% and just no more - our diluted share count will be 3.76%, no significant acquisition or disposition activity and no further government mandate shutdown of our domestic retail properties is in that guidance. As you know, we are dealing certain shutdowns in Europe as we speak. So, let me just conclude. One heck of a year, let's not repeat it in any stretch of our imagination. Let's turn the corner. And I want to thank my Simon colleagues for their continued resolve in running our business under these trying circumstances in a very tough environment. We dealt with just basically about everything. And I want to thank them. And again thank our shareholders for their support. And everyone out there be well. And we're ready for any and all questions though, I'm sure people want to go home and warm up because it's cold.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good afternoon, David, or good evening.
David Simon: Good, good.
Steve Sakwa: I guess, first, I just wanted to maybe talk a little bit about the leasing momentum and pipeline that you talked about. And just - given that things are moving forward, the economy seems to be getting better. Vaccines are getting rolled out. We're not completely out of the woods, but certainly, there's light at the end of the tunnel here. What sort of discussions are you and the retailers having about unresolved leases, and maybe more importantly, new leases to backfill the vacancy that got created over the last sort of 12 to 18 months?
David Simon: Well, look, I think were - as I said to you, were expecting to grow our cash flow. Are we back to normal? Not yet, but we're working our way back. Generally, it's still a very serious, intense negotiation on renewals. Retailers are generally cautious. But the ones that want to grow their business are excited, and we hope to be able to certainly increase our occupancy for 2021. And it's going to take some time to obviously get back to where we were in 2019. But the healthy retailers that believe in their business and believe in their plan are making deals, and that we have such a high-quality portfolio between what we have and what we've acquired with respect to TRG that we're going to be - we're going to get our fair share of open-to-buys.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks. And maybe just as a follow-up, I appreciate some of the comments you made around the guidance which I was a little surprised at the tightness of the range just given the uncertainties out there. But is there anything else you can sort of provide? And I realize there is a lot of inputs that go into that number or in that range of numbers? But anything just on same-store growth or occupancy or lease spreads just to give us a little bit of a feel for how much of the deferrals that you provided or abatements kind of come back on line in 2021?
David Simon: Well, certainly, the abatements better not repeat, okay? So that's step one. I would say to you generally, again, it's - our portfolio NOI growth will be 4% to 5%. We have taken a further reserve, but I'm not going to give you a number as to what we think should be a cushion to whether whatever it is further bankruptcies, additional abatements to the extent that we cut an appropriate deal, we still have some large retailers frustratingly we have not solved. Not because of us, we've tried, but we haven't gotten into the finish line. So I'd say generally around 5% in the comp NOI number. We have a reserve. Sales are really all over the place, so it's really hard to give you a good number there. And we would expect occupancy to edge up. And I gave you - people wanted to hear about how much was retail or I gave you that and we have TRG factored in there. Obviously, we made our financing assumptions. Those were pretty straightforward. We have our share count increased because of the offering. And then we roll it into the blender and that's kind of what's spit out. We have some variability. You're right, the range is tight, but we did - I mean, we did add a reserve to it based upon gut feel that we're, like you said, not - we're turning the corner, it's kind of my phrase, but are we completely out of the woods? Not yet, but well on our way.
Steve Sakwa: Thats great. Thanks very much.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley.
Rich Hill: Hey, good evening, David. Thanks for your time this evening. I want to maybe just spend a little bit more time walking through the line item where Taubman and some of your other investments are held, not because I'm questioning them. I actually think they're becoming increasingly important. So could you just maybe walk us through how we're supposed to think about that line item relative to the full FFO guide for 2021? And maybe how you think you can grow that line item even after 2021 and 2022 and 2023? Because I recognize there's just a lot in there and it seems increasingly important?
David Simon: Well, look, it flows through - listen, I used to - I'm still pretty good at it, but it flows through our equity. They're all equity accounted, so now in - we show a couple of different things. So we do separate out our retail NOI in our supplemental, so we do, do that. TRG will be in our property NOI next year. We had - we took no financial implications for TRG in the fourth quarter, obviously, I think we owned it for like 12 minutes, right? When did it close?
Brian McDade: 29th.
Adam Reuille: 29th.
David Simon: 29th all right, I see. I'm always faster than what it is. We took no other than, obviously, our debt increase at the year-end, because we drew down on the term loan to fund it. But from a GAAP point of view, it will be in the equity, all lumped together with our other equity investments. But in our supplemental, well have TRG in our portfolio NOI, and the retailer will be in that separate line item. Guys, you want to add anything else?
Brian McDade: No, thats exactly right. You'll see the retailer results that David mentioned come through the NOI from retailers at this line item, Rick.
Rich Hill: Okay. I think I understand that.
Brian McDade: Yes.
Rich Hill: And, David, obviously, as you said, 2020 has been a remarkably abnormal year. But you've been in a really interesting position whereby you've been able to buy some retailers and negotiate retailers - with retailers. Could you maybe just walk through some of the biggest lessons learned about who you want to be your tenants, how you negotiate with them, how they negotiate with you? I just think it's important as we think about how to model cash flows in the out years?
David Simon: Well, I mean, that's a tough one, Rich. I mean I could go in a lot of different directions. Listen, when you end up in bankruptcy or near bankruptcy, you've obviously made a lot of mistakes. It just doesn't happen overnight. And by and large, the ones that we bought, retailers that we have bought in bankruptcy. So then we go in there and just run it like we run Simon Property Group, obviously, with the help of our partners.  And we make fast, commonsensical cash flow-oriented decisions and return on investments, et cetera. And we have a sense of, just because of our experience in the retail real estate world, what makes it successful, what success real estate they should be in, what's the right rent to pay in spaces and we bring all those - all that to bear. And then obviously, when you're in bankruptcy, you have the chance to deal with leases or other contracts, other contracts that are wildly expensive that you might be able to change. I mean, the most amazing thing, I shouldn't really say this, but there - the most amazing thing is that every retailer that we purchased in bankruptcy, the one - all the tech companies get $0.100 on the $1, okay, that they pay for whether it's services, whether it's for the e-commerce business, whatever it is. And the landlords ended up us included end up getting it in the shorts that's an interesting thing. That would be great to like rethink that whole process. But there - those tech companies are so powerful that they can check you off if you don't play ball with them. So landlords, us included, don't have that kind of power. So I mean, I don't know if I've answered your question. It probably is. You probably have a lot of nuances to it but it's probably I could go on for hours. If you don't mind, let's go on to your next question or another question.
Rich Hill: Yes, no. That's it for me, David. We can discuss offline. Just seems like there's a lot of really interesting drivers of growth here and we're trying to get our arms around it. So thank you. I'll get back in the queue. I dont have any questions. So, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good evening David and hope you're enjoying the snow out there.
David Simon: It's pretty. It gets less pretty when it gets closer to March let me assure. Yes.
Alexander Goldfarb: Yes. The skiing gets better or so, thats positive. And so two questions here. First, in the fourth quarter it looks like on your - on that rent collections you have a 90% table that you guys have. It looks like the bankruptcy is leveled off the deferrals, leveled off. And it looks like you guys took about $141 million of abatements in the quarter. Also I noticed that your - you had a big straight line right off and then you had a big lease term. So it seems like there was a lot of cleanup in the fourth quarter. Is that the way that we should interpret it, like basically you guys got to the end of the year, you shouted up and down the hall, say, what do we got here. Let's clean the books and start 2021 in a good way. Or is that not the right interpretation, because you didn't say what the actual operating guidance for this year, you just said you're lobbying for it. But it does seem like you guys cleaned up a lot at year end.
David Simon: Well, the bottom line is, when it came to abatements we took it in the period that we actually made the deal. And if we had done everything in the second quarter, we would have done it then in the Q3 with. It just took an unbelievable amount of time to get - I mean there was a lot of horse trading, a lot of big accounts got settled as you know in Q4. And it really, I mean, we - it really was when the deal was done. So that's the - yes, we certainly want to go into 2021 and we did as much as we could to finish 2020, but those abatements were done in the period at which we cut the deal and signed up the retailer.
Alexander Goldfarb: So we shouldn't interpret the acceleration in the fourth quarter as lingering into this year, it was just stuff done in the quarter?
David Simon: As I think I said there is some negotiations that we still have left to do but I think we dealt with that in a sense in 2020 based on kind of where the deal was headed. So we did use some judgment at year-end in a couple of these cases. But it isnt done until the cash comes into my bank account, not mine, that was terrible. My bank account at the Simon Property Group representative, okay, so make that perfectly clear, okay?
Alexander Goldfarb: Yes. It's just as clear. Second question is you always treasure your balance sheet and Moody's already downgraded you back ahead of the third quarter earnings. S&P still has you on negative watch. So just the question here as you guys think about your balance sheet. I mean, on one hand, your debt trades wider than what the ratings would indicate. Obviously, the bond guys want to get the best deal that they can. At the other hand, you guys can access the market. But still how - I mean, if something were to happen, you've got like a two-notch downgrade. Is that - I mean, it almost seems like the market is pricing that in. But on the other hand, you guys got a ton of debt that you were able to issue. So can you just give us some color on, like, the buyers of the debt and how the debt people are looking at it? Are they just trying to get their ounce of flesh while they can? And the way that you've outlined your plan to the rating agencies you'll be able to maintain something that starts with an A, or are there other concerns out there that people are or that the rating agencies are talking to you about that you need to address?
Brian McDade: Alex, this is Brian. Look, I think the last debt deal we just did in here at the beginning of January is representative of where we've seen our spreads go. I mean, spreads were in 100 basis points since the summertime. And so I think that the market is representing and supporting time and kind of going forward. With respect to the agencies, we are certainly in deep dialogue with them on regular basis and are comfortable with what they've done thus far, and I think they're looking at our deals and our ability to raise capital, to David's point, in excess of $13 billion last year, as a testament to the company's balance sheet. So I think they're comfortable. Wont speak for them, but I believe they're comfortable where they're at right now.
David Simon: Yes.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay.
Brian McDade: There's just no way we're going to get downgraded, not a chance. So next question.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank.
Derek Johnston: So what have you learned about traffic, your tenants, and demand and most specifically in the centers within space that have less mandate restrictions? Are there any inspiring read-throughs or green shoots for those centers with tighter restrictions, lets say California or North East that you can pinpoint or share?
David Simon: Well, I would say, you take a state like Florida as a pretty good example. And I mean, you are getting - the one element that's missing is international tourism. But if you put that aside, you're getting some real domestic traffic increases and you're getting - and sales aren't quite what they were last year. But at this time, what you're seeing - I would say to you that like a state like Florida is really showing green shoots, vibrant economy. The only element that's missing to make that really hot would be international tourism. But everything else is kind of clicking along and its pretty good. Texas is probably the next closest, but again, it depends. I mean, they're - that also somewhat dependent upon whether it's near the border or not. And what is such a big state that do you have COVID in this one area versus that area. But I'd say Texas is showing green shoots as well. But Florida is a great example of I would say to you that you can - you cant get on with goodness and you start to see green shoots and the - there's a lot of energy there. And no, I did not get on Super Bowl, okay.
Derek Johnston: So we did go back, David, to 3Q 2019 and this was the last quarter before the pandemic was known. At that time, the redevelopment buzz and pivot to experiential and mixed use concepts. It was really high and that's the redevelopment pipeline stood at the record $1.8 billion. So how is this pipeline and redevelopment priorities changed besides being much lower? And how do you stack or prioritize redevelopment spend, especially as we see the pandemic escape velocity in front of us later this year? Thank you.
David Simon: Yes, sure. I'd say simplistically, as we look at restarting the pipe, the pipe didn't go away. We just put it in the freezer. Now we're thawing it out. And I would say to you the biggest change Derek is that we believe in the mixed use component pretty, pretty significantly to the extent that we were adding what I'd call retail. We're probably looking at those plans again to make sure that we're adding the appropriate amount, that's kind of the biggest change. But I would tell you this, I do feel very strongly about this that the high quality suburbs are going to be where the action is in the future. And all of the urbanization two, three, four years ago, the question was why are the suburbs going to exist. Everybody is going to live in urban environment, yadda yadda, yadda, yadda. I'm telling you the suburbs are going to be hot, and our quality real estate is going to be where the action is for those well located suburban centers of commerce. And that's going to be the big change coming out of the pandemic. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman: David, my first question is just sort of just talking more broadly about vertical integration. And I know you can't talk about the fact that's been under review right now. But can you talk just a little bit broadly about doing things on balance sheet versus in joint ventures or other structures. And maybe just provide, give an update on some of the retail investments, and maybe give an update too on shopping outlets and how that was set up conveniently before the pandemic and how that has happened. And maybe just tie everything together to the vertical integration and being able to control a little bit more of your own destiny.
David Simon: Well, listen, I would say that we - whatever we do we look at return on investment and cash flow potential - shareholder value potential and cash flow growth, and obviously top line growth. And each business is evaluated based upon what those particular characteristics are important to that investment. But theres no reason. You know were in a REIT format. There's no reason why we can't make money in other areas that are consistent with what we've been doing. I think we've proven that time and again. Have we made mistakes? Yes, we have. But we've been pretty good investors, and we hope to do that in the future. We're pretty good sponsors, and we have - our relationships between the brands and our partners and - spans the globe, essentially. From a real estate footprint, we're in Europe and Asia, and obviously domestic. The only place I'd say we're really not in is South America. But our retail brands span a lot of places, and we're focused on value. And at the end of the day, Michael, I look at our retail footprint. It does $3.5 billion of commerce, and I look at the value we get for it, and it's probably nothing, and in some cases people view it as a negative, which I can't understand, but they do. That's their prerogative. Maybe there's something maybe we should unlock that value, were absolutely going to look at every opportunity to unlock value to the extent we can but we - and figure out the right structure. But the most important thing is to make a good investment. The second thing that is where it should reside, how do you get the value, how do you grow it? And all of those are in the works. Spark is a great example. We believe in the model. We can - we believe that we can run brands across it common infrastructure. We know that e-commerce brands, they spend a lot of money on infrastructure. We know that if you combine those into one entity, you're bound to save a ton of money. We've seen it in the overhead in retail companies, so you know we're at the early days of figuring out what the right structure is. But in the meantime, we're going to make investments that make us money. And believe me, there is value there that will unlock or we'll get the credit for.
Michael Bilerman: And then just the same question just in terms of guidance and I greatly appreciate the transparency of actually putting out a number of guidance which didn't have an answer going on, it's great. If you think about just sort of the building blocks to that guidance, if you look at 2019 relative to 2020, right, you had that $2.50 per share or almost $3 a share, well over a $1 billion decline. Youre picking up at least $200 million going from 2021. But I almost want to think a couple of years of getting back to NOI and FFO and bridging that gap. You threw out $0.15 to $0.20 of retailer investments per page 17. It looks like that was pre-DNA about $0.06. So call it 10 of the 50 increase is coming at least from the retailer side and the positive investments you've made. But maybe you can just sort of break down some of the other bigger components of what's coming back. I'm not - I don't need specific G&A guidance or NOI but there's obviously a pretty big moat of earnings to get back. And maybe you can just share some of the bigger piece of those.
Brian McDade: I mean, look, I think the biggest thing is not to replicate the abatements and the bankruptcies. I mean that's the biggest component. But look, our portfolio, again at gross not at share, did over $6 billion in 2019. Right? We lost a $1 billion. And all of the stuff that we did net. And again weve worked our unit to what off to mitigate that through cost savings. What's not going to replicate or the cost savings in a sense and the abatements. And we were pretty aggressive in running the ship as lean and as high as we could. And we had no choice even though people across the street were open, we weren't allowed. So we have a $1 billion to make up. Again, this is pre-TRG and I think the biggest thing is going to be the campaigns of the big unknown is how long is it going to take to get lease up, we lost 3 - 350 basis points, 3, what, 380 basis points?
David Simon: 380 basis points.
Brian McDade: 380 basis points, so we loss 380 basis points on occupancy sales in our vaccine rollout and everything else. I mean, we did our roll up our best guess, our comp NOI is going to be positive. And we've got a reserve but at the end of the day, we're going to make the $1 billion up over time. We're also going to - some of the properties we're going to sell, go away, so that's in there, too. I can't give you - Steve Sakwa kind of poured out and we already gave you - he gave me more - he's got a nicer voice than you do. So I gave him more information than I probably normally would. I'm not kidding. But I mean, that's kind of where we are. We also - we're also dealing with the international shutdown. I mean, they're picking on malls like what happened in the U.S., again without science. But they're also shutting down outlets. But yet they high street open, so go figure it out.
Michael Bilerman: Yes.
Brian McDade: So we're still dealing with some crap everywhere. But I mean, I'd say the big thing that won't replicate. We hope is in the abatements, but it's taking on the cost savings and sales and then build up the lease income and bad debt, we put all these numbers in. We also put a reserve just because we have a lot of uncertainty, and we put it in the blender, and that spits out. Cant add much more than that?
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt: I had a question about the redevelopments in the U.S. Should you put your [Rick Sokolov] and kind of run through who you're thinking is possible anchor replacements I realized they may not be retail. They could be wellness, healthcare or e-sports, or whoever. But who are some of the replacement anchors you're thinking in terms of your U.S. redevelopments?
David Simon: Well, I mean, Craig, thats a retail - yes I mean, I'm sorry, real estate-specific. But I think what I said earlier is the most important thing. I think some of these were re-looking at, with the idea toward reducing the amount of new retail that we might put on board. But also the restaurants and we're making up for that with what I'd call the opportunity for suburbs to get exciting again, and I think that's going to be through a lot of the mixed-use efforts that were already under way. But I think will be accelerated. So, some of the anchors are doing - new deals. I mean, we're talking to Kohls. We're talking to [Buy More]. Were talking to all sorts of those kind of guys, to Dicks. We still are making new - we've got a couple of Dicks under way. So and I would hope that some of the more thoughtful entertainment-oriented retailers once the COVID restrictions get back, would also continue to be in our property. So its still at work, but I'm hopeful we'll have a lot more of the mixed SKU stuff that we're doing and we're in some hot what I'll call very strong markets for that. Like with TRG in Nashville, we're in Austin. We're very strong in South Florida, obviously Texas. So we're in some of these markets that rent growth and are looking to facilitate growth and we're going to go and make the next evolution of our real estate that's much more interesting with time.
Craig Schmidt: And then I'm just curious how are you interacting with the Taubman management given their properties? And how are they interfacing with the Simon people?
David Simon: Id say fantastic. We are on the leasing side talking significantly, both on COVID-related issues, renewal-related issues, new business, as you know, Craig weve got new business group dedicated kind of up and coming retailers which by the way, its exciting. All of those retailers and this is where I do miss Rick. He could start and your kind to mention him. But I will never do his list. I could never do adjust this. But most of those retailers are looking to grow. And they include from the Warby Parker to Shake Shack on and on. So that's very encouraging. We're talking to the TRG, about that relationship between Bobby and myself is great. In fact well Bobby, he figures out how to get to me very easily. He makes me look a lot with - which is fantastic. I look forward to having some tomorrow night. And I think it's going to be a great partnership. I mean they're dealing with what we've dealt with. In terms of COVID its been a tough year for them, but I think we're all looking forward to the future. And we'll go from there. And as you know, they've got - the families got a lot of capital tied up from the TRG and believe me they want to grow that. And to me that's a win-win.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Maybe just on the balance sheet side, could you clarify whether the Taubman debt is included in the debt metrics on Page 29 of the supplement? And if it's not, is it just because it happened so close to the quarter end or something else?
Brian McDade: Hi Caitlin, this is Brian. It is not included. The only debt that will be included relative to Taubman will be $2 billion term loan that we drew down ahead of the closure.
Caitlin Burrows: And then going forward will it be reflected more similar to other joint ventures that we have or not?
Brian McDade: Yes, it absolutely will.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. And then this quarter the metric you guys had shown in the past on debt NOI looks like that's not there anymore. But I think it's about seven times using the net debt from Page 28 and the NOI from Page 17. So I'm wondering, A) would it be higher when including the Taubman portion of those metrics and also whats your near and medium term targets for leverage?
David Simon: Yes, that well, the fact of the matter is, I think that statistic you have to be very careful with. And I personally chose that I think we need to look at it again because as you know many of those properties are non-recourse and it overstates leverage. And I think part of our job is to educate the investment community how we look at the business. And Brian and myself, we'll begin that effort this year. But you know look EBITDA - debt to EBITDA, if you look at our - it's not in our financial covenants anywhere. So it's a gratuitous metric that is not as thoughtful as refined as it should be. And we're in the process of refining it to clearly articulate what it is. But you've got to separate what's recourse, non-recourse. Whats in JV, whats not in JV in a more thoughtful manner, which well embark upon in 2021 so youll have a better understanding of it.
Caitlin Burrows: And then I guess just considering where that leverage is and you'll educate us on how we should think about it. What's your current interest in making property-level acquisitions in 2021 or under what conditions would you consider raising additional equity?
David Simon: We have no need for raising additional equity. The balance sheet is in very good shape. Rating agencies are very comfortable with the transaction that we did both to finance, Taubman and the equity deal. Obviously, they put us on watch just because of COVID. It had nothing to do with Taubman or the financial metrics. And I think as we get - as we go beyond the shutdown - remember, we lost 20%. We lost 20% of our ability to operate in the year which is material. And then obviously a lot - not counting the, restrictions that we had to endure coming out of it. I think once we show that we're - we've turned the corner in terms of that, you'll see that negative watch go away. No issue not worried about it one [iota]. And on the property acquisition side, A) if I can buy it at a good value and it's a great asset and a guy wants to sell and if thats meaningful to our portfolio, we'll take a serious look. But were in no - there's no need to do one thing or another, if it's accretive to our portfolio and our financial wherewithal, were happy to look at it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Just a question on sources and used cases, you continue to pay the dividend but at a lower rate than previously, you expect cash flows to go up. So any color or thoughts you can give us around the dividend going forward and other maybe use of the capital? I'm not sure if you have a sense of what could be contributed or used to further invest in retailers at this point, so maybe just a general conversation in sources and uses and then touching on the dividend.
Brian McDade: Well, again, our net investment in retail is $330 million. So I think when we have properties that were worth a $1 billion plus, it is what it is. I think it's important to note that we are 400 basis points below our mean FFO multiple as a history of being a public company. And if you look at our retail or what we've seen from retailers and the correlation, they've all had a much greater bounce back in terms of performance on the in terms of performance on the - on their stock year-to-date for the last few quarters than we have. So, we're optimistic that the future will begin to - that are our value will begin to be appreciated again which has been in the past. And frankly, there's no reason why it won't in the future. With respect to this - and the reason I bring up the past is as follows. If you'll look, we work the best case analogy that we're looking at. Again, no one has really dealt with COVID before. And as you know what happened in 2008, 2009 where we had - don't hold exactly to those - these numbers. But in 2008 we were earning around $6 a share. Our 2008, 2009 bankruptcies delusion that we had on issuing stock, high interest rates, I think we earned in the $3.50, $4 range. And then we ended up rolling out of that earning $12 dollars. Okay. Now we're at $9 - we are $9.11. We're saying we're going to earn $9.50 to $9.75. And I'm hopeful that will replicate what we did in 2008, 2009. And not only that we do in 2008 and 2009, but we added immensely to the quality of the real estate. We separated ourselves from our peer group dramatically. The balance sheet got better. All of these same - we diversified, we did this, that, and the other, we grew international - I truly believe all of these things will happen again. Thats what were made for, and this is a long way of saying that the dividend tracked basically what we did in earnings. We actually paid scrip dividend in 2009, if you believe it or not. We cut it and scripted it and did all this crazy stuff. And that was - all of that in 2008-2009. I feel like if history repeats itself, given the quality of the real estate, the team, the balance sheet, the diversity, we are going to replicate the same good work we did coming out of that, and we'll do it coming out of COVID. We're already beginning to do it, and that's the important thing. So I think that's a long way of saying, assuming we can completely get out of COVID, you're going to see increases in earnings which beget increases in dividends. And we have the history that ultimately should repeat itself.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks for that. And then just my follow-up on the lease term, can you give us any sense on how lease terms have changed, if at all, during the last few months in your discussions with retailers either for new or renewals, and how maybe that trended over periods of past dislocation, whether it be the financial crisis or the tech wrecking? Just the perspective historically would be helpful.
David Simon: Yes, sure. I would say, simplistically, certainly prior to COVID, there were more or less the same. There is certainly more of an interest to go a little bit shorter term. So three years and by the way, we're okay with that because I'd rather negotiate two or three years from now than right now. So the lease in 2020, the new stuff that we did in 2020 and some of those renewals, some of the renewals we're doing 20 21 are shorter two, three years. But I think actually that could be in our best interest too because obviously, we've had being shut down and restricted and all this other stuff. We don't have quite the ability to point to sales as a way to increase rent. So I think were - and I think it's actually a two-way street. It's working out fine with the vast majority of our retailers.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks for taking my question. David and Brian, maybe, if you could talk a little bit about your debt philosophy, in particular, your mortgage profile - your mortgage maturity profile significantly shorter than your unsecured debt maturity profile. And presumably some of that is due to the fact that mortgage debt these days is less readily available. Maybe if you can talk about some of your upcoming mortgage debt that's coming - as in the fashion center, Pentagon, the Fashion Valley in San Diego, Florida Mall, some of these big JVs, how are your partners talking about the funding of those mortgages and/or the re-upping of the mortgages there? How are the banks doing that? And also I think you've qualified that or you've indicated you've got about $714 million of mortgage debt that's probably in fact we know some of this is already in the news is being handed back. Those are not obviously those premium centers. But talk about - if you can walk us through some of the - your thinking regarding your mortgage debt and do you think you'll have less or more mortgage debt after this year?
David Simon: I'd say pretty similar are the couple like the Florida Mall Fashion Valley, pretty straightforward doing it. In some cases, it's got 10-year deals and maybe a little shorter. We did what 15 secure refinancing even in this period of time. So I don't find it overly complicated or overly concerning or any risk that there's not the ability, any risk that there's not the ability to refinance stuff. On nonrecourse, there's certain debt that's nonrecourse that may be in professional servicing. That's kind of a contractual right for the borrower which is a standalone entity thats nonrecourse to SPG. Its also the right from the special servicer right. So weve done - weve dealt with those for a number of years. In some cases, theyll be restructured, mutually agreed to; and if not, and the special servicer would like to own the real estate, we're more than happy to cooperate and do it in a professional manner. We did one just recently, and it's absolutely in the best interest of Simon Property Group shareholders those decisions that we're making on that front. So very straightforward, very professional, honoring the contracts, rights on both sides. Make - hope to make deals in some; if not, then they'll no longer be part of our portfolio, and we wish that new owner the best of luck.
Floris van Dijkum: Great.
Brian McDade: Maybe a quick one from me, on the duration here. Obviously, our unsecured portfolio benefits from the ability to issue 30-year debt. So that's going to naturally drive the duration higher on a weighted basis.
Floris van Dijkum: The other question I guess I have, one of the unknowns from the market is what are the right cap rates for malls in particular? What are the right cap rates for A malls? I mean, I think the market sort of has gone down on the fact that C malls are worth very little and the size is very high cap rates in low values. But the question is more regarding your portfolio. And you've mentioned your low FFO multiple. We've seen you know the Brookfield transaction at a much, much lower cap rate than where you're trading at. As you look at and we also know that theres a large portfolio owned by West or the Westfield portfolio owned by unified potentially that that could be in play as well. How should the market think about cap rates for malls and maybe give your view on that?
David Simon: This is a known unknown, right, as opposed to an unknown, unknown, right.
Floris van Dijkum: Yes, of course.
David Simon: I would simply say there's - the cap rate is what we want it to be because I think we're the only buyer out there. So, and I'll look in the mirror and I'll decide what the right cap rates are. I think Brookfield is busy buying out, [indiscernible] busy buying up EPY. And I think we're the only buyer as far as I know. Everybody as herd mentality one way or another, we are buyers of high quality real estate. And the funny thing is, when we decide to buy something that doesn't count as to what cap rate it should be, now we're the only buyer. So, go figure that out. I don't know if that's a known unknown or a, you know, whatever. But the fact of the matter is we're really the only - I mean we're really the only buyer. And yet, everybody wants to point to a cap rate that we're not the buyer. But I don't - I never understood why we're not good enough to be the arbiter of what cap rates should be. But I'll let you figure that out for us. I can't figure that out.
Floris van Dijkum: But also presumably, as we've seen a lot in the tech businesses, when you buy something, obviously then that reinforces what the right, so you actually can determine what the right cap rate for your own value can be based on the value you're willing to pay for somebody else?
David Simon: Well, listen, we did close just a recent transaction and in that - that's a pretty good indication.
Floris van Dijkum: Of the transaction?
David Simon: That's correct. That's correct. So
Floris van Dijkum: Right.
David Simon: and any of that. But I want you, Floris, I want you to get back to me and explain why we can't be the arbiter of cap rates. Why it has to be a state pension fund, why it can't be Simon Property Group? I don't get it, okay. Anyway, I'm kidding, but not really. But I'm kidding, mostly.
Floris van Dijkum: So you think if I were - sorry, I guess I'm slightly going over.
David Simon: Yes. Youre over your allotted time. Call anytime.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Mike Mueller: Just a quick one. You mentioned boxes were skewing the 2020 releasing spreads. Could you tell us if they would have been positive if you strip those out and just give us any color on 2021 activity as well?
David Simon: Tom Ward is shaking his head. Yes, and for those of you who know Tom Ward, you can count on it. They would have been positive, yes.
Mike Mueller: Got it. And any color on 2021 expirations?
David Simon: In terms of renewals or appraisal or
Mike Mueller: Yes, exactly. Yes, all of the above, yes.
David Simon: In terms of what percent were done yet or not?
Mike Mueller: Percentage done, if the trends are consistent. Is there still renewing at positive rates as well?
David Simon: Well, I don't - I mean, that's factored in. I don't know what - I don't know - I can't really answer off the top of my head on spreads. But what - we have a percent done. Does anybody know off the top of their head?
Brian McDade: Like I say, were 50% done.
David Simon: Yes, over 50%, but we can get you more. I've seen it, but I'm sorry to tell you I just don't remember.
Mike Mueller: No, thats fine.
David Simon: Tom could give that to you, the percent done.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: I just want to clarify, in terms of the 4% to 5% portfolio growth, this is overall NOI, right, not same-store?
Brian McDade: Correct. We are - given the - I don't know how they show comp anymore given that we were shut down with restrictions. So I made the decision that we're just going to show you portfolio NOI, all-in, because you could argue that none of it is comp because, I mean, how do you - or all of it is comp. I don't really know what to do. So the simple thing is we're just going to show you our portfolio NOI without the comp distinction. So its all the real estate, all of the NOI, and hopefully that'll be helpful to you.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. It looks like U.S. gross contractual rents went down 2% to 3% each quarter from 2Q to 4Q. What accounted for this fluctuation?
Brian McDade: Which, Linda?
Linda Tsai: I'm just looking at like when you take the 3Q sup and you look at the reconciliation page with - and like the first line is U.S. gross contractual rents, it's the same that on the 4Q supp.
Brian McDade: Yes. It would have gone down to the bankruptcies, yeah, for sure.
Linda Tsai: Okay. So the $165 million versus $159.91 million versus
Brian McDade: Yes. I dont
Linda Tsai: Okay.
Brian McDade: I mean - why dont you talk to Tom, I'll give you the more detail but instinctually, I would just say you - it had to go down because of bankruptcies, I mean but he can fill that in.
Linda Tsai: But sorry, one last one. You mentioned that the ABG brands generated $3.5 billion in digital sales
Brian McDade: Not ABG. Not ABG, all of our retail brands, okay?
Linda Tsai: Okay.
Brian McDade: So our investment in Penney, Aero, [indiscernible] Brooks Brothers, Forever 21, put it all and $3.5 billion.
Linda Tsai: Okay. And any sense of what this growth rate looks like going forward?
Brian McDade: Well, I mean, I'm kind of torn because it's been pretty quick with COVID, right. Our stores arent open but we're shut down for a long time. But it's growing reasonably well.
Linda Tsai: Okay.
Brian McDade: But we have - I think the important thing here is we have embedded in our company an e-commerce company, okay? Now, again I know it's - we've got a complicated structure. We don't own 100% of everything, but we are in at a pretty reasonable scale. We have an e-commerce company that does $3.5 million of digital sales. Thats the most important point. Now its up to us and the management team to how to put it all together so the market recognizes the value.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street.
Vince Tibone: I just had a follow-up to Linda's question on the comp NOI piece. I just want to make sure I understand the guidance you stated correctly. So the 5% increase in portfolio NOI for next year, is that number inclusive of incremental NOI from Taubman? Because based on my math that would make most or all of that 5% increase that you do with Taubman and the legacy Simon assets with either flat or slightly down? Is that fair in clarifying that?
David Simon: Vince, youre trying to paint a negative picture my friend. That's just no metric. That's just Simon's portfolio, it doesn't include the Taubman.
Vince Tibone: Does that work out
David Simon: for the guidance piece.
Brian McDade: For the guidance piece. Correct.
Vince Tibone: No, that I want to make sure I clarify that.
Brian McDade: Yes. I accept that. It's a fair question. It's just our existing portfolio does not have anything to do with TRG.
Vince Tibone: And then in the fourth quarter, is it fair to say the domestic portfolio NOI is pretty close to the old comp NOI definition then?
Brian McDade: It's always been, yes. I mean, its always been - as you know, our comp NOI is - has been 95% - been frankly 90% - 90%, 95% of the portfolio. So we sat here and I looked at and I go why do we put comp NOI? What do we take out? What do we dont take out? It's just - it's more - there's just no need for it, especially given what we endured in 2020. We'll just give you the number, portfolio whether it has a redevelopment that's taking the NOI down or we added something to take it - the NOI up, its almost irrelevant, it's all on the margin. And again, I know that - I'm glad you clarified that, that does not include TRG and we'll figure out exactly how to portray it for 2021.
Vince Tibone: Okay. Ill go with my next question, is going forward, I mean, it totally makes sense from the redevelopment piece just to lump it together but I think next year with Taubman getting added, it would be helpful to have some sense of ongoing operations versus the incremental NOI from Taubman at this point?
Brian McDade: Yes. I think that's a fair statement. So we'll - we will figure out if we lost it, we'll make sure that we highlight what the number is.
Vince Tibone: And then maybe just one more quick one for me. Just can you provide a little additional color on the leasing spreads, specifically maybe comparing or providing a little commentary on malls versus outlets today?
David Simon: That's a good one. I don't know, do you know off the top of your head?
Brian McDade: So there's - malls was - obviously we recorded number of minus 6.8%. I talked about the fact that mix, you think about some of those acres that were in the mix previously, now were driving the mall spread negative, but the preliminary point is positive.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: So I guess a question for you on the outlook for retail sales more broadly. Weve talked to some people who express concern that as COVID subsides, that retail sales from malls and outlets specifically could be negatively impacted because there will be an outsized demand for travel, entertainment, and social gatherings, and that's where consumers will be spending their dollars. And additionally, because of COVID, there's been a lack of new fashion trends outside of leisure, sweats for us to wear comfortably at home, which could make apparel sales challenging for a while. And then there is the concern of the further e-commerce share again. So I guess I'm curious how you're thinking about the near-term opportunity and risk for retail sales here, how that plays into your expectations for rent, and also the projects you're starting and how you're populating those redevelopment projects. Thank you.
David Simon: Yes. Listen, I can't sit here and make a prediction other than what I said earlier. So I think suburbia is going to be - really make a major comeback. It was all about street retail. It was all about urbanization. I think you're going to see a movement towards suburbs, and that'll be - thatll spell good opportunity for us. And I'm not overly concerned about people are going to have their disposable income and go here and there. I think we'll get our fair share of the growth that's expected when we get past COVID and resume our normal lives. Not overly worried about it.
Haendel St. Juste: Fair enough. Just following up on spread, I know youve been asked this question several different ways, but Im curious overall. Is there anything here in the recent leases you're signing or aren't you seeing the numbers that suggest that spreads could cross here in 2021? I'm curious what your assessment of the prospect of your
David Simon: Well, look, I think, I mean, again I think we are - if I could put a lot of these recent questions in perspective, I mean, in evaluating what we think we're going to earn next year is there's science but there's an element of art because we are dealing with a very uncertain macroenvironment predominantly because of COVID and the impacts that it has on the psyche and how much stimulus we're going to have. There's a lot of uncertainties there, so we try to do the best we can to kind of give you a portrait of what we're going to earn. And there's a lot that goes into it. I think it's hopefully we'll be in that range and well execute like we have historically and we'll be in that range. But it's really hard to pinpoint a specific statistic one way or another because there's just so many variables out there and we try to put it all together in this range to give you a sense of what we think the earnings will be next year or this year, I should say.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: Just talk about your development pipeline, the yield of 8%, I dont think that's changed over the past couple quarters. I'm just curious is that because the projects are pretty much leased and ready to go so there's not much risk to that yield? And secondly, if you had to put new dollars to work, is 8% on development or redevelopment enough to justify it?
Brian McDade: Well, the answer is it hasn't changed much because the development - I mean, not much has changed. I mean, it's been in lockdown as you know, in dealing with COVID. So we hope to look at where we can accretively add, and the answer is no. 8%, there is - no guide its got to be over 8% or 9%. Its got to be what's the value of the property, what it's going to do to the property. I mean, if the property is an 8% cap rate property. And you get an 8% return, you're essentially treading water unless you think you're going to suddenly make it a 6% property which is possible in certain redevelopments. On the other hand, if you spend an 8% on a 5%, then youve made a lot of money. So it - everything boils down to the specific real estate that we're trying to create over a long-term basis. Now remember, we give you these numbers kind of more or less out of the box. But if you get 8% with growth, I mean, that's a pretty good return, unlevered return going forward. So again, it depends on the real estate.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just last question from me, how do you think about - any early thoughts on the kitchen dollar minimum wage and how do you think your retails can handle it and at the end of the day like how much exposure you might be - you might have at Simon as a company?
David Simon: Yes, I really don't, you know. I'm going to stay out of politics. And we'll - I mean I think we all were frustrated with the - what was trust upon us last year because of the - the way that we got treated versus other boxes and other warehouses. The mall seemed to get the brunt of a lot of the restrictions. We would seem more symbolic than inside. Now the reality is, all I want is a level playing field. Just level it for everybody and we'll figure out how to operate in that environment. And I would just say, if it's level and make sense, then great. Then - I could look at that from two, three, four different vantage points and as long as it's a level playing field. Then that's all of it that I'm focused on - and beyond that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman: David I just had - just two other questions. If you talk about sort of the retailers now that you own and obviously with the amount of closures and the malls had obviously their e-commerce sales were rising pretty significantly. You and I have talked over the years about how so much of a retailer's brand was driven by the physical footprint and how you as a landlord, weren't sharing in those e-commerce sales? Especially when your assets were serving as the reason why some of those people may go online and you had expressed a lot of frustration about not getting your fair share of that. I guess now that you're sitting on both sides, can you comment a little bit about how you may be restructuring your leases with those retailers to be able to A) share in those e-commerce sales and what you're doing to benefit from that?
David Simon: Well, there's no real - I mean it's - there's no real change. I mean, we discuss with a lot of retailers what happens if they buy online return to store. What happens if it shifts from store? What happens if they pick up and reserve it in store? And those are all - we have a pretty consistent approach to it. Even with the pandemic and all the - all of the pressures that we've had to deal with and where it still more or less sticking to what we think is the right approach on that front. So I mean, Ill never - we're not looking to get our fair share of their e-commerce sales. So I think you mischaracterized it. I think we're just looking to not get hurt when they do sales. But somehow the store is involved in that sale and thats all that were looking for. Were not - as they do all their business online God bless them, but if the store interaction is important to them we dont want our sales to be reduced. Because the store is providing a service and theyre in lies in a discussion and it really said thats ongoing and its - and I think were making a lot of progress on that front.
Michael Bilerman: Right, if now owning more of the brands, owning more retailers as you sort of get involved and figuring out what is the right split and how would all be handled. And I understand the credit aspect those - where those sales and how it happened whether its returns, but I would imagine that obviously your assets serves a good marketing for those brands? And in calculating what rent you want that retailer to pay based on the sales that they generate within that trade area is something that you would want for Simon shareholders. As I'm trying to figure out how you balance the two sides today?
David Simon: We've been balancing things for years and years and years thats what we do. Look I would say for most retailers having the store is extremely important because if they're in a market out of sight, out of mind they're certainly retailers that are going to experiment with shrinking their store print - store footprint dramatically and assuming that they're going to pick up online. Maybe they - maybe it works I think it won't, but we'll see. Some will take their chance and they certainly have that right to do whatever they want as leases expire. But I don't think they'll make it up on the Internet. And the most and the best successful retailers are ones that really figure out how to do both really well and that's the ones that we want to do business with. And our brands we want to be in that category and in some cases we're not quite there. I mean I would tell you that Penneys e-commerce business is not where it needs to be. On the same thing their store business isn't either. But we're going to mutually go after both elements. I would tell you that the Aero store business is terrific and they're picking up their e-commerce business. I would tell you that Forever 21 doesn't quite have a fully developed e-commerce business. And we want that to happen because we think that makes the store business better.
Michael Bilerman: Right.
David Simon: Not that complicated. There'll be some folks that are in our industry that will say I've got 300 stores. I've got 400 stores, I can do it a 100 and all the growth will come online. My personal view is I don't think they'll succeed. It's really hard to shrink to grow. That really - that's a really hard thing to do. Now, maybe you have to shrink to survive. But shrink to grow would be a better company that's a tough one. It's few and far between but maybe some can make it work. And if they do God bless. And if they do then theyll probably want stores to grow again so that well be back at it and well see.
Michael Bilerman: Thats helpful.
David Simon: But I mean I dont know if Ive answered your question. But theres really - in our frustration is we just want the recognition that - we certainly dont want to get penalized if the store is a critical component for that transaction to have taken place.
Michael Bilerman: Great, thanks for the color, David.
David Simon: Sure. Okay, weve lost - me and the whole team and our time. So thank you. Happy New Year even though you're not supposed to do it in February and we'll talk soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Simon Property Group Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays program is being recorded. And now, Id like to introduce your host for todays program, Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Jonathan and thank you all for joining us today. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Also, on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of todays date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you to please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so you might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. For our prepared remarks, Im pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good evening and thank you for joining us today. Our results this quarter reflect continued progress in tenant reopenings and rent collections. All of our U.S. retail properties are currently open with nearly 25,000 tenants across our portfolio open and operating, and welcoming shoppers to this years extended holiday shopping season. Collections from our U.S. retail portfolio have continued to improve. As of November 6, we have collected 85% of third quarter net build rents. Second quarter collections are now 72% and including the deferred amounts in the calculation, the second quarter collection rate increases to 78%. The details of our collection percentages are clearly laid out in our press release issued this evening. While weve made significant progress in addressing collections, we still have some unresolved amounts with certain larger national tenants, who unfortunately are refusing to pay their contractual rent even though they are open and operating. Let me turn to our results. Third quarter reported FFO was $723 million or $2.05 per share. I am pleased with the solid profitability of the quarter and $600 million in cash flow we generated for the third quarter. Our domestic and international operations in the quarter, however, were negatively impacted by approximately $1.10 per diluted share primarily due to reduced lease income, including sales base rents or ancillary property revenues caused by the COVID-19 disruption partially offset by $0.23 per share from cost reduction initiatives or a net $0.87 per diluted share and then another $0.05 from our international operations as well. And the third quarter also includes our FFO $0.10 per share of lower straight line rent and $0.06 and the litigation expenses and $0.01 lower lease settlement income compared to Q3 of 2019. Now, like I did last quarter for Q2, let me walk through the components of the year-over-year change in the context of portfolio NOI presentation, which you can find on Page 17 supplement issued today and as a reminder, the following amounts are on a gross basis and are not at company share. Total portfolio NOI decreased from $1.5 billion in the third quarter of last year to $1.2 billion this year, a decrease of 22% or approximately $338 million. The year-over-year decline for the third quarter was primarily due to the following approximately $270 million in total from both domestic rent abatements and higher provisions for credit losses, primarily associated with retail bankruptcies. It is important to note we did not amortize any of the abatements granted. We recorded the abatement as negative lease income in the period, in which the abatement terms were agreed with the tenant. The majority of the abatements that were granted were to the thousands of local, small business  small businesses, entrepreneurs, and restauranteurs, who have been suffering immensely with COVID. Our efforts to support local tenants in our centers were resoundingly appreciated as nearly 95% of our local tenants reopened their stores and additional $165 million of the reduction was due to lower minimum rents and reimbursements. Sales-based and short-term leasing due to the  and ancillary property revenues as a reduction from COVID, as well as lease terminations from our bankrupt retailers, and as I mentioned to you before lower sales volume, due to a lingering COVID impact. These decreases were partially offset by $100 million of our cost reduction initiatives. Now, operating metrics, Mall and Premium outlet occupancy at third quarter was 91.4% down 150 basis points from the second quarter of 2020. All of that is essentially a function of tenant bankruptcies, which caused 120 basis-point reduction. Our average base rent was $56.13, up 2.9% year-over-year and we are pleased to report shopper traffic and total sales volume continue to improve with each sequential month and throughout the third quarter, quarter-over-quarter sales thats Q3 of 2019 compared to Q3 of 2020 were down 10% leasing spreads decline for the trailing 12 months, primarily due to the mix of deals from the prior year period that had fallen out of the rent spread calculation. The leasing environment is improving. In the third quarter, we signed 600 leases for nearly two million square feet, and we have a significant number of leases in our pipeline. We are pleased to see a continued long interest, for spaces across our differentiated portfolio. Demand for space in our premium outlet portfolio has been really strong with the space that has become available as a result of recent tenant bankruptcies. We are signing deals with the best new and exciting brands who want access to our highly productive outlets and an ode to Rick whos not here, but listening uncertain, we are executing both long-term and pop-up deals with leading brands, including names like Prada, Ferrari, Allbirds and UGG, just to name a few and many, many more. During the quarter, we also resumed construction on the redevelopment of the Macys Mens Store at Stanford Shopping Center with a RH mansion and we started construction of a former Bloomingdale store for the falls and at The Shops at Mission Viejo. Our net  the good news with this diligent focus on capital spend, all approved projects right now through 2020, our net cash funding is $140 million. Now, let me turn to brand and retail investments Spark, as you know, is our 50/50 joint venture with Authentic Brands Group, acquired Brooks and Lucky Brands out of bankruptcies. Both are storied and widely recognized brands with combined global sales of over $1.5 billion. We acquire companies cheaply and we believe we can grow the EBITDA and achieve a significant return on our investment. Both brands have been integrated into the Spark platform, and were very pleased with the progress weve made in such a short period of time. We recently partnered with Brookfield as you know and are in contract to acquire the operations, intellectual property and certain real estate of the J.C. Penney Company in a going concern transaction under Section 363 of the bankruptcy code. We believe in the Penneys brand, the company did over $9 billion in sales pre-COVID. We believe, we can return the company to increasing sales and grow the EBITDA. The company has a loyal core diverse and inclusive cost base concentrated in a moderate to higher aspirational category. This customer is important to the community as is J.C. Penney and to us, and we expect we will continue to grow this customer over time, and were extremely proud to serve the community in that capacity. We believe that with us in Brookfield, bringing focus the passion, ownership, enhanced financial discipline to the operations, well have the opportunity to earn a significant return on our investment. And as part of that, we also anticipate our good partner; Authentic Brands Group will become an investor in the buying group. And as importantly, were very pleased to say for 60,000 jobs in our country, we continue to do our part to support the local community in our efforts. now, balance sheet; at the end of the third quarter, our total liquidity was more than $9.7 billion consisting of $8.2 billion of available credit facility, borrowing capacity $1.5 billion, for a total of $9.7 billion. And this is, as a reminder, net of $623 million of quarter-end commercial paper outstanding. Weve been active in the secure debt markets and have addressed all of our remaining loan maturities for the year, including a refinancing of the mills at Jersey Gardens through a single asset CMBS securitization, which has been priced and scheduled to fund next week. Our debt covenants have  are well above required levels, well above it with significant headroom and our balance sheet, financial flexibility, our distinct advantages in our retail real estate industry that cannot and Im sure are not overlooked and the dividends we paid a common stock dividend of $1.30 in cash. And then finally, before we open it up to any questions, I again want to thank my Simon colleagues for their continued result in running our business under often trying circumstances, the environment that has been constantly changing. We withstood COVID. We have withstood government shutdowns. We have withstood lack of federal and state health, especially in real estate taxes. We have withstood fires in Northern California, hurricanes in Louisiana and elsewhere, and civil unrest and were pleased with the cash flow were generating and I want to thank my colleagues for busting their hump and things are looking up. Were ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt from bank of America. Your question, please.
Craig Schmidt: Great, thank you. I guess, given the acceleration of COVID cases and the possibility of future mandated closings, I wonder if youre seeing greater consistency concerning store opening orders or store closing orders from state and local governments, particularly with the regards to the demands made on standalone retailers versus mall operated properties?
David Simon: Well, the only situation that we have right now is in El Paso, where an enclosed mall is been asked to essentially shut down, that is of recent, that happened over the weekend. Again, I think enclosed malls are being treated unfairly and inconsistently, but we deal with what we deal with right now. Thats the only one Craig, were hopeful that that will reopen. And listen, I think the consumer obviously is cautious. Our quarter-over-quarter sales decrease is only 10%. So, the consumer is starting to come back. Theyre wearing masks and with all our protocols, were  were hopeful that  that trend will continue, but theres certainly no guarantees. And as far as predicting the government and state and local actions, I mean obviously, the level of inconsistency, its been very frustrating. Its been state-by-state, city-by-city, county-by-county. It is a testament and often on look  often overlook that enable to deal with this as well as we have, and weve done it, when Ive asked people to take pay cuts, and theyve done it. Theyve shown up to work every day. Youve seen the collection  the improvement in collections. I think were making basically all the right moves and  but we can only deal with what we can deal with. I have no  I dont know if further restrictions will be in order, we have yet to see any evidence that our environment spreads anything. obviously, the outlets and outdoor centers are doing better. But as you know, we have 50% of our portfolio NOI dedicated to that. Thats kind of why I think you see our performance the way it is, and the one line item thats up, if you looked at our financials, is real estate taxes, when are local jurisdictions going to start giving relief to retail real estate taxes, compared to distribution warehouses and the like. Its completely opposite. We do more for the communities than other property types and I am hopeful that at one point in the near future that that they  these communities will recognize it.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then just as a follow-up, weve noticed the store closing cadence has slowed since Labor Day. Im wondering if the occupancy number in 3Q 2020 could be the trough, or do you still expect maybe some lower occupancy in first quarter 2021?
David Simon: Well, I think itll  thatll be a function of whether we have further bankruptcies or not, Craig. I think based on what it is, we should be fine, but I mean, it is possible that well have further bankruptcies and well have to  when that happens, obviously, well deal with that. But theres certainly some bankruptcies that are potential out there in the next few months.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of rich Hill from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Rich Hill: Hey, good evening, David. Thanks for taking my question. first of all, thank you very much for the transparency on the bridge to rent collections. I think thats top-notch and best-in-class. So, thank you for doing it. I want to ask a strategy question and maybe, think about your portfolio. One of the things I think is misunderstood about Simon is that youre not  you own a diversified portfolio of retail real estate across property types in the quality spectrum. So, Im curious as you think about your portfolio on the other side of COVID-19, or do you like, are you comfortable with having, call it 46% to 49% of your total NOI coming from malls? Do you like  do you want less, do you want more outlets? Do you want more international? Im just really curious about how you think about your portfolio, maybe over the next decade.
David Simon: Listen, I think the  were a strong believer in the outlet business, as you know and especially, with retailers and brands moving more and more toward direct to consumer. And so I think that plays well into that and obviously, the outdoor environment continues to be an advantage certainly with the COVID [indiscernible] much part of our lives. So, I like where we are. I think, over time our portfolio, non-core assets will be shed, usually those dont have a material impact on our NOI or cash flow. And so I kind of like where we are  well probably shed some more properties. I think international is intriguing now. Theres value that weve added, the outlet business there that we have is very good. The outlet business in Asia is strong. So, were going to want to grow that, but I feel kind of like the diversity by region, by product type and by  certainly, by domestic versus international. So, our international results were pretty good. They were down though; we had some new properties open up and some expansion. So, its hard to see that, but the core number was down a little bit, but they came back pretty strong. Obviously, theres a big wave going on now in Europe. So, theyre starting some more restrictions, but I think the direct to consumer from the brands is really important and I think that plays well in the outlet business. by the way, its helping shop premium outlets. Its been an hour and a half with my partners, both at Rue La La, Gilt and the kinetic folks going through a [indiscernible] that want to be hooked up. So, this vision that we had is actually going to come to fruition, I hope, knock on wood. So, I like where we are. But were always looking at quality real estate and I look at the quality more  quality is more important than potentially, the property type and I think thats the big focus and theres going to be obsolescent retail real estate. And so I think owning the best of the best is going to be a key to our success in the future.
Rich Hill: Yes. Thats really helpful, David. And the reason I was asking the question is just  it just seems to me that on this other COVID-19 world, whatever it is, that the retailer itself is probably, like you, agnostic, of the type and its just looking for the best quality. So, Im curious is that beginning to resonate with retailers, as you think about  as they think about their footprint and how Simon Property Group can help fulfill those footprints, or is it still too early?
David Simon: No, no, no, absolutely. And I would say that trend is happened completely. I mean we  in the mall  the mall is always competed with the guy across the streets for the retailers that competition still exists. Its certainly only going to be exacerbated by whats happened over the last six, seven, eight months and youve got to own quality, and its somewhat  today, its somewhat irrelevant whether its this kind of asset or that its really, doesnt have critical mass. Is it well located? Does it serve the customer the way they want to be served?
Rich Hill: Got it. Thanks, David. Look forward to chatting more.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb from Piper Sandler. your question, please.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good evening. Good evening out there and handy. Hows that David?
David Simon: Were out  were definitely out here, man. Okay.
Alexander Goldfarb: Well look, your center of the biotech and health world. So, we appreciate everything that the biotechs are doing.
David Simon: Because when Lilly gets their vaccine, I hope, my team is first in line, just because were there across the street from us. Okay. So, well see.
Alexander Goldfarb: Excellent, excellent. So, two questions; first again, appreciate the breakout and actually, this provides clarity, so that people can see the collections on a net basis, or if you want to do collections on a gross basis, its helpful. Youd mentioned the abatements were basically expensed in the period granted. So, on a go-forward basis, as we think about fourth quarter and the ramp up, does this mean that, we should see fourth quarter earnings jumped by $200 million, or how should we think about the impact of the deferrals and the impact of the abatements on a go-forward, so that we can think about the progression of Simon. Im not asking for guidance, but Im just trying to get a ramp of how much kind of
David Simon: Youre asking for guidance cleverly. But I  listen, I would, everything is very still up in the air and obviously, we had  the worlds had this positive news today about the vaccine, but the fact is COVID is spiking. So, we have to be very serious that I would hope Alex. I mean, the big issue, the big thing that weve confronted aggressively in Q2 and Q3, and the way I look at it, frankly, theres almost put those two quarters together, because youre right in a  we took the P&L hit when we granted the abatement and thats the right way to look at it, but I would think that the vast majority of any abatements are behind us. Thats though to be clear, thats not to say that if theres an appropriate trade with a retailer thats a win-win for us, that we wont do more. And what does that really mean? its new deals lease extent, its the normal stuff to do. But I would literally hope that the worst is behind us. But listen, I dont know what the new COVID cases today was. I was a little busy, but Im sure its well over 100,000. And I cant guarantee that, but I would say between the credit provisions and the bankruptcies. Im sorry  the credit provisions, including the bankruptcies are kind of all melded in that number and the abatements that we went out of our way to do, we werent legally required to do, but we did for people that were; one, on the local front, very sensitive to their plight; and two, there was a decent trade for us and the retailer, and we want them to prosper, frankly. I would hope that the vast majority of those two numbers, credit loss permissions, as well as abatements are behind us.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. But David, as you said earlier, the abatements were largely your local tenants. So, theyve either made it or they havent. So
David Simon: I said that majority of it, we did grant abatements to others. So, theres other abatements that have been in there. I mean  but that, again, thats a  its a pretty big number in terms of that we didnt have to do. And like I said, I hope that its behind us. Well have more in the Q4, but what were projecting is a lot lower than what weve had in Q2 and Q3 together.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. So, correct, so basically, youve taken the hard approach with both for all of the abatements in 2Q and 3Q. So hopefully, going forward is less. Okay. I got it. The second question, David is on the retailer front. Brooks Brothers, Lucky Brand, you did Aeropostale, Now youre going to do J.C. Penney. You highlighted the sales; you highlighted this customer base, thats loyal to the brand. What are  I mean, what are the elements without giving away totally the secret sauce? What are the elements that give you confidence when you look at trouble retailers and bankrupt ones, hey, what the core shopper for this brand is still there, despite that the retailers had trouble and is in bankruptcy, we feel that the core shopper is substantially still in place that weve  that we can recover. Because its certainly not just buying something cheap enough, anything can be cheap. theres got to be something tangible that makes you feel like you can get these customers to really come back and do it in a profitable way. So, what is it that gives you that confidence?
David Simon: Well first of all, were  we do, dont underestimating buying things cheap. Okay, Alex. So, thats always, its always good to do that regardless. Listen, I just think based on the sales that were seeing from the brands, we do a lot of brand research and then we attacked the problems with the profitability, given I wont name names, but Brooks brothers is a great example. Its got a great following. It had the strangest real estate footprint. They were  they had single stores that were paying $3 million a year in rent. I wont name names and the ability to reject those leases and create profitability there, get out of bad stores, reduce the overhead and then do all this special marketing and with ABG has been a winning formula. In addition to that, we source it better and since we have this platform, where we can leverage our base off of, its just like  its been a very profitable thing. I will tell you one day spark will be worth. I mean, this isnt my style, but its going to be worth, were going to make a plus on that investment without question. And its just  we know the brands, we do a lot of research. ABG has been a very good partner. They know how to blow out the license aspect of it, which were a partner in. We get out of bad stores. We buy the inventory at a discount. We right-size the overhead and were just  and with better business judgment and lo and behold, you suddenly have a business thats got positive  significant positive EBITDA and you havent paid much for it that and I think when you put it all together, well have something thatll have great positive EBITDA and well end up making $1 billion plus out of it.
Alexander Goldfarb: Whether we look forward to you thinks
David Simon: Well, my partner thinks a lot more, but Ill give you that number.
Alexander Goldfarb: We look forward to the exit and seeing that billion dollars crystallized.
David Simon: I mean, yes. I dont  its been a good, its been a great investment, so why  I dont know that well exit anytime soon.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi. Maybe, just following up on Alexs question more on the near to medium-term then. So, youve mentioned that your investments in the retailers have been at inexpensive prices allowing you to earn a significant return in terms of how this ends up impacting Simons own earnings in the near to medium-term. Do you expect the contribution to be meaningful itself? And if so, like by how much, and when, or is it that the investments generally support Simons core business, or I guess both?
David Simon: Well, I think its the above. It will be profitable. We have that separate line item in our 8-K, what page is that?
Caitlin Burrows: 17?
David Simon: Its a little, the only thing, Caitlin, it is a little  obviously, its more volatile than the rent aspect of our business. But youll  because its getting a little bit bigger, not materially bigger, but a little bigger, we decided to outline that separately. So, you can look at it as a standalone on its own. And then obviously, dont forget, they do pay us contracted rent to  Spark is a rent payer to the Simon Property Group and its a property. So, we get the added benefit of the cash flow from running the business operate and then obviously, we get the added benefit of the rent, thats collected from the entity with the stores that we have.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. And then maybe, on the dividends, I know its up to the board, but given the $1.30 per share dividend for 3Q, the historical dividend rate, current FFO and cash flow, what metrics or drivers will be most important in establishing the 4Q dividend and that of future quarters?
David Simon: Well listen, I think, I think we still are very, very cautious in the sense of the dividend, just with respect to COVID. So, once we, I mean, I feel like at least that the worst is behind us, but we dont know for sure. So, I think well continue to be conservative in that. Obviously, you see our cap spend a way down a new development or redevelopment, that may pick up a little bit next year. So, well balance that obviously, we got to deal with our taxable income as well, but I cant give you a real through run rate yet and I think well be in a better position in 2021 to explain that when we do our earnings guidance, which we will reinstate in our earnings call, I mean, we have a pretty good idea what we expect from next year. But wed like to go ahead and finish the year as well, given all the volatility out there, but were confident of dividend and the cash paying aspects of it and the cash flow generation from our company. And I think if you saw that in the Q3, a reasonably healthy pickup from Q2 and when we were really in the midst of trying to figure out COVID.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citi. your question, please.
Michael Bilerman: Great, thank you. Good evening, David. I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about the leasing pipeline. Youve talked about the leasing that you accomplished in the third quarter, that two million square feet and a very large pipeline that youre working on. And I was wondering if you can provide us maybe with some a little bit more granularity about that pipeline, how much of it is new leasing for vacant space, new leasing for tenants that are going to be vacating [ph] and also potential renewal activity. And within that, maybe you can sort of just highlight the changing nature of maybe, the leases. I dont know if theres differences in term or TIs or anything, just to give us a little bit more flavor for what the current environment is like.
David Simon: Well again, thats, Im not going to get into the  as much as you want. Im not going to  thats not really the purpose of the call to go through the granularity of all the leases. But I would say generally, the lease terms have not changed. TAs have not really increased and were seeing more box activity. Theres a number of retailers that want to grow their footprint in the outlet business, a number of the better and the higher brands. Were also seeing that the Parkers of the world wanting to grow their footprint and the internet oriented companies then you see companies like American Eagle and others that are growing their footprint. Theres a well-known retailer that has their kind of casual wear business thats growing their footprint significantly. I think weve got 20 deals in the works for them. So, its across the board and I would say, were mostly replacing spaces that we got back from bankruptcies, leases that have terminated and the renewals are  a lot of the renewals were doing now, were doing as part of our COVID initiation. So to the extent that we did a deal in abatement, we may have addressed 2020 and 2021 renewals, and its a judgement retailer by retailer and its working it, I mean, obviously the nations arent easy, because I mean, COVID has made them nervous and obviously, theres a lot of excess capacity in our retail real estate industry. But I think well hold our own and I  and look, I think the cash flow, well see improvements for cash flow next year. And again,  and that will be a combination of lease renewals, new business, better sales, we lost a lot of income just, because we were shut down with all of our Simon brand venture income, all the stuff thats traffic-driven. So, I think well make a rebound along all those lines. And no, were not doing just percentage rent deals. The outlet business has had historically; some of the lead anchors have had percent rent deals only. to the extent that we do it, we have a floor in there and a clearly defined definition of sales, but its all over the board, but its  I guess, what were trying to convey to you, Michael, is that we are open and doing your business, and thats support, and I think well have a better, well get more granular next quarter, but were open to doing new business and the retailers are  sure there are a number of closing stores. There are a number of bankruptcies, but the ones that are out there are looking to grow their footprint.
Michael Bilerman: Thats helpful color. And then just as a follow-up on capital deployment obviously, the big focus of yours has been a lot of these innovative transactions buying some brand named retailers, but you also talked on the call in response to a previous question about buying high-quality real estate and I wanted to better understand what sort of opportunities may be out there, either buying from your joint venture partners, which may want to reduce their retail, or maybe, they dont and they want to go further in, but you also have a transaction that youre having over, thats very high-quality real estate. So, Im just trying to understand how all of this fits together.
David Simon: Well, Michael, again, I respect you immensely and we really  Im not going to not going to get into the tailwind situation; obviously, you saw our litigation expense with it. But were not out of  Id say if there is quality real estate, were going to look at it and much like  and it, but theres got to be bargains that can be had. And so well see what that transpires, but nothing really, I want to  and also want to be, because weve been asked this. I mean, were not between the penney and closing of Brooks and lucky. Theres really nothing else on the spark or the retail front that we see right now clearly, for the rest of the year. So that business is all about integrating Brooks and lucky into spark. And then obviously, we have a tremendous amount of work to do partner, Brookfield and the management team at penney to sustain their turnaround. And so weve  our plate is full in that category. There wont be anything going on, on that front. And were really  right now, we havent really looked at anything external, because obviously, we got our hands full, but it is a testament to the company that, we can do penney, we can do our debt deal. We can shut down our properties, open them up deal with weve done 14,000 lease amendments. right, Brian?
Brian McDade: Yes.
David Simon: weve collected rent, that hasnt been easy. Okay. Its not like they just suddenly said, okay, Im going to send you a rent check that it hadnt been that easy. So, I mean, weve been busy, obviously, weve done a lot of refinancings on the secured front. Weve been doing just about  there we shut down the pipeline in terms of redevelopment. development brought it back up to some extent. So, I mean, we are  we got our hands full, I think weve been executing unbelievably with all the  all of the things that have been thrown at us. So, were really not looking externally at this moment.
Michael Bilerman: It sounds like Brian has less hair now.
David Simon: he  by the way, I think between Tom and Brian and Adam here, Im the only one with hair; however, depending on your vantage point, you may accuse me of being in the thoughts. So, okay. Lets move on. Lets move on.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston from Deutsche bank. Your question, please.
Derek Johnston: Hi everyone. Good evening. Allied Esports, PARM, pinstripes, Soho House, and Nobu Hotels, how do you guys view these earlier pre-COVID investments and/or partnerships, and do you still believe them to be a viable path forward posting them and as we emerge from the pandemic or in effect, has the merchandising approach actually changed?
David Simon: No. Look, obviously we wish  good question, and we obviously wish that the pandemic hasnt  didnt hit us, but  and hit those businesses, but Soho has a great brand and ultimately, will be stronger and gets everything back online. So, the reality is very comfortable and they actually brought in some new capitals at the price that we did a couple of months ago, I think. So, Soho is great. PARM, we actually have Woodbury and Burlington opening next year, I think Woodburys opening in January and Burlington in the spring, and my son and I and if Jeff Rosnicks [ph] listening, which I doubt he is, but we had a great carried out dinner at PARM. So, Id encourage everybody to go eat there, it was really good, chicken PARM dinner. I think its a great brand; lifetime will be the survivor in that industry. I have all the confidence in the world, a great CEO, entrepreneur, great brand, great customer base. So, I think by and large, we feel like were a pretty good spot. I dont think  I think whats changed there, because I dont think well do the little venture deals the way we did, even though weve had some recent pops in those, meaning we got some, were going to  were selling our interest in the MDs at a profit and weve  theres some new capital thats come into some of those businesses at prices higher than what came in. but I dont think well do those little deals anymore. I think weve got too much too much to say grace over. But I think all of that weve invested in, we feel generally pretty good though. Theyve all frankly  theyre all fit the flywheel that we were creating. We just didnt anticipate, the black swans of black swans, and  but all of those companies are alive and I expect them to come out of it, okay.
Derek Johnston: Okay, great. And sticking on some larger brands, are some of the brands you recently made lifeline investments? I know they were mentioned briefly lucky, Brooks Brothers, Forever 21. Will any merchandising additions and perhaps with Authentic drive a focused remerchandising mix at J. C. Penney and hopes to accelerate sales, is that on the table?
David Simon: Great insight and the answer is absolutely. So thats one of the interesting things that we found is, we do think that the combination of our relationships with a direct-to-consumer crowd, as well as all the brands that either we control or that ABG does, that those products will find a home in Penney. And theres a lot of intense discussions going on. So, we would expect to enhance the Penney vendor matrix with the brands that ABG controls as well as ours. So very, very astute and the answer is without question.
Derek Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller from JPMorgan. Your question, please.
Mike Mueller: Thanks. Can you tell us what the pro rata uncollectable reserve is thats in minimum rent for the quarter?
David Simon: The pro-rata minimum rent in our joint ventures? Not sure.
Mike Mueller: No. The pro rata, the uncollectable reserve, what it is our pro rata basis in the quarter?
David Simon: Were really doing this on a gross basis, because thats how we look at it.
Mike Mueller: Okay. And can you talk about how similar or different traffic and sales are at the outlets versus the malls?
David Simon: The outlets are performing, I dont want to necessarily get into the specifics, but the outlets are performing better. What weve seen across the board though, whether its an outlet or an enclosed, if it does cater to tourism, those are ones that are continued to be  continued to underperform our average. So, whether its in Orlando, enclosed or outlet, in Orlando, we have an enclosed mall there, we have the outlet centers that market both are underperforming with because of the lack of tourism and obviously, Universal and Disney operating at much less than full capacity.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Floris van Dijkum from Compass Point. Your question, please.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks for taking my question, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Floris van Dijkum: I had a question on Authentic Brands; you suggested theyre going to step into the J. C. Penney deal with Brookfield and yourself. Would they be an equal partner or  and what pricing would they step in at the same price you guys bought?
David Simon: Yes. the same price they will not be an equal partner, but theyll put in  well do see in our investment both us and Brookfield based upon the contribution they make.
Floris van Dijkum: Great. And so how do you look at Authentic Brands, particularly, I mean, you talked a little bit about having their brands  selling their brands exclusively through the J.C. Penney outlets and increasing the J.C. Penney private sales it sounds like?
David Simon: Well, I didnt say thats exclusive, but they have a  they control a number of brands, like Juicy Couture as an example. And theyre  Juicy Couture is not in J.C. Penney. And so were going through the vendor matrix now, to eventually, I think Penney will end up distributing those kinds of brands that ABG controls, J.C. Penney department store. So, itll be a win-win for everybody.
Floris van Dijkum: Okay. Maybe, my follow-up question with some of those brands as well, particularly as it relates to the outlet business. So, you mentioned your outlet business is doing quite well; obviously theyre open air. So, they dont have quite the same restrictions. Maybe, if you can talk a little bit about how you think the outlet business could  is it still going to be as reliant on apparel going forward and how does Authentic Brands fit in and is Authentic Brands a tenant right now, or a large tenant in your outlet business and could they be in the future?
David Simon: Authentic Brands is not really, I mean, they had some brands that we dont  were not invested in, but they do have outlet stores now. They dont necessarily operate those stores, but take an example, Volcom, where theyre a partner with Volcom. We dont  were not Simon Property is not investor in that, but they own the IP and they own part of the operations. But its really; Volcom is used to be owned by Kering Group and then sold it. But they operate Volcom itself, operates outlet stores in our portfolio. So, they are not an operator of stores. ABG, but they do have  they do own intellectual property of certain brands that do operate stores in our outlets and that will continue, but thats been that way for years. So again, but were not involved in everything that ABG does, like Joe and others. I mean, I do think a number of their brands do have store potential. And theyll either operate or find an operator operate those stores. And what was your other question? Im sorry. I forgot it.
Floris van Dijkum: Yes. The other question David was in regards to the apparel, the severance of apparel and  do you see that changing overtime?
David Simon: Look I think, generally, were seeing a lot more interest in home furnishings and the life were doing a lot more deals in the outlet sector with that  without naming names, but all the home furnishing and furniture folks. And so I think as youve seen that shift generally speaking, I think were seeing a lot of that pickup in the outlet business as well.
Floris van Dijkum: Those typically would have the lower sales. Is that a concern for you, or do you think its all about driving traffic at the center?
David Simon: I think its all about driving the traffic. I have no concern about that at all. And usually, those are a little big boxes, so that the rent thats leaving versus, what Id rather have a dress barn or an RH. okay. Thats right. So, would I rather have  so that it says kind of trade-offs that I think are available to us. I think the mix actually will significantly impact  improve, because were going to end up reclaiming some of the older less relevant brands for some of the good or the better brands.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai from Jefferies. Your question, please.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Your overall leverage is much better than your peers, but net debt to NOI is a term understandably since 2019. What sort of leverage do you want to target and how would you expect this to trend in 2021?
David Simon: Well, our leverage should  debt-to-EBTIDA should decrease, right. So, were generating cash. Our development spend is modest and the excess cash other than dividend will ultimately, go to reduce our indebtedness, so  and were also sell  well sell assets. So, were still looking to essentially maintain our balance sheet. I mean, thats an advantage that weve worked very hard to achieve, hasnt been easy and I would not  were not going to blow that. Brian, you want to add anything?
Brian McDade: No. We dont naturally come down next year, Linda, just given the recoup of NOI relative year-over-year. So, you will see us come back down to a more normalistic or a level consistent with prior periods is our expectation.
Linda Tsai : Thanks. And then in terms of the non-core assets that will be shed, albeit not a material impact, over what timeframe would this happen? Like, would you wait for some stabilization in NOI?
David Simon: Well, I just think its going to, were  in fact, were  weve got an asset now were about the market. I mean, were going to try and do it. I mean, well see, its not  this isnt, this is not earth-shattering big projects, but theres  respect to shed, some non-core assets that wont have a  not going to have a material impact, but just itll help us run the company better, because we wont have to focus on it.
Linda Tsai : Thanks. And then just one last one, in terms of the 85% collections in 3Q, do you think this will stay neutral in the neutral territory in your term, or would you expect bigger improvements?
David Simon: Well, I would expect it to be hopefully, better in Q4. But were just  were similar in October and  but obviously, I would hope that we  as I mentioned to you before we still got some bigger accounts that we have not made a lot of progress with. Im hopeful that something positive will happen there. So, once that happens, then itll jump up.
Linda Tsai : Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Your question, please.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. So David, I was hoping you could talk a bit more about the environment for larger anchor box space; specifically, Im curious where its coming from and how the spreads compared to the rest of you overall leasing? And now, are you able to run any commentary at all whether youve leased any of that space to Amazon? Thanks.
David Simon: Yes. Believe it or not, there are still deals to be done. I mean, were talking to a department store to take a couple of boxes over, theres not going to be 30 to 40 deals, but therell be 15 and I think our retail community is generally, the healthier companies are looking towards the future and believe in the  in having the right footprint and were going to shrink the bad stores, but I think theyre going to look at new opportunities. Its not going to  we still believe in the mixed use effort that were undertaking. Obviously, we dont have to be in a rush to do it. And were not going to build, were looking at plans that maybe, had a 60,00, 70,000, a 100,000 square feet of new retail, small shop space, or youre not going to program that, but well make it up with boxes and the lower investment, and still manage the appropriate returns. So, theres still opportunity to release the space. Fact of the matter is we still dont own a lot of it that we want, but were not going to pay appropriate prices for it and theres certainly a gap between the bid and the ask. Were really not bidding, and theyre really not asking, but if we were to bid and they were to ask, it would be a big gap, but good real estate will survive. But its going to take capital, great operator and its not going to be for the faint of heart and  but its going to be reprogrammed. So, just something jumps out like a Brea, well probably have, we always had two anchors, but we had this is the old Sears store that we control. Well still do the two anchors there. But we probably programmed a 100,000 square feet of restaurants, small shops, and were not going to do it. Well probably do 2030, but the costs will go down and we still think well have the appropriate returns on investment. So, theres still stuff to do to improve our portfolio and theres still some decent demand on just box for box.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it, got it. Thats helpful. Are you able or willing to say if any of that leasing has been with Amazon specifically?
David Simon: I didnt hear you well. Could you repeat it, please?
Haendel St. Juste: Apologies. I was curious if youre able or willing to share any of that leasing has been specifically with Amazon.
David Simon: There  we have no signed deal with Amazon. No.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. And a follow-up on the leasing spreads in the quarter down another 400 basis sequentially minus 4% second quarter in a row. Was there anything having a disproportionate in that calculation during the quarter, when do you think that trough and I guess more broadly, how importantly, do you think having a vaccine effectively at hand will be during the ongoing lease negotiations and the near-term trajectory of leases as we build back to pre-COVID cash flow? Thank you.
David Simon: Yes. I think the spread is really mixed, because we had some boxes that rolled out last year compared to this year. So, I wouldnt  thats a number I wouldnt jump up and down whether its really good or not so good as in this quarter, its really a mix issue. Because we had a lot of box activity last year that we rolled out and this year, its 12 months later. So, its really more of a mixed issue and you could see that in our base rents increasing, which is probably a little more important stat.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay.
David Simon: Okay.
Haendel St. Juste: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone from Green Street. Your question, please.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good evening. I have a few questions related to co-tenancy clauses, when an anchor is tenant temporarily closed, like the movie theaters today, could that trigger a co-tenancy cause at your center? And then also more broadly, just can you help us understand what impact co-tenancy clauses have had on financials this year, if any?
David Simon: Very little Vince, this year and we dont expect it to be meaningful or immaterial, let me restate it and say it better. Itll be in material next year.
Vince Tibone: Yes. Okay. And then on this temporary point, like if the theater is temporary closed, is that potentially an issue on that front or what  I know its hard to obtain much.
David Simon: No, no. its a more appropriate question. I think, of all of the theater closures at one deal and I cant remember which one that it may affect a co-tenancy at one of the mills for a few of the boxes. Its essentially immaterial.
Vince Tibone: Okay. Thank you for that. And then Ill let you control J.C. Penney, and youre clearly bullish on the future there, but how are you thinking about the pace of potential story captured there some of your better centers and even in order to pursue redevelopment opportunities in the next few years?
David Simon: Well, it hasnt closed. And in fact there was a hearing today, which I did not hear. I did not hear what happened, but to approve our  its still not done yet. So, it hasnt closed assuming it gets approved. Itll be sometime later in the month. Look, its complicated way. Its split up between what the operating company owns in the real estate and what the POSCO loans. We have rights. We, being Simon, have rights to recapture certain assets. So, does Brookfield, but I think were going to be patient about it, because I think the most important thing right now is just to get it stabilized and positioned for the future, but eventually, there are certainly some stores that probably are not maybe, properly positioned with us, where we do want to recapture the space. And I think thats an opportunity, but youre not under  we dont feel the pressure to do that anytime soon. But thatll be next years business. And then when that happens, I get to negotiate, I guess I dont really know what to do. Maybe risk, maybe our guys, maybe Brookfield. Im not really sure how it works, but we will, we will, we will appropriately do it fairly with all the constituencies involved.
Vince Tibone: Okay. Thank you for that.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria from BMO Capital Markets. Your question, please.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thanks for the time. I was just wondering how discussions are going with grocers given how strongly they performed in kind of their space to date with the COVID and how thats transpired. Have you seen traction in the various different format or kind of what is, are they most attracted to from the different types of assets that Simon owns and controls?
David Simon: Its still reopened one in a specialty grocer in Boca. Just recently, thats doing very well. We just made a deal that I dont know that I can announce it that we just signed the lease this week to replace fairway, the fairway market grocer in Nanuet with a great grocer. So, there are  what were really focused on is the specialty grocers as opposed to the big mammoth ones and I think therell be a handful of deals. Its not going to be 50, but I think it will be over the next couple of years. Theres no way we cant get 10 to 20 to specialty ones, like the one we did a bulk is great. Its sort of an end cap of kind of the lifestyle center that we did it Boca and high-end grocer in, come in, get your prepared foods, quality. You still have the Italys of the world that are out there looking to do a business. I had a comment with them recently, thats the same kind of category, prepared foods, specialty grocer, not necessarily a place; I guess you could pick up milk, but, more of prepared foods, dining or get your special consumable. So, I do think thatll continue to grow.
Juan Sanabria: Great. And a follow-up from me. You kind of talked about acquiring some assets, high quality retail. Have you looked at, or any interest in some of the Westfield centers given what theyre trying to do at the corporate level?
David Simon: No. I mean, theyre doing what theyre doing, so nothing there to report.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from Truist. Your question, please.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Youve provided a helpful bridge looking at the portfolio NOI from last year to this year? One of the biggest components of that was that $270 million you mentioned. And its a big number. I was just wondering if theres any kind of breakdown you can provide on the call?
David Simon: Well, its a combination, as I said, of abatements and credit provisions. The credit provisions are mostly bankruptcies. How is it split, its  I dont know, 60/40 somewhere in that range. Is that  if thats helpful to you, again, I dont  I view this as kind of a one  this is not going to be routine, but its kind of a one-time between the COVID impact, so to speak between Q2 and Q3, but its split roughly between abatements and credit provisions, which are mostly bankruptcies and abatements, and maybe, its 60/40 in that range. Is that helpful?
Ki Bin Kim: It is. And are you incorporating tenants on the watch list that are not being corrupt or not near-term bankrupt?
David Simon: Credit provisions include lots of things beyond prepetition rent or anything else associated with a bankruptcy.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just given the news today about the vaccine from Pfizer, does that make any kind of impact in terms of your mentality when it comes to lease negotiations? I know its early, but just curious.
David Simon: Not really. I mean, listen, I  before the news today, I mean, we were feeling better that we had dealt with a lot of crap in Q2 and Q3, and were here to  and were here and our cash flows dramatically up and our collections are up, and were getting our business back to normal. So, we were headed that way anyway. But obviously, its  just I mean, this situation, is it black swan times two or three and its been sad for all of us to have to see whats happened to the country good solid businesses beforehand that weve had to deal with our employees, obviously, all the people, in fact,  just maybe, theres a little more of whats the trays of peppermint  whats that?
Brian McDade: Pep in the step.
David Simon: Pep in the step, I just think its good news. Lets hope we can  lets hope we can get out and get done. But now, its not going to  its not going to affect us, because were mostly dealing with COVID-oriented shutdowns or impact of those shutdowns. And listen I hope it gives our client face more confidence and that thats fine. Thats good. It should, it should. And hopefully, well see some benefits from that into 2021 and beyond.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question edition of todays program. Id like to hand the program back to David Simon for any further remarks.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you and thanks for staying late on a Monday night. be well.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-11 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc. David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.
Analysts: Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co. Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ki Bin Kim - Truist Securities Linda Tsai - Jefferies LLC Nicholas Yulico - Scotiabank Derek Johnston - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. John P. Kim - BMO Capital Markets Corp. Vince Tibone - Green Street Advisors Floris van Dijkum - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q2 2020 Simon Property Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you, Robert, and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Also, on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For those who like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you to please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so you might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. For prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good evening and thank you for joining us this evening. Before I turn to our second quarter results, I really just want to again express my gratitude to the entire Simon team for their tireless work they continue to do for our shoppers, communities, and retailers. As we said previously, the safety of our communities in which we serve is our top priority, and the team has managed unprecedented circumstances in dealing with the pandemic, certain recent natural disasters, obviously the unfortunate rioting that also occurred. So we've been dealing with obviously a lot. And frankly I'm extremely proud, grateful for the dedication and commitment of our team as they've demonstrated during these challenging times, from opening  from closing to opening to securing our buildings. They've done a heck of a job. So let's go to the numbers. Second quarter reported funds from operation was $746.5 million, or $2.12 per share. I'm pleased with the resiliency of our portfolio and the solid profitability and positive cash flow we achieved in the second quarter. Keep in mind, please, our profitability was achieved despite our US portfolio being closed to the public for nearly 10,500 shopping days during the second quarter. Our domestic and international operations in the quarter were negatively impacted by approximately $1.13 per diluted share primarily due to reduced lease income and ancillary property revenues as a result of the COVID-19 disruption, partially offset by approximately $0.36 per diluted share from cost reduction initiatives or a net $0.77 per diluted share in the second quarter. Now, let me walk you through the components of the year-over-year change in the context of our portfolio NOI. I think the best way to do that is on page 17 of our supplement that we issued today. This will help you understand the impact of COVID-19. First of all, total portfolio NOI or net operating income decreased from $1.5 billion in the second quarter last year to approximately $1.2 billion this year, a decrease of 21%, or approximately $315 million. The year-over-year decline for the second quarter was due primarily to the following: approximately $215 million from domestic rent abatements and a higher provision for credit losses. Given the lack of local, state and federal government support for our industry, we went out of our way to abate rent for thousands of local small businesses, entrepreneurs and restaurateurs and other retailers for the period they were closed. Approximately $145 million from lower sales based rents, short-term leasing and Simon brand venture income solely due to the fact that our properties were closed and approximately $60 million of lower income from our international outlet portfolio, again due to the fact that they were closed as well during the second quarter. So that's $215 million, $145 million and $60 million, these decreases were partially offset by approximately $105 million from our cost reduction initiatives. As a reminder the variances I just explained do not include the negative impact of $36 million from a straight line increase deduction  straight line impact has always been excluded from portfolio NOI. Our operating statistics metrics were as follows, Mall and Premium outlet occupancy at quarter-end was 92.9%, down approximately 110 basis points from the first quarter of 2020, standard bankruptcies and lower specialty leasing during the second quarter due to COVID-19 impacted occupancy approximately 60 basis points. Average base minimum rent was $56.02, up 2.8% year-over-year and our leasing spreads were essentially flat for the trailing 12-month period. Now regarding collections. We have collected from our US retail portfolio including some level of rent deferrals approximately 51% of our contractual build rent for April and May combined, approximately 69% for June and approximately 73% for July with only de minimis deferrals. These percentages are not reduced for any of abatement granted during the period that I previously talked about. Now prior to reopening our properties, we implemented a series of robust safety protocols to ensure the highest possible safety and cleanliness standards. We reopened our US properties starting in early May. And our entire portfolio for July 10 has permitted even with the ever-changing governmental orders that frankly have been in a constant state of flux in 37 states and 150 different counties all with different protocols. On July 15th, the California Governor issued a new restrictive order requiring us to close seven of our properties in the state. So we're all open except for the seven recent closings in California. We've been generally encouraged by the shopper response to our reopening particularly in certain locations where there's been a steady improvement in traffic with many tenants reporting sales better than their initial expectations. Just a little color on that and the centers that reopened in early May, tenants who reported sales, reported May was approximately 50% of their previous year volume for the same period. And in June, that increased to more than 80% of prior-year volumes. Tenants continued to reopen, and we currently had 91% of all tenants, or nearly 23,000 tenants across our US portfolio are open and operating. Of the remaining tenants that have not opened  not reopened, more than half of those are closed because of the remaining restrictive governmental orders limiting or prohibiting their operations. Included in that category would be movie theaters, fitness facilities and, in some instances, restaurants. Internationally, all of our designer and international premium outlets are open and operating. 100% of all those stores and our designer outlets are open and operating with shopper traffic and retail sales at approximately 90% of prior-year levels. And we continue to see steady improvement in traffic and sales at our international premium outlets with all retail stores open and sales across that portfolio nearing last year's levels. With our partner, Siam Piwat, we opened Siam Premium Outlets in Bangkok, our first Premium Outlet Center in Thailand. The center is approximately 90% leased. It's extremely well located and has an unrivalled premium shopping experience featuring leading brands such as Burberry, Balenciaga, Coach, Ferragamo, and many more. We also completed several redevelopments, including phase IV of Gotemba Premium Outlets, which is 100% leased. Gotemba Premium Outlets is the largest outlet center in Asia ex-China, and we project annual retail sales to be in excess of $1 billion. Our net investment focus continues to be on those projects nearing completion, and our share of the remaining net cash funding required to complete the projects currently under construction is approximately $140 million through 2021. We have a track record on capitalizing on various value-creating opportunities. As you know, Sparc Group, our 50/50 joint venture with Authentic Brands Group, submitted stalking horse bids to acquire Brooks Brothers and Lucky Brand jeans under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code. Just a few things, I think is really important to keep in mind on this potential deal. First, Sparc is buying them out of bankruptcy, so it is acquiring the inventory at or below cost, and to the extent we buy the intellectual property, we are doing so at attractive values. Second, when Sparc integrates acquisitions in its platform, it reduces the acquired companies overhead significantly. And third, Sparc is able  because of the bankruptcy code and designation rights, able to reject any leases that do not meet its criteria. And all stores are projected to have a four-wall EBITDA upon assumption of lease. These investments are expected to generate positive EBITDA. Soon after their integration in the Sparc we expect any equity investments should be returned within a year after integration of operations. And as I have mentioned previously, we have created real value already in our investments in Sparc and of course ABG and we continue to look forward to other opportunities. Just a few words on the balance sheet, again active. As you might imagine, at the end of the quarter, our liquidity was approximately $8.5 billion consisting of $4.9 billion of available credit facility, borrowing capacity and $3.6 billion of cash including our share of joint venture cash. As a reminder, the $8.5 billion of liquidity is net of the $700 million of US commercial paper that's outstanding at quarter-end. Subsequent to the quarter-end, we paid down a total of $2 5 billion under our credit facilities. We also completed the optional redemption at par of $500 million in 2.5% notes and 370 million in 2.3% notes. Both of those notes had maturity dates later this year. And I'm also pleased to note that our net debt has not increased by the end of the second quarter through this pandemic period. So, important to note, and our debt covenants remain well above the required levels with significant headroom. As you know, dividend we paid, our second quarter dividend of $1.30 per share in cash on July 24. The board will declare third quarter dividend by September 30, and we expect in total for 2020 to pay at least $6 per share in cash for dividends. Conclusion would be simply, again, I want to thank my colleagues for their continued resolve during this tragic set of events for the entire country. Our results are only possible through the ongoing ingenuity, flexibility and dogged determination of the Simon team. We're proud to play our small part in helping local small businesses, entrepreneurs and communities work their way through this recovery by continuing to help them get back so that they can open their business and move forward. So with that, we're ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. First question we have on the line will be coming from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good evening, everyone. I guess as of August 9 you mentioned 91% of tenants were reopened but then July collection was around 73%. So just wondering if you could go through kind of why that amount isn't closer to 91%. Obviously it's better than the previous few months and how quickly you think you could get to a point where rents being paid is more similar to the amount of stores open?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, July is at 73% and why because certain tenants haven't pay rent. They have contracts they're obligated to but certain tenants haven't paid.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And I just  when you think you about the amount that hasn't yet paid, I know, on the May call you had a good sense of just kind of making that point that those who have leases unless their bankrupt you expect them to be paying. So, I guess could you just go through the status of the portion from Q2 that weren't paid whether it sounds like there are minimal amounts of abatements kind of what portion is still under discussion versus rent deferrals you did give or other categories?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, as you might imagine we're in active negotiations with all of our retailers. We did provide abatement for primarily the local businesses, and entrepreneurs, restauranteurs during the abatement period, so  or I'm sorry, the closure period. And we're finalizing a number of our remaining open issues with our retailers. Again, I mentioned to you that we took a hit of $215 million, which is a combination of abatements and write-offs from bankrupt tenants, et cetera. We're not going to go through the percentages of each category primarily because we're still in active negotiations with tenants regarding April-May, and we don't think  that information, we believe, is proprietary, and it puts us in a awkward position as we finalize our negotiation. We've done over 9,000 amendments. I think we're in very good shape. We're certainly pretty much on -for not being essential, remember, we were deemed, for whatever reason, non-essential retail. So we lost 10,500 shopping days, and we're going through an orderly process. So we've taken the hit that we think is going to show up in Q2, and we're processing the balance but hopefully that will all be behind us here in the near future. We're making very good progress on, as I mentioned in July, being at over 73%. But we still got retailers that we need to deal with, and we're going through the process in an orderly, thoughtful fashion, like we do everything else.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Next question will be coming from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co.: Hey. Good afternoon out there. David, how are you?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Out here is going to be the resurgence of the Midwest is around the corner, my friend, okay? So just remember that. Go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co.: By the way, careful what you look for because all the fleeing New Yorkers will end up moving in next door to you in Carmel. So just be careful what you wish for about the Midwest. So two questions. Just following up on Caitlin's, I understand your hesitation but still, if we look at your accounts receivable, it definitely jumped from first quarter to second quarter meaningfully. So it sounds like you probably had not that much straight line rent write-offs and you think that most of this is money good. So is there a way for one...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: But also remember that's quarter-end. A lot of collections. We made a lot of collections in July applying to Q2. And so just that's a moment in time you got to be very careful about drawing any conclusion. But again  and we're continuing to obviously finish a number of deals. So just don't  you can't go from that point to the other point without knowing this isn't  everyday, it changes.
Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co.: Okay. But still can you just give us some flavor even without the numbers but just like percentages, just some color. You had a bunch of tenants who  people weren't paying. Then people started to pay. Your tenants who asked you for, hey, can we make a deal? Some of those were flat out rejected, some you worked with, some you obviously have brought to court. But can you just give us a flavor like on the shopping center side, they've been pretty detailed as far as the percentages of who've asked, percentage of asked versus who's abated, who deferral and the amounts that they've said no and the amount that are remaining to be negotiated with. So can you at least give some framework around that just to help us understand better?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. I guess, Alex, I have such a different philosophical difference. For me to air my  let's just think hypothetical. Let's say I deferred half a guy's rent and the guy that I didn't defer any rent, and I told you I deferred half his rent, he's going to end up saying why didn't you do this for me when you did it for other people. So I think this is proprietary information. Obviously, all of this flows through our income statement. It's all GAAP. We did tell you we took a bunch of abatements and we did have a negative $36 million straight line rent variance. Again that's not in that $215 million because portfolio NOI as you know we always excluded straight line. But in this case this is the first quarter we've ever had negative straight line as far as I can tell, so it's a pretty big gap. But I don't  I just don't want to kind of go through that beyond what we've told you. I mean, we told you collections. We told you, we did do some level of deferrals, nothing out of the ordinary. The deferrals in July were de minimis. Deferrals in June were less than April and May. So it's all moving in the right direction, and the collections are  we haven't given up on April-May as Q2 collections. We expect to  other than what we abated and wrote off through bankruptcy, we expect to reach a deal on the vast majority of it. And you're right. Some of  we have a one really big receivable out there that is of public record. And obviously that's out there as a big receivable. We think that's going to get collected, but that's a big increase in our accounts receivable. So the deferrals and the abatements were clearly under  not anywhere near the majority of our rental rent roll, and we still have what I'd say about 28% to 30% of our negotiations still to be done.
Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co.: Okay. That's helpful, the 28% still to be done. Okay. And then the...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Still to be done. Yeah.
Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co.: 28% still to be done. Okay. The second question is...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: And that's moving down. I'm looking at some numbers here. We've got 20% in July that's still under negotiation. But at the end of the day, we expect roughly, with abatements and everything else, to collect 85% roughly of Q2 and 93% of July and then hopefully get back to kind of the normal run rate which has been in the 97%, 98% level.
Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co.: Okay The second question is from  your hallmark apart from cash flow is your balance sheet.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yes.
Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co.: And I see that a few of the rating agencies I think have you guys on negative, but you're doing a lot more with ABG. Obviously, there's litigation with Taubman. There was the discussion in the Journal today with Amazon. I'll let someone else ask that question. And then you did continue to pay a dividend, albeit at a reduced level, but still you're paying still with a hefty dividend. How do the rating agencies view all of these transactions? Have they viewed all of these as favorable or they're comfortable or have you had to alter some of your plans based on your desire which I assume is to maintain your current rating?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. We're not concerned about that. I mean, just even with all of the closures, again 10,000 days, we were cash flow positive this quarter. Now, we were obviously aggressive in our  not many folks that I've read have shared their reductions in costs, but we took out $105 million of costs across corporate in the portfolio, but we're cash flow positive. Our ratios are  our covenants are well-covered. And again, I mean, I see the narrative out there. The amount of equity in both the Lucky and Brooks Brothers investments is  I don't want to say de minimis, but it's what would make  what would you think would be a non-event from our standpoint in terms of what we have to invest either directly or in Sparc? What would you say, Alex?
Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co.: In the two, I'm going to guess maybe at $100 million, maybe $100 million to $150 million in aggregate between the two.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. It's going to be half of that.
Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co.: Okay. So $75 million between the two?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No, no, no. I'd say half of the $100 million. Okay.
Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co.: Okay.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: And that's only in a short period of time until we refinance the whole thing. And again  remember when you buy the inventory at cost or below and then you sell it for a gross margin which you're supposed to, we're not buying it at retail. We're buying at cost. So if you have a 35%, 40% gross margin, you're going to make 35%, 40% on your  we're not buying the inventory at a retail cost to the consumer. We're buying it at basically the cost that the retailer has and then we sell it. So there's profit in there. That's why people  that's why you see ABL financed left and right because they're buying at a cost and there is a gross margin in there. So that's where the market doesn't really get it but those two investments either directly or through capital contribution to Sparc will be $150 million from us.
Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co.: Okay.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: There's just no way and let me repeat, no way that the rating agencies are going to think twice about it, no way.
Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co.: Right. But JCPenney would be different.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, again, I'm not going to respond to market rumors or speculation. But what's out there in the public is that Penney is likely, if they are to restructure to do an Opco/Propco and the amount of equity required to do the operating company is going to be a lot less than you would think. So, again, it's not overly complicated but there are facts that just aren't out there that if we thought, first of all Lucky and Brooks Brothers to the extent that we get this  and by the way, the one thing we should talk about is the fact that we're saving in the case of Brooks Brothers 4,000 jobs, okay? I mean, that's what we should talk about. I mean, we're doing our fair share for trying to keep this world as normal as we can. But going back, I mean, if Brooks Brothers or Lucky or even Sparc or even ABG were material to our financial situation then we would disclose it but it's not material. It's a sideline business and I do see the narrative that and I don't buy into this, and, Alex, you and I have had this discussion  that we're buying into these retailers to pay us rent. We're doing it because we, for one reason only, we believe in the brand, and we think we can make money. If we didn't believe in the brand and we didn't think we could make money, we wouldn't do it. And if  those same people are probably the same people that told Amazon to stay just in the book business, okay? So, let's just think a little bit  there's just nothing out there that says you can't make smart investments outside of your core businesses which is what we do all the time. And, look, Kimco did it with Albertsons. They did a pretty damn good job, and kudos to them.
Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler & Co.: Thank you, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Next question will be coming from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, David. Good afternoon. Hey, I wanted to maybe just chat with you about the return to normal from a cash flow standpoint, obviously something you focus on a lot. And in many respects, this environment is different from the GFC given the headwinds facing retail real estate before thinking about the implications of COVID-19. But I'm sure there's some lessons learned from the GFC as well, and you were obviously very successful in navigating the GFC. So I think what a lot of us are trying to understand is what does that return to normal look like? And you mentioned, when speaking to Alex, rent collections in the high 90s relatively soon. But like when does cash flow, from the way you look at it, return to where it was last year? How long does it take to get there?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's a fair question and a good question. But I don't have an answer. Look, I do think without question, the pandemic has obviously had a dramatic impact much greater  and I've experienced a lot of volatility in my career. The Great Recession frankly doesn't  it pales in comparison to what we're dealing with. Obviously, the amount of bankruptcies in our sector is tremendous and it's more reminiscent to me of what we're dealing with, of what we dealt with in the early 1090s than the Great Recession. And frankly the early 1990s took some time. I mean, it was  and again, if I say something you're going to think I'm saying something but I'm just using that as an example. I mean in the early 1990s, the real estate recession there took frankly two, three, four years to overcome. And again, I'm not making that prediction here, but I don't think it's going to be an immediate snapback. That doesn't mean our company can do great work. The important player in getting the country back, help the local communities and all that stuff. But it's going to take time. There's no doubt about it. And this is different. This is not your grandmother's recession. I mean, when you have GDP drop 30%, whatever it was, 34%, I mean, that's not normal. We're doing a lot more bankruptcies and this is going to have more of a duration  durational impact than what we've experienced probably since the early 1990s. Now, the reality is in the early1990s, for those that survived, we're able to prosper after that period of time lapsed. But when you  in order to really answer that question, it's  you've got to have a medical  you've got to tie it to a medical and I am nowhere in a position to respond to that. I mean, you got to have a country moving more or less together and obviously, that's not happening. So I wish I could pinpoint it, but we're not  we're anticipating more of a durational impact here and our planning has been very conservative. And that's why we cut our CapEx, that's why we cut our overhead, that's why we're working with our local entrepreneurs in abating rent because, frankly, if we force the issue, they wouldn't open the doors again and that's why we're trying to be  if our retailers are willing to work with us, we're willing to work with them. If they're not and we continue to try to work with them and they're still not working with us then that's when we have to look at  unfortunately look at other options. So I wish I could pinpoint it. It's a fair question. I think we'll have a better  I think as every month and quarter goes on, I'll have a better impact certainly would be our view by the end of this year to like lay out what we see in 2021. I think we're getting closer to that. I have in my own mind what it will be but I'm not willing to share it with you not because I don't like you. I do. I'm just not willing to share it.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's all fair. I would hope for more but I completely understand that, David. I do want to have one follow-up question if I may. And you alluded to this. Look, I think there's a lot of media headlines that retail real estate is dying and malls are dying, I pushed back on that for a variety of reasons. I think we have too much retail real estate in the United States. So, on the other side of this once retail real estate rationalizes, I would agree with you that we're going to be stronger. So, I guess I would ask you, how much do you think has to rationalize given what you know about COVID-19? Is it 10%, 20%, 40%? I think in the past, you've talked about a 20% to 30% number like go back many years. How do you think about that because I could see the industry post rationalization being a lot stronger footing than it is this today?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, there's no question there's going to be material rationalization across the whole spectrum. And that's all the product categories within our retail sector. So, it will be malls, strip centers, certain outlets, power centers, lifestyle centers. Look, it's hard to  again, it's hard to put a handle on it. I think the bigger thing will not be so much whether it's 20% or 30%, but just it's going to happen like now. It's not  a lot of the time when you had a product that was limping along, it could limp for a while. That half-life has shortened over the last five, six, seven years. Now, it's like immediately shortened. So, you're going to see rationalization, without question, and it's going to happen quicker. But again, I'd be reluctant to give you a real number to hang your hat on. But your number that you mentioned certainly sounds within the realm of possibilities.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. Thank you, David. That's it for me.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure. Yeah. No worries.
Operator: Next question will be coming from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Hello out there.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: How are you?
Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Hey, David. So, I'm going to ask the question that Alex left off of his laundry list of questions earlier about Amazon. So, I'm curious, and I know a lot of investors are as well, on your thoughts on the idea of Amazon potentially taking up space at malls and former anchor boxes. Do you think it would work from a practical sense? Would it add any value to or benefit to the centers' shoppers or the retailers, and could it even potentially  does it even work from an economic perspective?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I'm really not in any position to respond to market rumors or speculation. So, that's really with respect to that. I mean, generally, I'd say, the important thing going on that we're seeing is that more and more retailers are distributing their e-commerce orders from their stores. And so, they're fulfilling from their stores and they're also  the curbside pickup or all sorts of fulfillment options are available. That's a good trend long-term for us. But beyond that, I don't want to get into logistics or any kind of speculation really around JCPenney and/or Amazon, and we should leave it at there.
Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Fair enough. Thank you for that. My second question is really a question on the spreads turning flat here in the quarter implying there's a meaningful decline in second quarter. Curious how we should think about the leases signed during the quarter. Any big deals of note there having a disproportional impact? Were these leases generally signed pre- or post-COVID? And how should we think about the near-term trajectory of spread near-term, if it's roughly what we saw in 2Q? Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, it's a good question. Obviously, Q2, we did not do a lot of new business. Okay. So, we were in mostly triage levels. I mean, I hope everybody appreciates what we had to deal from a  this pales in comparison. I'm not putting our slice of the world anywhere near the health and welfare of people and the hospitals and all that, but we were dealing with a very difficult environment. We had to close pretty quickly. We reopened. We had all sorts of different rules across all sorts of different counties. We tried to manage that process the best of our abilities. We've got very little, if any, help on either real estate tax, sales tax, we had a lot of guidelines. We had then reinforced our buildings when we had the tragic consequences of the problems at the end of May, which cost us several million dollars, which kind of ended up in our numbers as well in fortifying our stuff. We had to work remotely, and then we had to help a lot of our local tenants in our  and lot of the local restauranteurs and so on. So, we've been drinking from the fire hose trying to. All of these things are unbelievable, every day is a judgment call. What do you do? Do you do this? Do you do that? You're not going to get perfect. You're not going to have  you're going to offend somebody, somewhere, sometime, and you just try to be level-headed and do it. So, with all that said, we went after trying to stabilize our tenant base the best that we could. We tried to reach out. We made a corporate decision to abate all local tenants as much  again, I'm sure there was a mistake somewhere, somehow. But we tried to do that immediately because we knew they were under a lot more pressure than we were. And the new business just wasn't there for Q2. What I'm told by our new business group is that people are starting to think about new business. Most of that's going to  if it does surface, most of them will be in 2021. I do think we'll see the benefit of a number of popups in our portfolio, both primarily in the outlet business from a number of great brands because they're sitting on excess merchandise. We think that's a great opportunity. Hopefully, they'll do great business and they will stay longer. And so, I think this spreads this year is going to be whacky enough to like, discount them. And because I don't think we're going to do as much new business, obviously renewals are going to be  we didn't finish all of our 2020 renewals, so that's going to be another judgment call about what the right level of rent is. That's going to be a retailer by retail decision. That's going to be whether they  US is a good partner or not. There will be a number of cases where we'll work out something acceptable to both parties. There will be some that we won't. We hope that will be in the minority. And frankly, we're  I'm not going to spend much time worrying about spreads this year. I just think we're just focused on getting our retailers open, getting traffic back, creating a safe environment for the communities to shop, feel comfortable again, and that kind of math, I'll worry about next year.
Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Thank you for the thoughts. Good luck out there.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Next question will be coming from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I was curious how much of the second quarter cost reductions should we see continue in the second half?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's hard to say. I mean, corporately, I must admit I have not had a mutiny yet, but at some point, it's around the corner. Okay. So, the executives here are still at reduced salaries and reduced comp. That's a tough one for me. I think about it a lot. So, I don't have an answer for that. So, there will be some of that obviously on the operating expenses, not as much because the standards of which  not that we  I mean, I hope everyone appreciates that we've always run our properties  again, we're not perfect. I'm sure there's mistakes, potholes here and there. But we have a new standard that we have to produce that's going to be more expensive. So, from a property level, we probably won't see a lot of benefit in forward  it would be great if we got some help. If you look at our P&L, the one area we did not get any help and it's retail real estate tax. So, I would hope that these local municipalities would look favorably on what we deliver to the community, what the ad valorem taxes are for retail real estate compared to other forms of real estate, and give us a break. We deserve it. We're not treated fairly, and we need it. So, I don't think we'll get it, but that's where we should get it.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. And just as a follow-up, what percentage of ABR is tied to entertainment, dining, and fitness?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: That's a good question. I don't know. Anybody know off the top of my head? No. I don't know  you mean in general, just in...
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, in general.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I'm going to say probably 5%, but Tom will give you the exact number.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Next question will be coming from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Your line is open.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: The dog needs to be walked or fed.
Ki Bin Kim - Truist Securities: So, I wanted to go back to the kind of high-level rent collection data that you provided. So, it looks like you collected about 57% of rents in 2Q. Without going category by category, just high level, what percent of the rent that did you not collect, did you actually write off or reserve for?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, again, I don't want to get too much, but it's in the  I mean, we're probably in the 15% to 20% range, somewhere in that range, okay?
Ki Bin Kim - Truist Securities: Okay.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Again, I don't want to get too much on this because all of this will eventually come out, and you have to make  as you know, we have the new rules and all of this will be out with the wash by year end, but that's kind of where we think. We took a pretty big hit this quarter as you know, I mean, we had roughly $215 million between abatements and write-offs. So, on the portfolio-wide kind of gives you the number for the quarter.
Ki Bin Kim - Truist Securities: And do you have any data on like what percent of your tenants do you deem as local tenants? And if you're thinking about actually providing loans for these tenants besides those abatements or deferrals?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We don't really give out the local number and we don't provide any real loans. If they are, its maybe  historically, we might get notes with a local tenant if they've had a problem with their business. But it's not something that we do upfront and maybe a note because rent has been paid over time, but we don't loan  we rarely loan tenants' money to the point of kind of a non-event for us.
Ki Bin Kim - Truist Securities: And would that be the same for restaurants too?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Correct.
Ki Bin Kim - Truist Securities: I'm assuming that if restaurants go dark it might be hard to bring it (00:55:11) back.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I mean, we'll do tenant allowance for retailers and restaurants, but we won't loan money. And again, we're pretty good on credit, making sure that if we are providing some form of the build-out, one that the retailers providing the bulk of that and that they have credit stand behind it.
Ki Bin Kim - Truist Securities: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Next question will be coming from the line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Linda Tsai - Jefferies LLC: Hi. In terms of buying out the bankrupt retailers, you talked through some hypothetical numbers, buying at or below cost generating gross margins of 35% to 40%. I would think there's a lot of opportunities that exist. How do you go about picking and choosing?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Great question. And it's not like we want a huge portfolio of this. But listen, ABG, Authentic Brands Group, is a fantastic intellectual property group, does business throughout the world and has a ton of brands. So, normally  and they provide a lot of value on sourcing, marketing, international operations, et cetera. So, normally, when we're doing that, we work with them. They're very, very good about understanding where there is value in the brand because they know how they can monetize that intellectual property. Obviously, we have a point of view because we know what the consumer likes. So, you put the two of us together in a room and that's how we do it. So, we rarely play. I mean, there have been unfortunately a lot of bankruptcies this year. It's not like we're playing in a lot of them. And the other thing I'd point out, Linda, is that we get rumors we're playing, and we are not playing and again because we don't want to talk about market rumors and speculation. We don't deny rumors as well, but we're very selective in what we look at. And again, the brands got to have value. We got to believe we can  without trying to hit an inside straight, we better believe we can make it EBITDA positive pretty easily. We're not into miracle worker here. We want to be able to do it like what we've done in the past.
Linda Tsai - Jefferies LLC: Thanks for that. And then could you discuss how COVID impacts varied across your different property types. Maybe say the Mills, Premium Outlets, enclosed malls as it relates to rent collections and then traffic upon reopening.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I would say generally and again it depends on location. But I think it's undeniable at this point that it's a little bit location oriented. And a lot of that is kind of where we see stability maybe in that market and lack of a rise in COVID cases. In addition to that, I mean I do think the consumer generally feels a little more comfortable in the outdoor environment. But I would also really underline that a lot of it is just tied to where these cases ebb and flow. And that right now is a big determinant.
Linda Tsai - Jefferies LLC: Did rent collections vary at all across property types?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: They have  but since we deal with these retailers basically across the board, it's not like they can pay us in this center or not pay us in that center because one's enclosed and one is open. And when we're talking to them, we're talking to them across the portfolio. So, you may see different trends if you only have this kind of product versus that kind of product. But since we're dealing with these retailers across our portfolio, for us, it hasn't  there's no differential. For others, it might be a different case.
Linda Tsai - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Just one last one. In terms of the $215 million in abatements and write-offs, how would you expect that number to trend in 3Q and 4Q?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: My guess, it'll  again, it's a little bit unpredictable. But there'll be some  I'm sure we'll deal with some more in August, September. We do have, as I mentioned, properties closed again. I hope, for all sorts of reasons, primarily because COVID is not rising, that would be great for all of us. But we still  there's still a risk that we might  because we're in this weird dilemma that we're not considered essential, we run the risk. So, it's hard to predict. I can't make a prediction on that. I was feeling pretty good in June about finally getting back to work, and I feel less good in July, and now I'm totally confused. But I am sure we are still going to deal with issues going forward. And so, there'll be  I'm sure there'll be some level abatements and some collection issues as we move forward for the rest of the year.
Linda Tsai - Jefferies LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Next question will be coming from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Nicholas Yulico - Scotiabank: Thank you. I'm just trying to reconcile a couple of numbers here. I know you gave the collection data, which is inclusive of deferrals for April, May, June. They ran between 50% of contractual rent to 70%. And in those months yet, if we look at your cash flow statement in the 10-Q, it's showing that your quarterly cash flow from operations were down over 90% if you just try and figure out what the quarter number is, not the six-month number. So, I mean that would presumably mean a pretty low cash collections number. I know you guys haven't given the cash collection number, but is there anything more you can explain on this issue as we're looking at these items?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. I think frankly, Nick, you're maybe having a hard time with our income statement, we're happy to talk to you offline. But again, we had a lot of deals were done at the end of the quarter and processed in early July. So, we had a lot of collections in July all the way through July. The numbers are the numbers. So, if there's a particular number  we do have some retailers that haven't paid period and we're still under negotiation with a good chunk of our retailers to find out kind of where that stands. So, we haven't pressed the bruise (01:04:22) on everyone at this point. We certainly have the option to do so. We can't find a satisfactory deal. And so, I'm not sure what you're referring to, but we're happy to walk through it with you in more detail.
Nicholas Yulico - Scotiabank: Yeah. No, I was specifically looking at the cash flow statement, not the income statement, which you're showing your cash flow down a lot from a cash from operations standpoint in the second quarter versus a year ago. And so, that's  I guess, what...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I mean, we did have abatement. Okay. And we did have a reduction in our  I mean I don't know if you were here earlier, but I laid out how we went from property NOI to kind of where we were. We did lose roughly $460 million less our savings. So, I'm sure no one on this call wants me to repeat that, but it's available there for you on the transcript.
Nicholas Yulico - Scotiabank: Okay. Yeah. I can follow up offline.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. There's no denying we have reduction in our cash flow from operations. We went through that earlier.
Nicholas Yulico - Scotiabank: I guess what I'm trying to understand is what exactly we should be  what's the takeaway from the fact that you're saying that your collections are improving in July versus the second quarter? Is that a function of  just to be clear, does it mean your cash collections are improving? Or are you just now have more deferral agreement?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Nick, unfortunately, I've said a lot of this. So, I don't think you've  maybe you weren't on the early part. Yes, I said our cash collections  it was clear in the teleconference text that our cash collections in July improved to 73% with de minimis level of deferrals. I said that earlier. Okay?
Operator: Next question will be coming from the line of Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Derek Johnston - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, David. Hi, everyone. Thank you. What was your process in determining the level of abatements granted? And to us, what is seemingly a kind shared pain approach, could you take us through the decision process in granting abatements?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Only if you have time for me to talk about 9,000 lease amendments, okay? So, Derek, a lot goes into that. I mentioned earlier, it's a lot of judgment calls. It's all about the relationship. We went out of our way universally. Again, now, I'm sure there'll be some local retailer or restaurateur where something got lost in translation with our field. But we went out of our way universally to abate all local entrepreneurs and businesses, and I'm sure there'll be somebody that said, hey, I didn't get it, but that was the message from top. And then, there were other retailers and it was all a function of understanding their credit, understanding whether there were some potential trades. Every situation was different. Again, that's why we don't like to get into the granularity of every deal because I certainly don't want one retailer say, I didn't get that, why did you do that versus this. But it's years  it's been in business almost 60 years. And me personally, have been doing this for 30 years that ends up saying grace over what's the right way to proceed is with a retailer. And again, let me reinforce, I'm sure we made mistakes, I'm sure we didn't handle everything right, but we did the best that we could with the set of circumstances that we were dealing with.
Derek Johnston - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, I appreciate that. Thanks. And what does the return to development plan at Phipps Plaza? Could you guys quantify the likely timeline or what you need to see happen in order to resume instruction, and really how far is completion kind of pushed off at this point?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah, that's a good question. So, on Phipps, we are getting very close to resuming and finishing the hotel. We have the building called the anchor building, which we're currently evaluating what our options there are. And then we also have a office building that was part of that that we could sit on that for a while. We're seeing  the good news about that is we're really never going to start that till next year anyway. So we're going to  we have the chance to kind of give it a few months to see. But I'm expecting the hotel to resume construction here in the near future and ultimately the anchor building probably within the next two to three months. And then the office building will be market-dependent, and we'll probably not know that until early next year, the timing, that is.
Derek Johnston - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Next question will be coming from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John P. Kim - BMO Capital Markets Corp.: Thank you. Good afternoon. David you provided the monthly trajectory of both rent collections and deferrals which have been improving sequentially. I was wondering if you could provide the same details about how rent abatements have been trending over the past few months?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. I would say way down and the fact is since we're not closed, the rent abatement was around the period of time we were closed. So now that essentially other than the California situation we're not closed. There might be an abatement here or there, but it's generally I would hope well past this.
John P. Kim - BMO Capital Markets Corp.: Okay. So this is not a case where the collections were favorably reported because of the abatements going up as well?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. Now, I said that in my text and I think that's very important to reinforce. So, our collections that I quoted you were based on our rent roll that we sent out  that we built. So we took abatements that percent would be dramatically increased, okay? We gave you the rent roll period end of story pre-abatement. So if you took the abatement our collections would  as a percent would be much higher but we chose not to do it on that basis.
John P. Kim - BMO Capital Markets Corp.: Okay. Thanks for the clarity.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Next question will be coming from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisors. Your line is open.
Vince Tibone - Green Street Advisors: Hi, good afternoon. Could you share how...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Hi. How are you doing?
Vince Tibone - Green Street Advisors: Good. Could you share how shopper traffic and tenant sales at your domestic centers was in July compared to the prior year?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We don't get July until basically August 20. So we don't get that near until the end of the month.
Vince Tibone - Green Street Advisors: Is there any color you could provide on maybe just near-term since reopening? Like is tenant  is foot traffic down 50%? Is it down 20%? Any ballpark figure you could provide us where the traffic is domestically?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's all over the board. And again, I said earlier, Vince, that when we first opened it actually we were  traffic was down but conversion was high. And as cases rise, frankly the consumers being cautious and traffic is down. I mean overall traffic is down, but it's so location driven and geographic driven that I hate to give you a national average. It really is a function of when we open and whether or not COVID resurfaced in those markets.
Vince Tibone - Green Street Advisors: Fair enough. And then just is there more color you can provide on the geographic differences like which regions are performing much closer to normal and where is it still a lot slower?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I think when we first opened  look, I think the hardest hit areas continue are in the tourism areas. That is  and as you know that's important to our industry in totality. That's been and continues to be the worst performing. Frankly, the locations in early when we got opened, the consumer was excited to get out of their house. We saw basically the Sunbelt, Southwest, West was not too bad outside of the tourist areas. COVID obviously increased in those areas and that had a slowdown for sure. Northeast was late to open. I mean, frankly, we just opened the Northeast basically the end of June and, in some cases, New York in July. So it's  we really don't have a lot to tell you on that. But traffic's been slowly building ex the tourist areas.
Vince Tibone - Green Street Advisors: I appreciate that color. One more quick one for me. What percentage of your contractual rent is current [technical difficulty] (01:15:48) second quarter occupancy?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I'm sorry. You broke up there.
Vince Tibone - Green Street Advisors: Oh, I'm sorry. I asked what percentage of your contractual rent is currently in bankruptcy, included in second quarter occupancy?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Around 4%-ish that's in bankruptcy that flew through the second quarter.
Vince Tibone - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Next question will be coming from the line of Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Your line is open.
Floris van Dijkum - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. David, clearly, the retail industry is facing some headwinds right now, and you've seen the non-essential retail center being mandated shut. As you look forward, does this change your thinking on how your malls are going to look? And also how your outlets are going to look? And in particular, obviously in Europe and in Asia, what you see in a lot of the malls more than in the US is grocer anchors. Do you envision more grocers at Simon malls in three years' time? And maybe also comment on your view particularly regarding the outlets and maybe reducing the prevalence of apparel and maybe adding other things to your outlet properties.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, look, I'm a big believer in the outlets, and if Europe is any indication, the outlets across Europe and in Asia are basically almost back to where they were. And so I think the big issue on generally the outlets is just, we don't have COVID yet stabilized. Obviously, we've got some retailer bankruptcies and whatnot that we're going to have to deal with that they affect all of retail real estate and affect the outlets as well. But I don't think there's anything dramatically broken with the outlet business. I think it's just a function of getting people back to where they feel comfortable of getting out of their houses and shopping, and they really like the outlet product. So I'm not overly worried about it. Obviously, outlets that are in tourism areas are going to be harder hit or just whether it's domestic or international tourism just because lack of general mobility. I'm hopeful that, yes, that may take some time but eventually we will get past that. The duration of that could be some time, could be a year or two but we'll be past that. Listen  and then the -there will be a continual change with the mall product. I mean we do think that's going to present some opportunities. We probably have too many department stores per big mall. But generally, the real estate is really good and we're going to densify it. I think the idea that what we had was working on over time will be  will continue. I mean, we may have to get through this rough patch that the industry is going through. But this is good real estate that can be redeveloped. Our basis is very, very low. Our basis in the department stores whether through leases or  is very low. So I think there will be a number of opportunities for us to redevelop that real estate. So I do think earlier question was do we have too many malls? Sure. But they'll be  the malls that ultimately survive will benefit from that contraction. And, look, who knows? I mean, there's all sorts of ideas floating around about what the mall can do and how it can service the community. And we continue to work on a lot of those things. So I think great real estate will always weigh out, and I just think we've got to continue to evolve the product, which we were making very good progress on and will continue to do so.
Floris van Dijkum - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: And would that potentially include enhanced or increased grocery exposure in malls, in your view?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I'm hopeful. I hope so. I mean, their real estate requirements are  obviously, you have a lot of constraints to them. So  but, yes, I am hopeful that we can certainly do more business with that category.
Floris van Dijkum - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Great. And if I can have a follow-up question maybe regarding your investment in retailers, and clearly it's  some people seem to be somewhat concerned about going outside the  or off the fairway, if you will, in some of your investments, whether it's Brooks Brothers, Lucky Brand, or Forever 21, and obviously the big one potentially, JCPenney. Presumably, the return expectation for you to do something outside of your core business has got to be higher. What gets you  what deals get you most excited, and where do you think you're going to make the highest returns, if you can share some of that with us?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, again, on  we're not going to comment on market rumors, public rumors, et cetera. We did mention Brooks and Lucky because those are out there in the public through the bankruptcy process. I'd say the very simple thing is, I want to see in retail  there is more volatility in retail for sure. So the pay back is got to be immediate. We're hopeful to buy these things at least on the equity, I mean in some cases 1 to 2 times EBITDA, get our investment back immediately. And it's got to be really cheap. And we're not buying these retailers, both Aero and Forever 21. And if we were awarded the stalking horse in Brooks Brothers but we'll see if we win. We'll see what happens. Lucky is in the same spot. We're buying these in bankruptcy. So I think that we're not buying these at retail. Retailer today would trade at, who knows, but trade at 5, maybe 5 or 6 times EBITDA, I don't know. I mean it's all over the place. But we're buying these things that basically if we have to put equity in, if we have to, we're going to get our investment back in year one. So then everything else is on  and then if you have a great brand, listen, we could end up taking Sparc and selling it through a spec (01:24:30) for $4 billion and then you'll say, hey, what a good idea, just give us time to prove our thesis right. Or at the end of the day, if we screw up, we will have the loss, a de minimis amount of money given our market cap.
Floris van Dijkum - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Thanks, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. No worries.
Operator: Next question will be coming from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks and good evening, David. And hopefully, someone has brought you a glass of water after 90 minutes. So I appreciate you sticking around. The first question was around corporate structure. A number of years ago, and we sort of had this conversation off and on over many years, about REIT versus de-REIT. And I don't know if you saw, one of the present REITs decided to de-REIT. But just given the evolution of your business and where the puck is going, becoming a little bit more vertically integrated, how do you think about being a REIT versus not being a REIT and obviously the dividend that comes with that?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, no real change. I mean, we study that at least once a year. What's the likely prospect of corporate income taxes going up is probably pretty high. So obviously, we are committed to paying a very meaningful dividend. Our yield is scrumptious. So we study it. No real intention. There are certain limitations because of the REIT structure in  all new retailers even though we own through joint ventures that we're working with the legislators that's hopefully they'll see the benefit of it. I mean, we are literally saving jobs. We save a gazillion  not a gazillion, I mean that's silly, but we save a ton of jobs at Forever 21, a ton of jobs at Aero. We're going to save a bunch of jobs at Lucky and Brooks. And the reality is the legislators, there are these restrictions on bad income which we are big enough that doesn't really restrict us, at some point it could give us a headache. We're hopeful that the government is focused on jobs. We know that regardless of the side of the aisle you're on and we're hopeful that common sense will prevail. This rule is from the 1960 REIT legislation. It's irrelevant today. It's good for the economy if we're in a position with our partners to save jobs. I'm hopeful common sense will prevail.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: But you don't feel that given the liquidity and just you've managed your balance sheet exceptionally well going into this, and you have a ton of liquidity. But having that dividend obligation and not having complete clarity of how deep you can go in the vertical integration, it doesn't sound like that's altered your thinking of REIT versus not REIT.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Not at this time.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's a very good question. We think about it, like I said, once a year. But I do think, Michael  I mean, look, who knows? But the corporate tax rates could go back up and obviously makes that equation. Even in today's world, we're still profitable. We still have  even with all the abatements and all of the problems we're dealing with, we're going to have taxable income. So, I mean we'd be a tax-paying entity. And, we are hopeful that even though we're completely out of favor as an investment fit and it is what it is that obviously there is some attraction to our dividend-paying abilities.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And you talked about jobs and saving jobs in terms of the investments you're making in the retailers. Why hasn't there been widespread government support at the federal level, at the state level, at the local level for the retail industry as a whole? Where is it breaking down? Is it the animosity between the landlords and the tenants who just can't get together? Is it the leadership of the government in relations that at the retail industry? I was like, why  like what's going on? Like why hasn't it been done for an industry that's so critical to so many jobs in this country?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, just to be clear, we are not looking for federal government help. Our biggest frustration is how we get taxed, real estate tax, ad valorem tax. Our biggest frustration historically, as you know, was the moratorium, on the Internet sales taxation. Thankfully, the Supreme Court overruled the Quale (01:30:40) decision. I forget  it's been so long though, I forgot the name. But thankfully, we could never get legislators to treat commerce fairly, whether it's brick-and-mortar Internet without  as you know, unless  wherever they had (01:31:02). So now that, that is more or less  and they left it to the states which I'm fine with. Pretty much everything is taxed on an equal playing field. But my biggest frustration is we are the golden goose when it comes to real estate tax payments compared to other real estate properties. Whether you look at how we're assessed per value versus warehouse, industrial. That needs to be addressed, but that's a local game. I mean, there's nothing nationally that's going to be done. Obviously, there's been a lot of jurisdictions in the COVID scenario that has treated enclosed malls a lot differently than enclosed retail even when they open. Forget essential  by the way, I get essential. I had no problem with essential, and both the federal and the state governments had to do what they had to do. But when they opened back up, a number of states dealt with the enclosed mall a lot differently than other retailers, and we were cleaner, had better protocols. We had better air and all those other stuff. But that was a high level of frustration, continues to be the case as we see what's going on in California. So trying to restructure the CMBS and that, we're not expecting that. Let the documents be the documents. I've got no problem with that. But it would be nice that we just got a little bit of the benefit on the real estate tax. And treating retailer  there's not a lot of difference, frankly, between a Costco store and a Simon mall when it comes to protocols and cleanliness and air quality, and by and large, man, let us compete.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We suffered two months, 10,500 days where we could not compete, and that's what  that's just not fair. So I don't want anything other than the ability to compete.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Last question, if I may, just your reference to the early 1990s made me think to  we took a lot of those companies public, right? It was Chapter 11 or S-11 for the REIT industry. And you think about where other retail landlords are today relative to your position where they don't have the balance sheet, they don't have the capital, they don't have as much institutional knowledge, they don't have the operating history and know-how that you have. I guess, they're reacting, does that competitive pressure on you because they're just trying to survive where so many others within this vertical are so much more balance sheet challenged and have weaker assets that they may be doing uneconomical transactions. Does that roll over to you or impede any of your negotiations with tenants?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I don't worry about that one iota. We do  I'm sure we're going to make mistakes but we have to look at it from our standpoint and a lot less what others are doing. I don't think about it at all.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for the time, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you, Michael.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. I'm sorry. We are warbled on there but thanks for your calls and be safe, everyone.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you everyone for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-12 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Simon Property Group Incorporated First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Tom Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Thomas Ward: Thank you, Joelle. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Also, on the call are Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of todays date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For those who like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you to please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so you might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. For our prepared remarks, Im pleased to introduce David Simon.
David E. Simon: Good evening, and thank you for joining us today. I wish everyone listening today the best in these challenging times. Before I turn over to our first quarter results, I want to express my sincere gratitude to the entire Simon team for the work they have done and continue to do since the COVID-19 crisis began. The team has adapted to a constantly changing environment. We made difficult decisions and successfully transitioned to a remote work environment in our corporate and regional offices. We implemented new protocols to adapt how we operate our properties for the safety of our shoppers, employees and tenants. And Im frankly very proud of the entire team, Simon team. Now turning to our first quarter results, they were largely in line with our expectations. Reported FFO, funds from operation, was $980.6 million or $2.78 per share. As a reminder, the prior year period included $0.24 per diluted share from insurance settlement proceeds and a gain on a sale of our interest in a multi-family residential property. In the current period, the operations of our investment in retailers were negatively impacted by approximately $0.06 per share pre-tax due to store closures as a result of the COVID-19 government shutdown. Adjusting the current period for the COVID-19 impact, our investment in retailers and the prior year period for the insurance proceeds and the residential asset sale gain that I mentioned above, comparable funds from operation for the current year period is $2.83 compared to last year of $2.80. Comp NOI was flat in the quarter and portfolio NOI decreased 20 basis points year-over-year. Occupancy for our premium and mall portfolio at quarter end was 94% average base minimum rent was $55.76. And our mall and outlet portfolio recorded leasing spreads of $2.80 per square foot or an increase of 4.6%. Reported retailer sales per square foot for our malls and outlets were $703 for the trailing 12 months ended February 29 compared to $660 in the prior-year period, an increase of 6.5%. When you include March, even though we were shut down since March 18, reported retailer sales still increased 2.1%. Our portfolio was performing well. We saw solid trends in shopper traffic, tenant demand, retail sales and our results including our retail investments until the COVID-19 stay-at-home recommendations and orders began to be issued in the middle of March. Now lets talk about some of the actions weve taken. We were the first large retail owner and operator to close our property system-wide to address the spread of the pandemic. Were the first to reopen our properties, of course subject to government stay-at-home orders and restrictions. We took immediate and decisive actions to aggressively reduce our operating costs and increase our financial resources, including but not limited to some of the following: suspended or eliminated more than $1 billion of capital for redevelopment and new development projects in the US and internationally. Our current investment focus is on projects nearing completion. We will re-evaluate all suspended projects over time. Importantly, our share of remaining net cash funding required to complete the new development and redevelopment projects under construction is approximately $160 million. We significantly reduced property operating expenses and all non-essential corporate spending. We also made some very, very difficult decisions regarding our employees, including a reduction in force and furloughed a certain of our field and corporate personnel due to closures of our properties as a result of government stay-at-home orders. We implemented a freeze on all hiring efforts. We lowered base salaries across the senior executive team and implemented a shared salary reduction plan for higher compensated employees and deferred certain executive bonuses. Our board also played their part by agreeing to temporarily reducing their cash retainer fees. And we drew down $3.75 billion under our revolving credit facility, which increased our cash position including our share of joint venture cash to over $4 billion at the end of March. Now some positive news on reopening, the health and safety of our communities of course will always be our highest priority. Last week, we started reopening our properties in markets where local and state closures orders have been lifted and where retail restrictions have been eased. As part of the ongoing reopening process, we published our comprehensive COVID-19 Exposure Control Policy that was developed in connection with the leading experts in the field of Epidemiology and Environmental Health and Safety experts in order to ensure the highest possible safety standards at our properties. You can see these on online, but let me just name a few. Our safety protocols include pre-emptive employee health screening, employee safety protections, promotion and enforcement of social distancing practices, enhanced sanitizing and disinfecting and of course shopper safeguards. These protocols meet or exceed the guidelines published by the CDC and are more robust and many of the measures deployed by essential businesses and online fulfillment centers that have remained opened during this pandemic. We implemented the temporary closures of our centers to protect our shoppers and the communities in which we serve from the spread of the coronavirus. We are now leading the effort for these local economies to get back to business while delivering a new elevated standard of safety for all. Now, we have opened, as of today, 77 of our properties and are planning to have approximately half of our US portfolio opened within the next week. We are, of course, working in conjunction with state and local governments on our reopening plans. Shopper response to our re-openings has been positive. And sales of many tenants have been better than their initial expectations. Additionally, we have opened 12 of our designer and international premium outlets. Now, let me turn to our tenant update. Of course, were in the midst of discussions with our tenants regarding their individual situation. And as such, it is not appropriate to comment on specific details or terms at this point due to the confidential nature of those discussions. Each situation is analyzed individually based upon our tenants market position, their financial status and the history and depth of our relationship. I am sure you can respect this. These discussions are ongoing. And as we complete them, we are more than prepared to share the appropriate information. Our tenants are eager to reopen their stores and we are working with them to do so. We are also very focused on helping local entrepreneurs reopen and are also supporting our restaurant operators both nationally and locally. Now, let me turn to the balance sheet. We have always maintained a strong balance sheet in order to capitalize on opportunities, but also to withstand economic downturns. On March 16, two days before we shut down our portfolio, we amended and extended our $4 billion credit facility with a $6 billion facility that includes a $2 billion delayed draw term loan. At quarter end, our total liquidity was $8.7 billion consisting of $4.6 billion of available credit facility, borrowing capacity and the $4.1 billion of cash mentioned earlier. As a reminder, the $8.7 billion is net of $1 billion of US and Euro commercial paper that was outstanding at quarter end. Commercial paper market is open and continues to find stability. Investment demand for our paper has increased allowing us to successfully issue over $375 million during the last couple weeks. We currently have approximately $500 million outstanding between our US and Euro CP programs. For the remainder of the year, we have $900 million of unsecured notes maturing and a limited number of maturing non-recourse secured loans to single purpose entity borrowers. Our debt covenants remain well above, well above the required levels with significant headroom. Now, given the evolving nature of COVID-19 and the global economic disruption it has caused, it is not currently possible to predict with certainty the pandemics impact on the rest of our years financial results. As a result, we are withdrawing our full-year 2020 guidance for estimated net income attributable to common stockholders per diluted share, estimated FFO per diluted share and comparable property NOI growth, which we provided on February 4, 2020. As of today, over 700 public companies have withdrawn their full-year guidance. Let me turn to the dividend. The board will declare a second quarter dividend before the end of June and that dividend will be paid in cash. We expect to pay out at least 100% of our taxable income in 2020 in cash. As a point of reference, there had been over 175 public companies who have either suspended or reduced their common stock dividend by 50% or more. We will not be one of those companies. Let me turn to the Taubman transaction. As you know, we announced a transaction with Taubman on February 10, 2020 and we will not make any comments or provide any updates on this call about the status of the Taubman transaction. We will provide information as and when appropriate. Finally, concluding before we turn it over to Q&A, most importantly, I want to thank all of my colleagues for busting their ass. I also reflect on the last few weeks and how our company has responded two words come to mind, resilience and innovation. We have managed through many severe crisis over the decades whether natural disasters, bubble burst, numerous recessions, et cetera. Each crisis had its own unique circumstances just as we face today with this pandemic. Well, one thing I know with certain is Simon team will be focused on the long-term needs of our stakeholders and once again will come out ahead. And were now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good evening. Good evening, David, out there. So, two questions from us. And first, David, on the dividend, good to hear you talk about cash given what weve heard from others on the whole offset between accrued rents still mandating taxable income versus cash. So, good to hear that you guys are going to pay cash. Just a question, as you guys have seen re-openings in Asia and your overseas centers, what lessons have you learned there and what have you seen as far as shopper rebound? Has it been more the core shopper coming back? Have people been pretty open to accepting all the accommodations and getting back to sort of normalcy or your view is from what youve seen overseas it may take longer for the shopper and the tenant to rebound?
David E. Simon: Well, I think, its actually, weve been pleasantly surprised. We would like, I think, the retail community in Europe was a little bit more prepared to open. So, theyve had a higher percentage of retailers open, Alex. And I think the biggest reason has been the rules there have been a little clearer. And they dont have different municipalities basically directing different rules so to speak. So, they were a little bit more prepared, plus in a lot of cases their employees were not on furlough, so it was easier for them to get up, but I think our sales have been somewhat better than what were seeing in Europe. And in Asia, weve been basically open except recently Japan closed. But we were doing, believe it or not, reasonably well in Asia until kind of the last month when both Malaysia and Japan had to shut down. South Korea has been fine. So, I think as - I think the retail community didnt anticipate we were going to open. We kept telling them we were going to open. We opened, but the consumers actually been very supportive. Obviously, they want to see more stores open as do we. But I think its a process and you got to get started and you go from there. So, some of the sales have been much better than what we expected and in some cases comped higher than last year. But that - I do think for the retailers that are opening, theyre gaining market share, theyre taking advantage of pent-up demand and I think others that arent ready are missing that opportunity. But thats up for them. Were not forcing the issue at all, but in terms of whether retailers open or not, but we want to help these local communities because frankly they depend on our sales tax and our real estate tax. I think the municipalities and the government ultimately are going to appreciate what weve done over year-after-year delivering sales and property tax payments and they dont have that at the rate that theyre used to, and I think finally well garner some respect that we deserve.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is, obviously a lot of tenants, I guess, have not paid, you havent disclosed the level, but Ill let that be. But have you noticed your tenants reaching out to their banks, their lenders, to get default waivers? So, if theyre not paying you, the landlord, theyre not being in default of their own lending standards or have you seen most of your tenants not applied for those waivers from their end?
David E. Simon: I think they generally what I hear for the financially solid retailers, theres not an issue in terms of them getting the capital. And, look, I will tell you, I mean, were not giving a percent of what weve collected. And let me just expand on it for a second if I could. First of all, were much better than what the prognosticators - Ive read some things thinking, well, this is where were at. Were doing better than that. But I also dont think its appropriate to air our discussions in the public format. And also, you have to put in mind what percent we collect in April or May. It almost, in a sense, its not something overly to focus on because the reality is, we have a lease and they have to pay. So, we dont have to give semantics. And the way I also think about it, obviously if they decide they are in bankruptcy, then thats when they get the right to reject a lease. But here is also how I think about, and I just want you to understand this, Alex, say we got 50% and its a hypothetical. If I was a retailer and I paid the 50%, Id be basically upset that there were 50% that didnt pay on one hand. On the other hand, if I didnt pay the 50%, Id almost feel justified in not paying because the reality is, Ive got another 50% of the retailers that didnt pay. So, we know what were doing here. We will navigate this. It is not easy, but I just think its better to have our discussion directly with the retailers. And the bottom line is, we do have a contract and we do expect to get paid. And that I know somehow the market morphed into this number. But the reality is, our business is a lot more complex than some of these others. And remember, our rent roll is - a month of our rental roll is sometimes greater than these guys for the entire year. So, were a little more complicated, a little bigger and I think were navigating it appropriately. So, again, I wanted to give you context to that and I hope that was helpful.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you, David.
David E. Simon: I also want to say the only reason Im yelling is because Im far away from the speaker in this social distancing, in our board room, for whatever reason the guy put me away from the speaker.
Alexander Goldfarb: Can imagine why they did that.
David E. Simon: Okay next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is now open.
Christy McElroy: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks. Understanding that you have significant liquidity through your cash balance in your expanded credit facility, as you get closer to the expected closing date of the Taubman merger, can you talk about your desire to issue longer term debt? Weve seen some of the other higher rated REITs access the unsecured bond market. Is that something that you would pursue near-term and where do you think that you could issue that today in terms of accessing permanent capital in this market?
David E. Simon: Well, again, I dont know if you heard my opening remarks, but I...
Christy McElroy: I did.
David E. Simon: Okay. So, I have nothing to say on the further on Taubman. Well let you know when we have information to provide. So, theres not much more I can say on that front.
Christy McElroy: Well, I guess, just in terms of accessing debt capital in this market, have you looked at during the bond deal?
David E. Simon: Well, at some point, were going to do a bond deal because its natural for us to do one every year. So, were in a rush to do one. Were constantly marketing or reviewing the market. We can issue paper, but were going to be smart about it. Were certainly not under the gun to issue any paper. Our ratios are as strong as anybody thats out there. And well just continue to monitor it. The good news is, the markets there. And thats why in a company like ours to have access to both private capital unsecured public debt market, mortgage market have all of those available to us is a real advantage.
Christy McElroy: And then your contribution from straight-line rent, it looks like it was down from the recent quarterly run rate. To what extent was that impacted by a write-off of straight-line rent receivables? To what extent have you moved any of your tenants to cash basis accounting? And how are you thinking about that collectability assessment in the current environment versus previously?
David E. Simon: Yeah. Thats essentially the new accounting rules that we enacted last year. And we dont get into specifics about writing off straight-line rent receivables.
Brian J. McDade: There wasnt.
David E. Simon: And there wasnt any. Okay.
Christy McElroy: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Richard Hill: Hey. Good evening, David. Two questions for me. First, I noticed in your supplement that you did not discuss occupancy costs. So, I was hoping you could maybe update on what you saw in the first quarter.
Thomas Ward: 15%.
David E. Simon: Brian?
Brian J. McDade: It was above 13%.
Richard Hill: Thank you. I appreciate it.
David E. Simon: Yeah.
Richard Hill: Perfect. Thank you very much, Brian. Hey, David, and I wanted to maybe take a bigger picture question. Look, in the past, youve been active with retailers both Aropostale and Forever 21. Theres obviously some distress in the retail market right now. I cant help but think that you see this as a medium to long-term opportunity. Could you maybe update us on your thinking on retail investments at this point in time?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think our number one priority, if you saw or you listened to the early the call, I mean, our retailer investments were significantly impacted because of having to close stores. And I mean, the companies Nautica, Aropostale and F 21 are in good shape. We have plenty of liquidity to manage the situation. But if not, I mean, our focus is to make sure that theyre doing what they need to do to position their business for profitability. They were not profitable in the first quarter. Thats why we pointed that out, last year was basically breakeven. So, we had basically a $0.06 change year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter. I think our focus right now is on, Rich, is on those operations. Were not going to rule it out. Were only taking inbound calls. So, if people want us to think about something, were happy to do it. But were not out there running around soliciting investments. Priority is on what we got across the board, but Im sure there will be opportunities and were in a position to be opportunistic if we think it helps our business.
Richard Hill: Got it. Thats helpful. And maybe just one more quick question if I may.
David E. Simon: Sure.
Richard Hill: Do you have a sense to pay 100% of your taxable income, what percentage of your rent you need to collect in 2Q?
Brian J. McDade: Well, I mean, frankly, we dont collect a nickel. I mean, but we are, but we dont - obviously its going to impact our taxable income over the year, its not a quarter-to-quarter issue. Were going to make an estimate by basically June-ish, mid-June, what our taxable income looks and well be smarter a month from now and thats basically why were doing what were doing. And I think we will have been through most of whatever discussions were doing with our retailers. Well know at that point how many properties are not open. So, well be able to narrow that down. We have a decent handle on it now, but the fact of the matter is, as long as we declare it in the second quarter Id rather be smarter on it. And we think another month of making sure we know whats going to open when, will give us a chance to really fine tune that, and then well go from there.
David E. Simon: In our...
Richard Hill: All right.
David E. Simon: And again, in my text, I gave you an indication of what it wont be. Okay. So Im not really certain what it will be, but I gave you a really good hint of what it wont be. So, I hope you understand that. Its there for people to consume, I guess. But put yourself in our shoes. I mean, today, we still dont have half of portfolio up and running. So, its a little unusual, but I think in another month or so, well be able to fine tune it.
Richard Hill: Got it. David, thank you very much.
David E. Simon: Sure.
Richard Hill: Good luck. And I hope you and your team and your families are all safe and healthy.
David E. Simon: You as well. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Michael W. Mueller: Yeah, hi. I guess, thanks, first, what are the reopening expectations for the tenants that are on month-to-month leases in carts and kiosks?
David E. Simon: Im sorry, we didnt get all of it, Mike. Can you - something about...
Michael W. Mueller: Yeah.
David E. Simon: Say it one more time.
Michael W. Mueller: Yeah, I was going to say. Yeah. What are your expectations for the tenants that are on month-to-month leases and them reopening?
David E. Simon: Well, most of those are local and entrepreneurs. And actually, I mean thats the great thing about America. They want to open. They want to go to work. They want to open. Were very focused on helping them. I mean, obviously, well screw somebody up somewhere just because of our - we wont do everything perfect, but were going to help that group. They want to open. And Ive been very pleased and our team has been very pleased by the amount of local and month-to-month people that want to open. So, I think thats their livelihood, and boy, do we appreciate that. And we want them now. Again, some are waiting for PPP and so on and so forth, but pretty good interest on that front.
Michael W. Mueller: Got it. And for the centers that you reopened, about what percentage of the tenants opened up as well?
David E. Simon: It varies all over the place. And every week, well get better. Again, it was very interesting. I dont think the community - even though we were trying to keep them up to speed and even though some days we had to change what we thought was going to happen because it changed and there was a very chaotic up and down waiting for governors to order real actions, some doing it, some not doing it, some deferring it to municipalities, I think we managed it as well. I cant tell you how across the board the many states that really were impressed by our COVID response efforts across the board, and I talked to many governors, many chiefs of staff, and I think it was universal and praise and frankly our team worked very hard to do that. But I think our retail community just was waiting a little bit and now its coming, and Im feeling good about it. But every property is different. I dont have a number that says, of the 77 here it is, but itll get better each week. And the good news is, our department stores - I will tell you, our department stores were actually [ph] Dillards (00:35:30) department stores was ready with us. Macys is there with us. Belk is opening, Nordstrom is going to be opening in the next few weeks, even Neiman Marcus is opening. So that whole group - Kohls, we saw really good reception, communication and wanting to get open. I think I think people want to get open. They want - look, we have a job to do and how we operate differently than what it was a year ago. We understand that, we got to monitor that. But people are ready to open and compete with the broad array of options that the consumer has. The biggest misnomer in this whole thing was that industry was shut down not really, just certain industries were shut down. And I think our folks are ready to compete and well see what happens.
Michael W. Mueller: Got it. Thanks, David.
David E. Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Given where your stock trades on an implied cap rate basis, whats your willingness to buy back shares at the current levels?
David E. Simon: Well, I think, were going to be relatively conservative just given kind of the nature of the pandemic and making sure we get the portfolio open. Look, we did buy shares back in Q1 early, so we believe in our business. We also will say that when we look at what were planning to earn and again this is subject to change, but what were looking to probably earn this year and next year obviously is subject to fine tuning. We are tremendously undervalued, but we get it right now, were going to be conservative and theres just no reason why we should be trading at this multiple. But we get it and well be conservative and it is what it is. Thats not our primary focus right now. Getting the portfolio open, taking care of our employees, dealing with the retailers and the communities thats the primary focus.
Linda Tsai: That makes sense. And then, I realize youre doing the bulk of redevelopment spend, but how do you feel about 7% to 9% yields on redevelopments longer term?
David E. Simon: Well, I still feel reasonably good that our pipeline that we had was something that would be beneficial to the company and its shareholders. Obviously, weve got to see where we are. And were still early in this, even though I think weve turned the corner because were almost half open. But we still got a lot of properties to open. We do think this pandemic will affect certain properties differently. Obviously, youve got the Northeast where we dont know when were going to open there. And some of those projects that were focused on will be - might change a property. And Oklahoma maybe office since go, a property somewhere else because of various factors we may put on hold for a while. So, its really going to be like it always has been, but even more today than ever. Its going to be really focused on the nature of the particular property, where its located, the consumer demographics, all of this stuff is changing and well just have to see its also going to be impacted by is it an indoor center or an outdoor center. So, all these things are at least currently with the pandemic, all basically things that were going to have to take into account for the future, and things are different. We recognize that.
Linda Tsai: Thanks for those additional insight. I just have one last one. What are your expectations for remaining 2020 lease expirations?
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, its going to be a retailer by retailer. Im sure well have some follow-up, but generally we have a prosperous portfolio for the retailer. I think the big issue is, what they estimate their sales to be this year. And obviously, the more they get comfort in that I think that the higher probability that well have the success that weve had historically.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
David E. Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Derek Johnston: Hi. Hi, everyone. Good evening. So, David, your subsector has endured a heavy toll. And being at-home for a while, I think people probably do want to get out and hopefully shop. So, I mean, the question is, how does your cycle tested keen pull us out of this? And what are the plans to make customers and retailers comfortable, and I guess more importantly excited to get back to malls?
David E. Simon: Well, obvious, Derek, when you say subsector, what are you referring to?
Derek Johnston: I just mean malls in general, have really taken a heavy stall.
David E. Simon: Derek, we are not a mall company. We are predominantly a retail real estate company, but were not - I wouldnt, by any stretch of the imagination, consider us a mall company. So thats essentially how I would answer. I mean, we are focused on retail real estate, but we are not a mall company, and I think weve been consistent on that for years.
Derek Johnston: Okay. And second...
David E. Simon: And I think the other point on your answer is, I think its going to - certain properties in certain areas are going to be just fine you know, and then others might take longer to get up to speed. And indoor, outdoor centers in that are dependent on tourism could be different. I think every property - you cannot, first of all, you got to understand were not a mall company. And number one, weve never said that even for years and years and years. And number two, every property is going to be somewhat affected differently and the demographics of what happens in that local trade area, is this oil go back up to $50. Again theres no blanket statement, everything looks really has to be looked at in kind of a regionally and so on.
Derek Johnston: Okay. Understood, and thank you. So, a lot of investors are going to bring negative assumptions and speculation from your lack of commentary on the Taubman merger. So, without talking about Taubman at all, what would you say to those investors here and now directly?
David E. Simon: I said what I have to say, Derek.
Derek Johnston: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good afternoon. What was the rationale for reducing the redevelopment pipeline so drastically? Was it primarily a balance sheet related decision? And how do you think about the impact of taking a pause in redevelopment could have on the long-term positioning on some of these properties?
David E. Simon: Well, Vince, believe it or not, Im a grizzly veteran and Ive seen - I am proud that weve always been able to flip or toggle switch on and off depending upon economic scenarios. And the reality is, we have a great type, itll end up being dependent upon the particular property. And we can switch it on completely, also remember that fact is construction was in a lot of places forced to shut down. And we felt it was appropriate to be conservative in the spend. And the reality is, we can turn it off, we can turn it on, were never going to get over our seat on that front, as I think about it, well have two or three bigger decisions to make in Q3, Q4 on a couple projects, one internationally, two domestically and the rest of them will restart when we feel good about the environment.
Vince Tibone: That makes sense. So, just staying on redevelopment for a second, I mean, how do you see [ph] anchor (00:46:54) redevelopments changing post-COVID and when the economy starts to rebound? Can you just discuss kind of some high-level back selling plan, if there was an acceleration of department store closures?
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, this, you guys are smart. Im not sure I agree with a lot of your research, but I do appreciate you do a great job. What is variable that there will be some and it all depends on the opportunity, it all depends on property-specific information. We do think that department stores still play a meaningful role in a number of properties. They also whether through lease or not, theres some good real-estate there. And we were, as you know, very focused on redeveloping those boxes that will continue to be a long-term focus for us without question. We have great real estate. Were more than a mall company, and the ability to redevelop our great real estate is a hallmark of this company and something we will continue. Theres nothing wrong, weve taken a pause while we sort our way through a pandemic and weve dealt with a lot, I honestly say, I havent dealt with this, but were back up and running almost half the portfolio. Were feeling good about what weve done, feel good about the balance sheet, feel good about our people and what theyre trying to accomplish. And again, I think the ability to redevelop real estate that we get back will be an important component of what we do to add value going forward. So, were not deterred by the current events, but were taking a pause as it sorts its way through.
Vince Tibone: Okay. That makes senses. Appreciate the color.
David E. Simon: No worries.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. Youve been opened for two weekends. I wonder if you could comment on how consumers are being received by the different formats, outlet, malls, whatever and by the different geographies.
David E. Simon: Well, I would certainly say, outdoor centers feel a little bit more comfortable. And I, obviously, would say that the states that were opening that it is so dependent upon the kind of the states and where things are. And generally, the suburban outside kind of the major dense areas seem to be doing better. I do think theres pent up demand. Id say the consumer is probably a little more moderate as opposed to high-end. Regarding our outlets, were seeing some really good traction with some of the higher-end brands as they sell their goods. So, I do think that maybe from a moderate customer thats having the ability to shop there. But its a little early to say that some of our good bread and butter states, we feel pretty encouraged by.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then I just wondered if there were any plans to expand or extend curbside shopping helping the consumers transition to shopping in-store again.
David E. Simon: Well, sure. I mean, in some cases thats all that you can do. And were there to help the retailer if they need our help. But in a lot of cases, theyve already have their own protocols. So, look, I think its helpful and beneficial, but its more important ultimately for us to get our properties open fully.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
R. Jeremy Metz: Hey, thank you. David, I was hoping you can maybe discuss the reduction in the operating costs a little more in terms of what youve been able to do and if you can quantify the actual savings that you expect here on the full year of operations versus maybe your initial budget? And along those same lines with most of your tenants on fixed cam reimbursement, is there any carry through there or no and maybe you can just also quantify the reduction in the corporate spending just help us get a better feel to what that actually looks like? Thanks.
David E. Simon: Yeah. Jeremy, as you know we went through guidance so we really cant do that. But obviously when your property is not allowed to operate and open and we have the ability to reduce all sorts of costs and thats really on one hand, on the other hand if you take and if you see in our protocols and we do open, were going to have an additional cost of running the centers. And its hard for me to give you a number because the reality is I dont know when were going to be able to open the entire portfolio. But as soon as we do that well try to give you the new normal. But when we are opening, we are one shift. So that does save us. Im hopeful that at some point we will come away with that because thats a good sign, but were not quite there yet. But when we do open, we have extra maintenance cleaning et cetera. So theres so many variables right now its just I cant really do it and its hard to do it right now without knowing when the entire system opens up and how it opens up and what our restrictions are going to be. By the way we dont think they should be just to be go on the record, we do think we should be able to be open. We have terrific protocols. They are as good as any of our other competitors which are the online only operators and the big boxes and so on that continue to operate. We have the same distancing. Were limiting the amount of personnel. Were handing out mask. Were doing everything that all of the other competitors are doing including the major online competitors. So, we do think, we should hope - I mean, I want to go on record saying that and we do think we should calibrate that obviously. Were prepared to operate clearly within any government protocols but we do feel like we should open. And that clearly our outdoor centers should clearly open, but main event, I just cant give you the number because I dont really know when were opening. We are saving some money but as we get open a lot of that will go back into the property to maintain the protocols that were helping to - what were doing our share in those communities. I hope the communities appreciate what were doing. I hope they appreciate what we do not only in sales tax, but in property tax. My favorite obviously is in Long Island, where I wont name them all but we can probably in total over $60 million in property taxes for a couple of properties. My guess is, with right protocols, we ought to get a chance to see what we can do especially as our competitors are open and selling stuff thats clearly more than non-essential. A long-winded answer to your answer to your very straight forward question, which is I cant really give you that, okay.
R. Jeremy Metz: I think thats fair. And just are you willing to comment on the employee side as youve reopened properties and taken employees off furlough? Have you seen any attrition or employees simply not returning and thats something thats kind of percolated out there as a possible concern?
David E. Simon: Yeah. Listen, I think just the whole employee thing, even in the - when I went back to Indianapolis, was 1990. And obviously retail real estate - that was a serious recession, and we had to go through very painful downsizing. This is since that, basically 30 years ago, weve never really had a reduction in force even in the recession. The Great Recession in 2008-2009, we didnt have a reduction in force. So, we went through that. I feel personally terrible for it. And then, you couple that with the furlough that we had to do. So, just a very painful scenario. And I do think, as soon as we get our system open, Im hopeful that were going to call as many people back as we can from furlough, I hope they - not that they should, but I hope they at least can understand why we did what we had to do and I hope they do come back. I do think weve been pretty good so far on what weve opened. And I think as our level of activity increases, were going to bring as many folks back as we can. We did have a permanent reduction in force. We do not plan on bringing those folks back. And obviously thats not something we wanted to do. I didnt think I had to do that again. We built this company not to do that, but we felt like we had to do that. And I apologize to the folks that were impacted by it. Theres no good excuse.
R. Jeremy Metz: Yeah. No. And the second one for me, just a little more positive, to go back to your opening comments about innovation coming to mind the last few weeks. Maybe you can just expand a little bit more what that means, what youre doing differently? And then just what else maybe bigger picture youre looking to do as you start to think about potential changes to the model and how to adapt your centers and curate them possibly differently including just you were going down the path of adding some mixed use. Does this change that aspect at all, or just too early to make some of those calls? Thanks, Dave.
David E. Simon: No. As I mentioned earlier, Jeremy, I do think the whole redevelopment of our properties will continue to be very important. I would look at what were doing now as a pause making sure that we have a better feel for the landscape. And the fact is, you cant redevelop anything if you cant open your property. Okay? So, please understand were still confronted with that dilemma. I think weve just been so innovative on how we opened the portfolio. I mean, the ability to do what we did as fast as we did as high level as we did. I dont think anybody really could appreciate that in scale and scope. I think and what were trying to do with our retailers again, Im sure therell be a difference of opinion on that. But what were trying to do in terms of listening to what their issues are, maybe not agreeing, but certainly trying to have a constructive dialogue, segmenting the retailers out in various categories, putting the right people involved. Again, were not going to bat 1.000, were going to have some conflicts because we do believe in our contracts. But were clearly trying to do that innovatively, were really focused on the local community trying to be innovative there and then just listening to consumer on what we can do and learn from there. And then I think technology will be added to our properties to enhance the consumer experience and certainly to keep them safe. So, theres a lot more to come, but we are basically eight weeks into this, right, almost eighth week.
Brian J. McDade: Yeah.
David E. Simon: And were learning a lot and doing a lot. I expect that to continue.
R. Jeremy Metz: Okay. Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good afternoon. So, David, whether a mall or a retail real estate center is open or not, one of the challenges that you face is just diminished capacity, right, just less traffic than normal. So, Im just curious conceptually, I dont really care about the April or May rent collection, but just conceptually how are you thinking about what rents should be during this kind of transitional phase? And is your approach more along the lines of A, if the city is open and the mall is opened safely, rent is due or something a little bit more accommodating?
David E. Simon: Well, again, I think the short answer is, I think Ive addressed a lot of this, but the short answer is, its very much a property by property and a retail by retail process that we go through. We use the judgment that weve had 60 years of experience. We will not always get it right, but we try to rely on that. We also, from the retailer, how theyre treating us. I mean, its a two-way street. And we try to put it in a blender and find out a solution. Im hopeful we can do that, but theres no guarantee that that we can. And I think the receptivity from our properties is really going to be, I mean, I do think its going to be a lot of it will depend on the consumer demographics and where that property is, and what the psyche of that consumer really has been affected. I can assure you at least based on what Im seeing that in certain properties that reopen, the psyche of that consumer hasnt really been affected. It may be affected elsewhere.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And youve talked about the benefits of the [ph] finance (01:05:09) platform and the scale that you have and how much of an advantage it is. Just broadly speaking, do you think in this type of environment where theres going to be some economic challenges, companies that dont have the same scale, may be smaller, could be disproportionately impacted?
David E. Simon: Yes, without question.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is now open.
Nicholas Yulico: Thanks. I just wanted to go back to this topic of rent deferrals. I mean, you do in the 10-K disclose that you have given some rent deferrals, youre not saying what they were or not, but I guess Im just wondering what drove the decision to do rent deferrals, which you did do some so far versus conversations that you still have with tenants where you havent made a decision yet what the outcome is going to be?
David E. Simon: Well, its a retailer by retailer discussion. I mean, we went out our way knowing the extraordinary changes that this pandemic has created. And given our financial wherewithal, we went out of the way to offer deferral for a lot of our retailers. And we felt that was we had the balance sheet and the cash flow and everything else to do it and we just felt it was the right thing to do. Even though theres nothing in the contract that alleviates their contractual life to pay rent in the 95% trial of our leases. So, we just felt like we can help, simple as that.
Nicholas Yulico: And in terms of just going back to the timing of, I think you said by the time June comes around, the board is going to have more information on taxable income, other items I guess about ultimate collection of rents. How much though is that going to depend on the reopening of your centers? And I guess, as well how much of your - if you had already given some deferrals, I mean, how much of the portfolio is kind of in question right now in terms of where ultimate rent collection is going to be and why is it that when you get to June you think youre going to have, the board is going to have more confidence in ultimately where your income may settle out this year?
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, because the reality for opening centers now which was the first hurdle will know, every week were all opening more centers. Well make further progress on where we are with our retailers. At the amount of information that I have today versus what I had a month ago is exponentially high. I would expect the same thing to occur. And its the most thoughtful thing to do since it will still be declared in our second quarter is to have another month of information or thereabouts on all the factors that go into our taxable income. And again, I mean, I indicated earlier I dont know if you listened to my opening remarks where we think it is today, but another month, five weeks from now or no more, not that complicated.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Wes Golladay: Hi, guys. Just have a few quick modeling questions. First one is, you have much exposure to hotels. I imagine its pretty small, but with RevPAR down 90%, it might start to show up in the numbers.
David E. Simon: Very small, the ones that we do have are not open. I think one is actually, but yeah its very small, very small.
Wes Golladay: Yeah. Okay. And then going into your accounting expertise here, now that the pipeline is smaller, will you be capitalizing cost going forward or with the projects in a suspension mode, can you still capitalize the costs?
David E. Simon: Well, you cant capitalize the cost if its suspended. Its not going to be a material change one way or another.
Brian J. McDade: Wes, you would keep capitalizing costs on those projects that are still active as of right now.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Thank you very much.
David E. Simon: No worries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is now open.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Hey, its Michael Bilerman with Christy. David, I think we all want to know how you do the homeschooling rather than what youre doing on the business side.
David E. Simon: Homeschooling?
Michael Jason Bilerman: Yeah. What youre doing - how you are as a teacher rather than you are as a CEO?
David E. Simon: Thats very good. Im not sure what I do well. Okay.
Michael Jason Bilerman: So, as you think about on the dividend, can you talk about the June making decision, why not wait until the end of the year because its an annual election on the quarterly election and sort of figure out when all said and done, because I dont think any of us know the depths and lengths of this pandemic and things we could get a resurgence in the fall. We may get a resurgence from all the re-openings right now. So, why not wait until there is perfect clarity for annual taxable income?
David E. Simon: Well, I think, well be in a pretty good spot. I mean, were bucketing it now. We just want to reaffirm our buckets and get more information. I want to - you did say something about our openings unequivocally, youre not going to increase in my opinion the potential spread of COVID. And communities may go up, but dont blame - unless you have science, dont blame it, dont blame our openings on an increase and that community is COVID. Im not sure that I would create that causation, okay.
Michael Jason Bilerman: No, Im not saying if your asset...
David E. Simon: I guess, you said something and I just wanted to make it clear.
Michael Jason Bilerman: No, I was saying just generally, yeah. Generally...
David E. Simon: Yeah, generally. Okay, look, I think its possible, right. I mean, there could be markets where there is a spike and its reduced, but I mean, common sense would indicate were just going to have to figure out how to live with this threat for a while. And again, I mean, Im not in-charge, but well do what we need to do. And if theres better technology or if theres a better idea, our protocols and I said to state, municipalities and we study what everybody is doing but the reality is if theres a better way to do what were doing, well do it. Thats simple. And because it will change, I mean, there will be better protocols than what we initially set forth.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Right.
David E. Simon: But, Michael, look, I think its important to the best in the community to do the core - I mean, it goes back to your first part. I mean, I do think its good to have a quarterly cadence. Were in a position financially to do that. And the reality is, we think its the right thing to do just to fine tune it, get more data over the next four to five weeks and go from there.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Right. And pay it in cash greater than 50% of where it was before, which was in your opening comments.
David E. Simon: Well, I think we said, we wont be like probably by the time its June, itll be over 200. I said it wont be at least 200 companies that will be less than 50% based on what we know today on our modeling. So, I will pay it in cash and were going to pay our taxable income and were not going to do that weird stuff that whatever they call it, what do they call it, I think the strangling of one tax year to the next.
Michael Jason Bilerman: As you think about going into this pandemic, obviously the retailers a number of them were struggling. And I think one of the frustrations you had was on the e-commerce businesses that a lot of these retailers are operating were generated a lot of the sales by your assets. And so, while the sales didnt take place at your mall or outlet or mill center, they were developed from that interaction. As you think about where we are today with most of the retailers not having access to their store front, obviously the e-com activities are growing pretty substantially in getting a lot bigger adoption by consumers. Is there an opportunity as you go forward in these restructurings or deferrals or whatever youre dealing with your tenants to restructure all of the leases with the retailers to bring things to sort of the current marketplace relative to when those leases were first signed?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think that, lets just say this. The internet for retail whether its a marketplace or direct-to-consumer or any other method is a big competitor to our entire industry. It is part of our industry. And we always have to compete with it. And our greatest asset is the physical one and service, and those kind of things. And we will have to see how that evolves. I do think a number of retailers are frankly shipping right now even if were in a place where were not allowed to operate, a lot of retailers were accessing their store and shipping directly from that store. So, itll be interesting to see what happens with that even though we were not able to operate, theyre in their operating, Im sure theyre social distancing and all that stuff. But therere in their operating selling e-commerce. So, look, it is the internet certainly it would be hard to intellectually argue that its this scenario has increased adoption for it and though we compete, well figure out how to compete. The stores are important to the retailers that have both. And I think that will remain the same. I do think perhaps there is some thinking out there that they dont need as big a storefront or store network. I think that could backfire on them in the long run because its kind of out of sight, out of mind.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Yeah.
David E. Simon: And but well see. I am sure there will be some retailers that will get the sense that the fleet, the store network is not as important as it was three months ago.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Right.
David E. Simon: I think that - well see how that shakes out, and what role we can play in that. I think they might be making a wrong decision, but thats not for me to say. Thats just my own instinct.
Michael Jason Bilerman: I mean, look, do you hear about people saying with office space we now have to go back to the office. Theres not going to be any stores. So, I dont see us being in our homes 100% of the time working and shopping. I do think we live in a society that crave some of that. But theres going to be significant change as we come through this because a lot of your tenants unfortunately dont have the wherewithal to get through, a lot of tenants just dont have the wherewithal whether theyre office tenants living in an apartment, I mean its a real recession going on. And so, its just getting from point A to point B.
David E. Simon: We are clearly aware of that for sure.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Yeah. Last question and I get your comment. No comment, status update from Tom, and the question I have is, why? So what is the rationale? You dont have a shareholder vote. So, I didnt think there would be anything restrictive on that. You talked a lot about the decisive actions youre taking, immediate actions youre taking, aggressive actions that youve taken to protect your enterprise. Why not mention anything about pretty sizable deal that you entered into where there is a proxy upstanding? Whats the rationale for not providing any updates?
David E. Simon: Look, Michael, the only reason why I let you get back on the call is because you make me laugh and youre a good guy, but the reality is Ive already answered this question. And do you have anything else let me know.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Right. No, it was just more so I didnt want to get - I just didnt know if there was a legal reason why, thats the only thing I didnt know if it was a legality thing you can speak about it, thats why I asked in that way.
A - David E. Simon:
Michael Jason Bilerman: All right. I appreciate the time, David, as always.
David E. Simon: Thank you. Be well.
Michael Jason Bilerman: You too.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good evening out there. Thanks for accommodating my question. David what can you tell us, what update can you provide us on Forever 21 specifically. I understand your earlier comments on liquidity and youre not making any new retail level investments here, but Im curious if youve been investing capital today in the Forever 21 platform specifically for the long-term is still worthwhile in this environment?
David E. Simon: We actually capitalize it pretty reasonably well. So were in good shape right now and theres no need for additional capital. So obviously its important for them to get the stores up and running and operating, but its between us and our partners of Authentic Brands group in Brookfield, were in pretty good shape to weather the storm.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Helpful. What can you tell us about the Carson outlet joint venture project you have with Macerich? I understand its a bit of a court battle with the city going on there and that the project you did is in bit of a standstill. But Im curious if you think the project is on in the future and if you still be willing to pursue this project once normalcy return to the world and it might be a project youd be willing to pursue on your own if need be?
David E. Simon: Well, look, the only - since its in litigation, I really cant comment, but I encourage you to read the complaint that we and Macerich filed against the agency. And...
Haendel St. Juste: Okay.
David E. Simon: And its all, I mean, its a lot, but its all spelled out and plenty of time is passed. This was - this has nothing to do with the pandemic. This was going on for several months, but I encourage you to read the complaint. Its all spelled out black and white lots of pictures too. I think the colored actually Im not even sure but some are colored. Okay.
Haendel St. Juste: Sure. Sure. Weve taken a look. Were just curious if there is something that perhaps has a long term future. But I understand whats going on. So, lastly how should we think - Im wondering, I guess, how your redevelopment approach overall might change your post COVID 19, are going to require more of a premium spread that the yield spread versus the cap rates even matter. And any thoughts on what a more appropriate measure or how you would focus quantitatively in determining which project to pursue versus the others?
David E. Simon: Well, I mean its a lot of its based on our years of experience in judgment. Its interesting, the cap rates matter. Thats a very good question. Okay. Put that aside. We look at return on investment and obviously if its too low youre not creating any value for the shareholders. So cap rates are and are not necessarily a science. We tend to look on return on equity, return on investment. But look I think right now were just were focused on finishing whats really almost ready to complete. We have and then were focused obviously on getting our portfolio up and running and that those are the priorities right now.
Haendel St. Juste: Fair enough. Thank you.
David E. Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.
David E. Simon: Okay. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate your allowing us to move the call. We changed it up because we have our shareholder meeting tomorrow. And that was the only way we could pull everybody together in the remote office. So thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Simon Property Group Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference to your speaker today, Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Joel. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, Vice Chairman; Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that, this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good morning, everyone. We had a very busy productive quarter to end another successful year for our company. Our full year 2019 funds from operation per diluted share was $12.04, which includes a $0.33 charge for the early redemption of our four series of senior notes. Adjusting for the debt charge, our full-year FFO was $12.37 per share, at the upper end of our initial 2019 guidance. Comparable FFO per share for the year increased 4.4%. It is a testament to our relentless focus on operations, cost structure, active portfolio management, commitment to our strategy that we achieved the upper end of our initial range, even with the number of headwinds we faced during the year, including retail bankruptcies, significant downtime due to major redevelopments at many of our properties and a reduced overage from tourism spending, including the negative impact from the continued U.S. strong dollar, as well as the continued trade tensions limiting visitors. For the fourth quarter reported FFO was $1.045 billion, or $2.96 per share. Comparable FFO was $3.29 per share, an increase of 2.8% year-over-year. We continue to grow our cash flow and report solid key operating metrics, including our comp NOI, which grew with  our international properties grew at 1.7%. Our comp NOI for domestic properties increased 1.4% for the year. Retailer bankruptcies impacted our comp NOI by roughly 120 basis points and lower overage rent, due to reduced international tourism I mentioned earlier, increased  impacted our comp NOI growth by 30 basis points to 40 basis points. We are pleased to report that retail sales momentum again accelerated in the fourth quarter, reported retail sales per square foot for our malls and premium outlets was $693 per foot, compared to $661 in the prior year period, an increase of 4.8%. Keep in mind this is on top of more than 5% increase for the prior year. We continue to believe reported retail sales are understated and are negatively impacted by Internet returns of retailer's process at our brick and mortar locations. For the recent holiday period, some media reports quoted in-store sales growth of less than 1.5%, but contrary to our number, which was more than 3% and again, impacted by the Internet returns that occurred at our stores. These sales results further reinforce the benefits retailers experienced from operating in high-traffic, highly productive, well-located real estate. We generated a record of over $1 billion in gift card sales, which was an increase of more than 18% year-over-year. Leasing activity remains solid. Average base rent, minimum rent was $54.59. The malls and premium outlets recorded leasing spreads of $7.83, which was an increase of 14.4%. Our malls and premium outlet occupancy at the fourth quarter was 95.1%, which was an increase of 40 basis points compared to the occupancy at the end of the quarter  third quarter, down 80 basis points compared to the prior year, which was impacted roughly by 200 basis points from the bankruptcies that we process through the year. We have successfully re-leased approximately 60% of those bankruptcies already. On an NOI-weighted basis, our operating metrics were as follows: retail sales on an NOI-weighted basis is $884 per foot compared to $693; occupancy would be 96% and average base minimum rent would be $73. Now just to move to new developments. We opened one new development in 2019 in Mexico. Construction continues on five new outlet developments in leading markets, including four international destinations and one in the U.S.; Malaga, Spain which will open this month; Bangkok, Thailand; West Midlands, England; and in 2021 Normandy, France and Tulsa, Oklahoma. Very few companies that I know of could open in Thailand and in Tulsa and throw in France for fun. We completed a number of redevelopments and expansions across our portfolio in 2019, including four redevelopments of former department store spaces. We had a very busy year on the expansion of several high-performing international outlets, adding approximately 400,000 square feet in aggregate to centers in Seoul, Korea; Kent, England and Vancouver, Canada. We currently have 15 former department store redevelopment projects under construction. Our share of those costs are roughly $815 million. We have 20 more in our pipeline. And at the end of the fourth quarter, redevelopment expansion densification projects were ongoing at more than 30 properties across all of our platforms in the U.S. and internationally with our share of that net cost of approximately $1.3 billion. As a reminder, we fund these accretive projects through our internally generated cash flow. And just to give you a sense of the magnitude of some of the downtime, we are dealing with respect to our redevelopment. The projects that we have under construction that will open in 2020 will contribute approximately $70 million of incremental NOI in 2021 as they are stabilized. So again Thailand, France, Tulsa 30 projects under development $1.3 billion. $70 million of NOI that will be generated in 2021. Good comp NOI given a few headwinds. And just to put it in. I know it's a lot of numbers and a lot of going on, but it's important for everybody to understand it. Now let's talk about Aeropostale and ABG, because again we see a lot of misinformation out there and I just -- I think it's important just to give you a sense of our smart capital allocation decisions that continue to differentiate our company. We completed our third full year of owning Aeropostale, so I would like to take some perspective on that investment. I'm going to simplify this. I know it's a lot of information. I'm going to -- and focus on our cash investment our cash investment in Aero OpCo was approximately $25 million. We have already received $13 million of distributions, so I have $12 million of cash invested in Aero OpCo. At the time we bought it, it was producing a negative EBITDA of $100 million and had over 500 stores. Today, today, we expect Aero OpCo to produce EBITDA pre-royalty from 575 stores of approximately $80 million of EBITDA. We believe Aero is approximately, if you put a market multiple on it $350 million today and our ownership is 50%. 12 to three -- to 50% of $350 million. That's the math. Now with respect to ABG we invested -- we made a recent investment in it. So we have a total of 600 -- or sorry $67 million in ABG, Authentic Brands Group. At the time of our original investment, which was roughly $33 million, ABG produced EBITDA of approximately $150 million. Today our value is worth $190 million of our $67 million and ABG is expected to produce EBITDA well north of $350 million and the value is growing every day. Which leads me to Forever 21. As you've read recently, we have recently participated with Brookfield and Authentic Brands Group on behalf of the NewCo, SPAR Group, F21, LLC in a stocking horse bid for certain assets and liabilities in a going concern transaction under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code. Our Group's successful turnaround of Aero after climbing out of bankruptcy in 2016 gives us confidence with our ability to do the same with Forever 21. Forever 21 is a storied and well -- widely recognized brand with over $2 billion in global sales. We believe F21 similar to Aero presents a very interesting repositioning opportunity. If the transaction is consummated the newco contemplates the continued operations of many of Forever 21 stores and e-commerce business and maintaining many jobs. Our interest in the new venture will be approximately 50%. The aggregate purchase price -- acquisition price is approximately $81 million, plus the assumption of certain ongoing operating liabilities. The process is subject to a go-shop period. The auction is expected to be completed in mid-February with closing shortly thereafter. Now we're not done, sorry. We have balance sheet. So as you know we were very active in 2019. We completed 3-tranche senior notes of $3.5 billion with an average weighted coupon of 2.61% 15.9 years. We retired $2.6 billion of senior debt and our liquidity stands at $7.1 billion. We continue to have the strongest credit profile in the REIT industry. Our net debt-to-NOI is 5.2 times, our interest coverage is 5.3 times and our long-term issuer rating of A2 continues to be the highest in the REIT sector. We paid a record dividend in 2019 of $8.30, a 5.1% increase over 2018. We paid approximately $3 billion in dividends in 2019. And we have paid more than $31 billion in total dividends as a public company. We'll be well over $33 billion this year. And today we announced a dividend of $2.10 per share for the quarter, a year-over-year increase of 2.4% for the first quarter. Now let me turn to our outlook for 2020. Let me just briefly summarize 2019. We posted another record year of results. Revenues, cash flow, FFO per share dividends all records. We continue to strengthen our company through innovative disciplined investment activities that will allow us to continue to deliver long-term cash flow growth FFO and dividend growth. As a reminder, our 2019 results also included $0.19 per share in income related to insurance settlement at our Opry Mills. Moving on to 2020, our guidance range is $12.25 to $12.40 per share. This range represents approximately 1.7% to 3% compared to our FFO of $12.04. Our range is based on the following assumptions: major redevelopments occurring in many properties resulting in significant downtime; the impact from a continued strong U.S. dollar versus the euro and yen compared to 2019 levels; comparable NOI growth from our combined malls, outlets, mills and international platforms of 1% -- approximately 1%; no planned or acquisition -- no planned acquisition or disposition activity; and a diluted share count of 354 million shares. To conclude, we had another very busy and successful year. Our company and portfolio is as well positioned as ever and that will only improve with our ongoing investments. Given our track record of earnings growth, NOI and cash flow generation and increasing dividends, we continue to be curious to see the yield of our stock 500 basis points higher than the 10-year treasury. This is an ongoing overreaction to the negative sentiment. However, regardless we remain undaunted. Throughout our history, we have zigged when others have zagged and those moves have served us well. I'm extremely confident of where our business is and about the growth prospects of our company ahead. And we're ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. I wonder if you could characterize the outlet results. Did -- they seemed obviously that to have an impact from the lower traffic, but it also seemed like there were a number of store closings that impact the outlet. If you could just tell us, where the outlet relates to the mall business?
David Simon: Well the outlet business had a very good year. I mean the only -- I mean it was affected by certain bankruptcies, but we had significant comp NOI growth. It was higher than the mall business. And the only real shortfall occurred like I said in the overage rent and that was primarily at our bigger centers due to the strong dollar and tourism. So the outlet business we're projecting again for our comp NOI to be higher than the mall business. Again, Craig, don't get caught up in this narrative. We're seeing really good results in the outlet. We'd like a little weaker dollar more tourism. I believe that's temporary. It's good to see that -- obviously we've got a bigger picture going on with the coronavirus and tourism. I assume that will be temporary. However, it's great to see that China and the U.S. completed their trade discussions. And assuming we get through this coronavirus scenario. We expect our overage to continue to be dominant or at the growth in our outlet business. And we have no worries or concerns at all about our outlet business. Tulsa's leasing, Normandy is leasing, Bangkok is leasing, West Midlands and even with Brexit Mexit whatever you want it's leasing. Ashford's leasing. Vancouver is leasing. So I hope that gives you a flavor. So don't believe the narrative. You'll understand what we're doing.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And then on the 1% comparable NOI guidance is lower than you achieved in 2019. What would you say are the major drivers of that number?
David Simon: Well if I would say primarily because of the downtime. If you -- again, we're a big company so it's a little harder for everybody to understand all that's going on. But if you see the significant redevelopment that we have, we have downtime. And the reality of that is we think in 2021 that we could sit here and we don't have throw away years. You know our philosophy, but we do have significant downtime. That NOI that we've got that takes a decrease. And these are big malls like at Burlington and North Shore and all that stuff. A lot of that stuff is coming on in late 2020. We expect $70 million as I mentioned just from those redevelopments to come on into 2021. Obviously, we're projecting a stronger dollar, so we're muted on our overage rent calculations with our outlet business. And those are the primary. And then obviously we've got some retailer restructurings that are occurring. Some of that's related to the newer rent and that's likely to occur with the F21 stabilization some other restructuring. So you put it all in and that's 1%. I'm not overly worried about that number. I'd like it to be higher, but we've got some things to deal with and we're dealing with them.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And then just -- do you have what the leasing spread was just for the fourth quarter in 2019? And was that result somewhat timing-related?
David Simon: We don't. We just do it on a rolling 12.
Craig Schmidt: Okay.
David Simon: That's a number we post. It is what it is. We don't say too much grace over it. Just like sales. I mean we had this discussion on sales and it was the most important thing. Now I understand it's the least important thing. So again, you kind of know our view which is that sales are interesting. They're not determinative because again we can replace retailers that aren't performing. And then we do think our sales per foot are muted by the returns, okay?
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey. It's Michael Bilerman here with Christy. David, I wanted to go through some of the investments you're making in retailers and other sort of tech platform initiatives. And the numbers you gave out on Aero surprised you didn't quote out Adam Sandler given we're not too shabby, right? A 15 times multiple on Aero is highly impressive. When you step back, how do you think about all these investments whether it was Aero and potentially Forever 21? And then Life Time, Pinstripes, Allied, PARM, Soho House. I know some of them may be varied. How do you think about the investment itself versus driving disproportionate leasing within Simon's assets relative to all the other retail landlords, right? So how much of it is a benefit not only potentially of turning these retailers around like you did with Aero versus how much of it's incremental leasing that you're going to get out of your assets or protection of stores relative to everybody else?
David Simon: Well, first of all let me just talk about the retailer investments. We would not have done Aero and we're -- and we would not be attempting to do Forever 21 for the sole purpose of maintaining our rent. And that's the biggest misnomer out there when I read various publications and analyst notes and media notes. We do it -- we make these investments for the sole purpose of we think there's a return on investment. Now the fact of the matter is we did all this that Aero and the reality is they kept paying us rent. So that's like -- that's obviously beneficial and I don't want to understate that but that's not why we do it. At the same time with F21, we do think there is a business there, but it's got to be turned around. And I'm not going to project today to you what those numbers are, but we've got our work ahead of us. But if we are successful in turning around, we will make money at F21 and we'll get paid our rent. But again the sole purpose is to make investment in our -- for the benefit of our company. Now the rest of them we're creating a flywheel of unique entrepreneurs that understand the benefits of physical space, understand the benefits of the new consumer today. And whether it's Pinstripes or e-gaming or the deal that we did with RGG Rue and Gilt and what's going on with shop Premium Outlets and the deal we did with PARM and Nazarian at the SBE this is a flywheel that no other company in our industry can do. We expect to get the benefit of -- return on those investments. But additionally the ability to make us a better operator and also bring those kind of ideas to our portfolio. So we learn how to be a better operator, we make money on the investment and ultimately in some cases they bring their product to our -- to our physical portfolio. So I can't imagine a better scenario for us, but we're in early days on all of this stuff. But we expect to prosper from these kind of investments. Underlying though is we want them to add value to how we operate as well as to our portfolio and we're doing that. I mean, if you've seen as an example I mean go add chapter verse on this stuff but if you see what Life Time brings with their new concept to our portfolio, you'd say, I get it. Would I rather have that than a moderate underinvested department store and the answer is, come on. It's a no-brainer.
Michael Bilerman: Right. Second question I had was if you think about where your NOI breakdown is today between the malls outlets mills and international, which is the pie chart you have on slide 17 and you sort of marry it up with the pie chart of where you're spending your capital, which is slide 28, and then you add in a lot of these other types of investments that you're making where does -- let's say three years out or maybe five years out, where does the composition of your income and asset base shift to from effectively non-retail uses, resi, hotels, office, the totality of all these investments that you're making and then the traditional retail business? What do you think the split would be?
David Simon: I mean, it's really -- it's -- we benefit you could argue it either way, but we benefit from the -- I think we really benefit from being a large company. And it's obvious that we're able to make investments and pay our dividend without having to finance our dividend et cetera. So when I look at it we -- even when we look at just our nonretail real estate I mean to get to the NOI of over 5% is going to take a lot of work. But we do like the diversity of our geography, our product-type mills, outlets, malls, our mall business is under 50% of our NOI today. We love the international business. That's been highly profitable. And I think we've got a pretty interesting company because it's so diverse and so big and so well financed. Like I said at the end, I mean we can zig when others zag. Or is it zag with zig I always get confused
Brian McDade: Either way. Either way.
David Simon: Oh, either way. So we can zig when others are zagging and we can zag when others are zigging. Maybe that's the answer. And then we have our whole additional portfolio of other investments that maybe one day we have a spin-off of that. Maybe one day we're not a REIT. Maybe one day, we're just this diversified, interesting company that people will finally think, hey it's not a bad company, not too shabby.
Christy McElroy: Hey, David. It's Christy.
David Simon: We did -- we did have, not too shabby, in the conference. But we took it out, but if we can use...
Christy McElroy: Hey, David. It's Christy. If I could just add a follow-up on Craig's question on comp NOI. So realizing that you're now including international and I assume that's on a constant currency basis. I'm wondering if you could provide sort of an apples-to-apples comparison with the 1.4% growth in 2019 just for North America. And then just a clarification, your comp NOI growth excludes those larger redevelopment projects, is that correct?
David Simon: Only a few of those. So not all of them. It depends on the size of a  we have a definition of that. We have a size of it. And so that's not all of them. It just depends on some of that. So it doesn't really  international marginally helped. It's not a big deal. I would suggest to you that the biggest thing affecting our comp, as I said to you earlier, is that we do have a lot of redevelopments that are affecting our cash flow. I don't  and that's when they come on, we'll be $70 million in 2021. There is downtime. I don't think people appreciate that because you're used to dealing with smaller companies, frankly. And you know if they are leasing it out to X, Y, Z, it moves the needle. We're a little bit different and what we  there is no denying, we've got some leasing to do. Our occupancy is down a little bit. By the way, if you believe the narrative, you think our occupancy year-over-year will be down 500 basis points. It's down 80. We've already leased 60% of it. So, I'm not  we look at ourselves a little bit different. We give you a year-by-year number. We don't have throwaway years. Our 1%, I think is going to be fine. And if we get a little uptick in overage rent, it will be better. If we don't, it won't and we'll  life will go on.
Christy McElroy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks. Good morning. David, just one quick one. Go back on Forever 21, just given that, obviously, there is still a process being run here and there are some different outcomes that could come out of this. Just interested, is your current guide, is it built around all stores staying open and just operating at a reduced occupancy costs? Or was that the base that's built in here?
David Simon: We don't  again, given our size and given our historical results, we don't get into specific retailer rents or restructurings. That's for other folks. That's not for us.
Jeremy Metz: That's fair. And then we  as we think about sort of the add inflow of closings and bankruptcies we've seen, 2019, obviously a pretty big year. 2018 was down from 2017 though. So as you look at the landscape today, you look specifically at your outlet and mall portfolio. Obviously, what happened last year and what could be in the pipeline is sucked into the 1% comp outlook. But more high level, how do you feel about the landscape here today, given there is still, obviously, plenty of over-levered retailers out there?
Brian McDade: Yeah, I think  look, I think we're projecting it to be lower than last year, for sure. But it's our  our point of view and there are no certainties. But I would certainly  my best judgment call would certainly be to be dramatically less than last year. Last year was a very difficult year when it came to that if you look at. Historically, 2017 was a high year. 2018 was a low year. 2019 was a high year. So, we're anticipating a lower  certainly a lower amount, but that's our best estimate of what we see today.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And last one for me. As we look at where the stock is, as you mentioned, the misperceptions out there, the big dividend yield spread to cash you've been able to generate. How are you thinking about further stock buybacks at this point, just given the redevelopment pipeline and opportunity there that you outlined?
David Simon: Maybe we should go private. It's really what we should do. The reality is, look, it's in our  we do have the opportunity to do that. We're obviously waiting to see kind of what transpires in the global world right now, but it's something that we'll obviously continue. We do think our company is undervalued. And I would expect this to continue to play into that. It's not in our numbers and we'll see how the next  know how the next period of time evolves.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks for the time.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. I'll change up the answer because you called me out on the  out there last time. But I will say to Bilerman's thing, he mentioned that you didn't do not too shabby. I would point out that you brought Mexit in which may be the first in REIT-land to mention Mexit.
David Simon: That's why I keep saying we're a little bit different than the rest of the folks, okay? Mexit -- by the way, I think it will uptick sales in Vancouver though. So, there'll be a benefit from Mexit.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Well, if you could be a little less different if you go back to the 7 A.M. release time that would be appreciated.
David Simon: No problem. We had a technical difficulty. So, it wasn't as bad as the Iowa Caucus, but it was a little bit of a technical difficulty.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. So, two questions David. I appreciate that you're not going to comment specifically on individual tenants. But we did notice that Forever 21 dropped out of our top 10 in the fourth quarter. But third quarter obviously -- NOI in the fourth quarter was a lot weaker than previously. So maybe you can just in aggregate talk about what -- to the extent you could talk about the impact in the fourth quarter? And then what your bad debt credit is for 2020 and versus what the actual was in 2019 just to get a sense for how much the 1% is impacted by maybe a change in bad credit versus historical versus other things?
David Simon: Well, look we are -- we certainly -- it's not surprising to you. And again I -- you're very kind and you're very smart and that's why you want me to answer these F21 questions. But -- and I don't really want to answer them but I will answer this. Our fourth quarter was clearly impacted by the reductions that us and others provided to F21 to help stabilize their business, okay? And that was -- and that is -- that new scenario is one of the reasons why they dropped out of our top 10. So, it wasn't like we wanted it to drop out of our top 10, but that's just the math. Two is and I -- again, I have to impress upon everyone out there. We do a -- overage rent is an art, not a complete science and it is back-end weighted for the fourth quarter in the outlet business. We actually -- we're way behind an overage rent and all the way up and we made some of it back, but we didn't make what we had originally budgeted. So, when you put the two together that's why we were a little short domestically to get to our 2% original budget. I mean there's no hiding that, there's no denying that, but that is an art and a science. Now, that's why we've been extra conservative I'd say on the overage and the outlet business. But there's a lot going on. I mean right now tourism is way down in the United States. I don't control that. Usually, we're a beneficiary of that, but sometimes we run into a headwind. But that has nothing to do with the long-term viability of this great real estate and these great properties and that's what we have to as investors and as you as analysts and us as operators all have to kind of overlook these temporary things. So, we did -- so in summary, I hope I answered the question. In summary, our fourth -- our Q4 was impacted by what we did with F21. It was impacted the shortfall in the overage rent with the outlets. We're projecting a similar scenario next year so hopefully we'll be conservative on that but time will tell. And obviously that does the restructure of F21 because it was a big, big retailer does have -- it does flow through 2020 as well. I hope that answers -- on the bad debt, it's basically pretty flat from 2019 which was a pretty decent-sized year. So, that -- but again, there's no longer bad debt. It's just you don't get the income you thought you'd do, okay? And from an accounting point of view being an old GAAP accountant I still scratch my head on that. But the reality is it's no longer a bad debt, you just don't get all the income you thought you were going to get revenue.
Alexander Goldfarb: And then the second question goes to the dividend. You obviously highlighted where your yield is relative to the tenure. You guys always point out your sort of mid-single-digit dividend increases over the years. But maybe that mirrors your taxable dividend increase in which case it will -- it won't be lower. But just given it seems like your comments that the market is not appreciating your dividend and the guidance coming in a little short of where The Street is, should we brace ourselves that maybe you don't increase the dividend this year or maybe the increase is nominal maybe 1%? Or your view is to continue growing it in the sort of mid-single-digits even if the market doesn't appreciate it in the stock price?
David Simon: Well, look, I think we'll continue to grow our dividend. We have earnings growth next year -- or this year I should say, 2020. We grew 2.4% Q-over-Q. So, that's certainly a signal to you that we are not backing off our dividend growth. I mean, will it be as high as 8% or 10%, like it's been over the last five years or six years? It may -- probably not. But again, I don't think -- I look at it -- I guess, if you were in my shoes, when I hear the word bracing, I just want to explain to you, we're not bracing here, my friend. We're on the offense. We actually feel good about our company. We feel great about our dividend. We feel great about our balance sheet. We feel great about these other investments we're going to make. We're going to hopefully turnaround F21 and make money. So the last thing -- the last word you will never see in our -- hopefully, I shouldn't say never, but we don't -- we're not bracing here. Okay. Yes, we have some leasing to do, given the high amount of bankruptcies. We've already leased 60%. Yes, I'd like to see tourism come in. Strong dollar does limit spend. I mean, you will see that from other retailers, the retailers that have an important exposure to tourism. We have all that redevelopment in 2020 that's ongoing, that takes properties down. I mean, at a mall, at Northgate that did $18 million of NOI, it does zero, zero today. I mean, zero. And we accelerated it and we have development rights that could make that property worth $1 billion. Again, we don't have throwaway years, Alex, as you know. And so, yes, this year will be not as robust growth as maybe some of the years in the past. That doesn't mean we're bracing, no bracing here, not in our vocabulary.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Rich Hill: Hey, David. Good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Rich Hill: Just one quick clarification. I think what you said was F21 is still in the pool. It's just a lower tenant and therefore, should we assume F21 as a tenant, is included in the 2020 FFO guide?
David Simon: Yes, yes. We and others adjusted the rent for the fourth quarter. And because of the base rent, it's number 11 or 12. What is it?
Brian McDade: Number 12.
David Simon: 12. They're 12. Forever 21 is in our top 12. Okay.
Rich Hill: Got it. That's helpful. Thats why I promised you that's the last question. I'm going to ask about Forever 21.
David Simon: No problem. We have no problem with any questions anybody wants to ask.
Rich Hill: Sure. And so, actually just staying along this line of your investments in retailers and I appreciate why they've been really attractive investments for you. So two questions. First of all, are these held in the TRS? I think they are. And then number two, do you have a sense for how high you could go with your retail investments before you got up your non-REIT limit in the TRS?
David Simon: Yes, they are in our TRS. And there's a lot going on, technically, about this that the NAREIT's working on. And I'll just defer that, because it's a little arcane. But we've got plenty of room and given that it's in our TRS, we've got plenty of room that we're not going to -- there's no issue about maintaining REIT status about income or gross asset test and all this -- all of it, all of the various REIT tests that you have to meet. So, we've got plenty of room to run.
Rich Hill: Yes. And I was really saying that not from -- are you hitting the limit, but it seems like this is an attractive investment pool that might warrant some further consideration in the future.
David Simon: Yes, look, I think, we -- I guess, Rich, what I'd say to you, we're grounded in real estate, but we have over time found that we can do other things reasonably well and that is our goal to do that. We've had success, we haven't been perfect. And if we do end up buying with Brookfield and Authentic Brands Group, Forever 21, I mean, obviously, that's going to be a lot of work. That is a big restructure ahead of us and that we'll want to make sure that that's done right, and there are no guarantees on that. So don't expect another retailer that will pop up until we get that stabilized. But at the same time, we're always looking at additional investments. I mean, we're very excited about the long-term prospects that we have with our -- basically, our merger with RGG. And we're just starting that whole process and that's a whole another avenue for this company in terms of e-commerce and tenant relationships and retailer loyalty, and all the other stuff that comes with that. And we're just -- that we literally just closed in November. And we merged our operations into those and they're just starting to improve our shop premium marketplace. So, I mean, there is a lot of growth ahead of that as well. And then you've got all of the mixed-use stuff that we're doing, whether it's Northgate, whether it's Phipps. You go down the list. I mean, there is a lot going on and that's why we feel good about where we're positioned.
Rich Hill: Got it. And just two final things for me on Forever 21. I know I told you I wouldn't ask about it again, but I can't help myself. Your 50% investment, should we think about that as 50% on top of your 25% investment and top of your 50% investment in ABG? Would that 50% include the look-through on ABG?
David Simon: No, no, no. It's just  it's actually a little under 50% to be technical, it's approximately 50%. No, that's a separate standalone entity. It has nothing to do with our investment. And we  our  we only own around a little over 6% of ABG. Okay.
Rich Hill: Okay. Got it. And then, you didn't buy back any shares this quarter, despite what the stock price has done. Is that just a simple capital allocation decision given your discussions you are having on F2021?
David Simon: No. I just think, we got busy and no real good reason. Obviously  unfortunately, we made the right choice not to buy it back, right. But I just think we were busy in the fourth quarter and everything else.
Rich Hill: Got it. Touche. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
David Simon: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is now open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Just going back to the guidance. Can we get what the total NOI growth embedded is? And as well, are there any one-time charges that are dragging down the FFO number?
David Simon: No, not that  nothing material, no.
Nick Yulico: And what about the total NOI growth number?
David Simon: We  this is what we gave. It is consistent with our past practice.
Nick Yulico: Okay. I guess, I'm just wondering if there was anything else that's  if the number is going to be similar to your comp NOI number like it's been or?
David Simon: Yeah. I mean, look, I think, on some of these that are in our non-comp pool, we have this downtime that I've alluded to. I mean, I  we can quantify it for you, but we all kind of put it in the blender. And that's where our guidance is. I mean, we had significant  put it this way, we expect in 2021 to generate around $70 million of additional NOI and most of that is still dealing with our downtime. Now, we've got expansions that are opening up worldwide, which usually come in. The strategy there is a little bit different. Lease-up is not 95%, tends to be a little bit lower. So, we just have one of these years that because of all the activity you're not  it's not manifesting itself in the growth, but we don't have a throwaway, yet we're still going to grow our earnings. We're still going to grow our dividend. We're still going to have the best balance sheet. We are still going to make these fund investments. We're still going to keep moving the portfolio. And it's just  I mean, the people do have a year that doesn't necessarily have terrific growth, because we're making all these investments. It's  you see it elsewhere. We were a static company, I get it, but we're not. We're really busy. Does that help?
Nick Yulico: Yeah. And then, David, it is helpful to get that $70 million benefit to NOI in 2021 from the redevelopments coming online later this year. I guess, what we don't know is what this ongoing drag from redevelopment could be? Meaning that, is that going to be purely a benefit in 2021, or are there still some of this redevelopment downtime to deal with? And I guess, I'm wondering at some point, would you think about maybe providing some sort of NOI bridge? I mean, it's something the office REITs have done to deal with lumpiness and tenant move-outs and tenants being refilled. And I think it would be pretty helpful to understand what that, how that plays out to get to the growth of the company over the next couple of years.
David Simon: Yeah. I mean, it's possible. We don't we  like people just have seen, what we're doing and then the results of it manifests itself. But this is an active year of investment and redevelopment and the growth will have some impact to do that. We've also had a history of outperforming our guidance. And I mean, let's face it, we're being conservative. There is a lot of noise around the world from an economic. And obviously, it's an election year. We've got this terrible situation on the virus, and we don't know what that means. So, there is a lot  there is a lot going on. But I'll go back to  I think Alex had phrased. I mean, we're investing in the future and we feel really good about kind of all the stuff that we're doing and it will manifest itself in 2021 and beyond. But like Phipps  I mean, Phipps is a great example. I mean, the malls torn up and that stuff is going to come on late 2021. So that's not even in that number. So, but your point is valid. We've never wanted to do that because we've never wanted to have people think we're having a throwaway year, but this will be somewhat of a year of investment. And that happens with, I mean, it's happened with them, nothing compares to Amazon, but it's happened with the big companies that say, yeah, they are investment, I mean. So that's what we're doing. We'll see where it shakes out. Not unusual.
Nick Yulico: All right. Thanks, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Mueller: Yeah. Hi. Just a quick one. Were the rent spread trends in the fourth quarter outside of Forever 21 stable? Would you characterizing this?
David Simon : Yeah. We had a very -- we had a -- like I said, we underperformed in our overage all year with the outlet business and they had a really good fourth quarter. It just didn't -- if you understand how overage works, you've got to get over the break point and you've got to do it. So we caught up on that. We actually were underperforming all the way through the fourth quarter. They had a very good fourth quarter. We didn't see any real retailer changes too much, and I think sales were pretty good and we leased up space. We didn't think we would get to 95. We got a little over 95 once. So, I think we had a pretty good fourth quarter, all things considered. I mean, again, I don't do your models, but I look at -- I know my business pretty well. And the reality is that I think we had a pretty good fourth quarter.
Michael Mueller: Got it. And then I think you mentioned you could quantify the redevelopment drag on that 1% same-store outlook. Can you do that?
David Simon : Yeah. We will do that at some point.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Could you share with us some very broad steps you took to get Aero EBITDA positive and how these processes might translate to getting Forever 21 in a similar place? I mean in your opinion, is retail distress somewhat formulaic and what's holding back retailers from fixing themselves?
David Simon : Well, every retailer has its own particular sort of issues. I think Forever 21, really the biggest issue that it had historically was that it took its eye off the ball, primarily because of the international growth. And then it created another brand that took its eye off the ball and then, obviously, the store size got too big. So, we are really good at sourcing and that's where Authentic Brands Group is fantastic at sourcing product. We think in Forever 21's case, it was fast-fashion and the time that we got for delivery of goods would shock you in terms of how long it took. So, we kind of took the fast-fashion out of fashion. And obviously, Forever 21 -- or I'm sorry, ABG's graded branding. I mean if you look at -- we're an investor in Sports Illustrated. They bought the Sports Illustrated IP. If you have seen kind of how they've already created all the buzz around Sports Illustrated, it's a great example of what they do. You look at how they branded Shaquille O'Neal as an example. That's what they do. So, they bring all that marketing and the brand awareness expertise to bear. We did the same thing with Aero. So each year -- you have to diagnose the problem. There is a lot to restructure at F21. On the other hand, it is a brand that does close to $2 billion of volume, even with the -- all that's going on. So, I mean that was what we looked at Aero. When Aero -- when we took it over $900 million, we are talking about $50 million business. So that gives us -- it gives us a comfort and it's sourcing, marketing, it's better efficient, more organizations, better technology. And it's just common sense being better operator and between the -- our and it's also being an owner that can withstand just -- withstand stock, right. So, you don't panic. And you just -- you keep your head down and you keep plowing. We did that with Aero. We told Aero we don't care about comp NOI, comp sales. What we care about is building the business for the future, focus on EBITDA margins, focus on gross margins, focus on increasing the quality of the product and we don't care about comp sales. Now, it's a little bit like our business. There is a too much of a focus on quarter-to-quarter comp NOI growth. We get it. We focus on it because we love cash flow. But at the same time, we've got to make investments for the future that will accelerate that comp. There is no difference. The only difference is that we don't panic and others do. And that's why we're here calm about it.
Linda Tsai: Do you think the timeframe for getting Forever 21 EBITDA positive will be similar to that of Aero?
David Simon: I would say that -- it's a good question. And I would say, it's a little more complicated in a little bigger business. And it depends on whether one or two of my guys are going to spend all this time in Los Angeles. So, I'm negotiating it right now, Linda. Stay tuned.
Linda Tsai: Then just one other follow-up, given this environment of closures, how are you thinking about the credit worthiness of the new tenants you're signing on? What sort of process do you go through to get comfort around their brand relevance and stability and liquidity?
David Simon: Well historically, we've been very focused on that. We're very  we are very -- look, that's not to say, we don't take flyers here and there. But we're probably -- if you asked around, we're probably as thoughtful on that as anybody in our industry. And it's very important to us, especially if we make any kind of tenant improvements. We're very focused on payback and credit worthiness. We don't bet a thousand there, but we are -- it's extremely important to us.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Simon: Hello? Okay. Let's go to next.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So first one is on redevelopment. Looking ahead to 2021, and what appears to be a positive inflection in your earnings growth, helped by the expansion of the redevelopment last year up to, I think was $1.8 billion well above the one point, the lower ones if you via graph couple of years. And hopefully, some of that incremental NOI growth can help change that narrative around the stock. So, I guess my question is on the sizing of the pipeline beyond this year. Your intention to keep the redevelopment pipeline size around where it is, you know that $1.8 billion where it's been over the past year. Are you more inclined on reducing that back to the level that you've run over the past few years in the low $1 billion and maybe preserving more cash flow for other uses and potentially unanticipated other tenant events or even opportunistic investments?
David Simon: Well, again, a good question. I would say to you, just wonder because of our diversity in product type, geography, etcetera every incremental investment can and will stand on its own. So, we don't feel compelled to save an asset because we're worried about the -- hitting our numbers or anything else. So, we're making all of these investments with an eye toward incremental return. And we do expect, as we said, historically, yeah, we're going to be busy because we're going to get the ability to get a lot of great real estate back hopefully at reasonable prices that we can add accretive returns to. So, I don't view it as a zero-sum game. And I also don't think that it's -- that we don't have the -- firepower to make this additional investments outside of our, what I'd say, our core businesses. So -- but the important thing is, I don't feel compelled to say, oh, this small, if I don't do this, I got to do a low return deal. Just to say that, I mean the reality is, if it ain't worth, then we don't invest and it's not going to -- it's not going to -- it's not going to really cause too much of a debt from it. So -- and we are looking at other investments that are outside of kind of the traditional bricks and mortar and I think we'll continue to do that. But we'll also continue to make investments in brick and mortar because there's -- nothing has changed about it. It's a good business. It's just -- yeah, it's -- we are running through a cycle here that's not as robust as what it's been in the past. But you've got to remember, we've been doing this for a long time and we've weathered the different storms.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Got it. Thank you for that. Second question is on the 2020 guide. For another income, is there anything contemplated in the guide for other income, anything that could materially move that FFO guide this year one way or the other? And G&A, it looks like it was down $10 million last year. What's embedded in the guide for G&A this year? Thank you.
David Simon: Sure. G&A is similar to what fourth quarter is. So right guidance, yeah. And I -- we don't have anything real extraordinary in other income in 2021 that's quite unusual. As you know, we had the big settlement from the insurance company of Opry in 2019 in the first quarter. So that will  our first quarter compare to first quarter of Q1, 2020, will look different than Q1 of 2019 because that's when we got the settlement from Opry Mills. It only took us seven years, eight years. Okay. That's another story.
Haendel St. Juste: All right. Thank you.
David Simon: No worries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks a lot. Good morning out there. When I look at your lease expirations for 2020, it doesn't seem like you made much headway. It's just one quarter from -- going from 3Q to 4Q. But it went down 30 basis points. When I look at last year, you made much more headwind or headway closer towards 100 basis points. Like I said, I know it's just one quarter, but I was just curious if there's anything to read into that or are you kind of just making decision a little bit later?
David Simon: No, it's just process and there is absolutely nothing to read into that. It's all process, no issue.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just going back to Forever 21. You talked about the flywheel and I think we all get it. But that's why it was also very different for a Simon owned store versus if it was owned by a different landlord. So, how do you balance those things?
David Simon: We -- look, I think the only history we really have on that is Aero. And I think if you ask the other landlord, they said, we were great partners. So no issue there. Interesting question. But we really -- I mean, every store at Aero basically stood on its own. We were not really involved in it. That was all delegated to the team, the operating team at Aero. So, we did not get involved in that. I think at F21, to the extent that we get it, we'll adopt a similar thing. And we, in fact, at Aero -- at Forever 21 because of the need to move probably a little quicker than at Aero and the case is moving a little bit quicker. We'll probably hire a third-party just to go do it.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
Vince Tibone: Good morning. You mentioned earlier you have 15 former department store redevelopment projects underway with the total expected spend about $850 million, so that equates to about $55 million per box. I'm just thinking about longer term CapEx need, is $55 million per department store box a fair assumption?
David Simon: No. And you can't get out of it. That math you really can't do. And I think that it's not -- Vince, I would say to you, it's not necessarily CapEx. It's incremental opportunity. So -- and I've said this before. But just to put it in perspective, if we don't own the department store and that department store owns 10 acres, then we just now have 10 new acres that we -- that we can develop. It's not like, when we take CapEx, people think new roof, new tile, new this, new that. It's incremental opportunity because we don't necessarily control that space. And even if we were on a long-term lease, to the extent that we've got that lease, we now control their space. So it's new incremental space that we did, in other words, so -- 
Vince Tibone: Right. But I'm just trying to get a sense of -- so that includes probably a lot of other non-retail uses. So, what would be a fair run rate of just trying to think about longer term if we're expecting more department stores to close? I mean just from a -- maybe not from a CapEx burden perspective, but just how much capital you're going to have to spend every year to keep -- to unlock these opportunities? That's what I'm trying to get at more than anything.
David Simon: Well, look, I think what you should do, we can give you order of magnitude. I mean, I can do a check in personnel, but I might bore you. You can call up -- you can call up Tom. And yes, what would be in order of magnitude? Like, take an example of Phipps. Phipps is $300 plus million. Okay. Midland Park, Texas was $5 million. So it's all over the place. But if you want -- the best thing for you to do, Vince, to get a handle on it is that, Northgate, we could spend $600 million, $700 million at Northgate. So certain boxes are $10 million. Just take a box over, re-lease it, that kind of thing. So really, really is real estate specific. But maybe you go through our 8-K and Tom could give you order of magnitude. But Phipps is a great example. It's a former department store that was on lease, where we let them terminate the lease for payment and then we're spending literally $300 million in -- little over $300 million to build a hotel, office and Life Time and additional retail, all in that same spot. And so that can skew numbers pretty significantly.
Vince Tibone: No, that makes sense. That's really helpful. Can you just discuss quickly how the overage rent thresholds are reset each year? Just trying to get a sense of like the lower percentage rents paid in 2019, creates an easier comp for 2020 or that's not the case, they kind of increase by a fixed amount each year?
David Simon: It usually kind of balances out. So, there's not a lot of volatility. Other than the outlet business, a number of our bigger retailers, they are basically on percentage rent with a very low base. So that's the one that tends to have a little more volatility. In the mall business, we tend to mark the real estate. If they're in overage, we tend to get that as it renews and then others come in. So it's relatively traffic consistent. So, you have overage and then they go -- their leases expire. You go to basically overage, plus the base rent to get to the total rent and then whole another slew of retailers will go into overage. The outlets tend to be a little longer leases, a little lower base. And therefore, they don't have as much turn. So therefore, the overage rent tends to be a little more volatile in terms of what the math ends up in.
Vince Tibone: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Yeah. No worries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Christy McElroy: Hey. Thanks for the follow-up. Just a follow-up on Forever 21. Sorry. Just in terms of the approach to making these retailers profitable again and sort of solidifying the business, there's a going concern. You answered Linda's question. But how does your approach differ and is perhaps much healthier for retailing longer term than the traditional private equity approach to retailer turnarounds? And in addition to store closures and the efficiency, and technology, and marketing and operations that you discussed, do you look to convert rents to sort of percentage sales for a period of time to get landlords more in partnership with these retailers?
David Simon: I would say it depends on the scenario. I think, F21, to stabilize it, we might have to do that for a period of time. At Aero, we -- they did a lot of the work on the landlords free during the bankruptcy process. Aero was a little quicker. So, we don't have a lot of time to do it. They did initial things. So it depends on -- it really depends on the scenario. And it's certainly a tool that's available to us. And there's ways to handle it, I think, the landlord community will support us to the extent that we're successful in the auction.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then, just a follow-up on Vince's CapEx question to you. You had about $192 million of TIs at share in 2019, close to $1 billion of redevelopment and development spend. How should we think about that capital outlay in 2020, as we look at use of free cash flow, especially as the turnover is elevated and could push up TIs, and with everything that you have in the value creation pipeline coming on later this year and into 2021?
David Simon: Yeah. I mean, look, I think the TIs went up by $20 million. So, yes, to me that's not going to really change. We're doing more restaurants, a little more entertainment, so you see. The other thing that really spikes that number was we did a number of, kind of, best of brands luxury retailers and I don't want to name names. But they tend to have great build out. It's great for the properties, but you -- kind of the uber luxury folks, their investment in their stores tends to be a little bit higher. So, I think you get -- we did some great work last year on that. So, we're seeing a little bit of a spike, but the TIs not really much of an issue and the development, again I don't know what else to tell you other than that we are going to have these opportunities from department stores. We think they are, net-net, it's going to be beneficial to our company and to the existing real estate. And the role that we play in the community is unbelievable. So, give you an example, between sales tax and real estate taxes at a place like Roosevelt Field, we pay $135 million and the warehouse down the street pays basically nothing. We did a study that said warehouse and distributions pay less than one-tenth of what we pay in real estate taxes. So, that's what's interesting. We're making these places better for the community, better for the taxpayers. We have a -- we're doing -- believe it or not, we're doing specific duties that others aren't in terms of what -- as you know, we do believe strongly and we refute others that suggest otherwise. But we do think we provide a greener atmosphere for commerce and there's just so much we're doing that that it's maybe not necessarily appreciated. But we know what we're doing for these communities. We know what we're doing for the taxes for sales and real estate taxes. And we're also making our real estate better and that's fine. We'll take that responsibility on.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, David. It's Michael Bilerman speaking. Earlier in the call, you talked about buying real estate that bricks and mortar, obviously, still has a great future. And that's -- you're not going to deviate from that. And when buying makes sense, you would do it, sort of paraphrasing a comment you made. There was a headline that came across on Bloomberg during the call that you potentially had merger talk with Taubman and that eventually broke off given the market volatility. Can you comment on that, please?
David Simon: What would you -- you know we don't comment. But -- we don't comment on those market rumors. I haven't seen it. We've been busy on this call. So, I'm not sure what you're referring to but we'll check it out.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Yeah. It's always just helpful to get the views on whether something could happen or not. And I know the stock buyback wasn't happening during the fourth quarter. So, I assumed whether there were something else going on that would have done that.
Brian McDade: No, we, obviously made the right trade. The stock went down. So, we can buy it cheaper now.
Michael Bilerman: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Sorry about the earlier technical difficulties. I guess, David, just to maybe piggyback or ask Michael's question a little differently. Just in terms of like acquisition opportunities. Obviously, there is really a lack of capital that's devoted to the mall space today. Everybody is kind of fleet on the institutional side. Are there opportunities that you see to potentially deploy capital outside of your existing portfolio?
David Simon: Well, I would say you, generally, yes. I mean, we've intended -- we would tend to -- I mean, I think they're worldwide. I mean retail real estate is way out of favor worldwide, not just in the U.S. And as you know, we've built our company to do this. We don't have to do that. We've got lots of -- if anything on this call, I know it's dragged on here; it's like a college football game. But we -- I feel really good about where we're at. So, we don't have to -- on the other hand, as I said earlier, we zig when others zag or we zag when others zig. And sometimes, we usually land on our feet, not always. But we -- our industry is way out of favor worldwide, that's interesting to note. But we know what these properties generally mean to the community, and to the consumer, and to the retailer. Bricks-and-mortar are important. This real estate is greatly located. So -- and then we have kind of all the other stuff that we're doing in conjunction with our core business and it's a unique time for us to think what we want to do in the future.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then, not to beat the dead horse on the earnings guidance in the lost income. But I do think it would be helpful to the extent that you have intentionally take properties offline, similar to what you did in Northgate last year. I think it would just be helpful to kind of know what that drag is within your guidance number this year. Is it a couple of pennies? Is it a nickel? Is it a dime? I think, just kind of frame out kind of why -- when you look apples-to-apples at the midpoint, guidance is down a little bit.
Brian McDade: Yeah. Look, I think that's a good point. We try to do that, maybe not as artfully as we should have, but we try to do it by showing to you that we're going to have a $70 million pick up next year when the stuff comes online. But I guess, what we didn't do is give you a sense of the decrease that we have this year. But I'd just tell you that Northgate certainly -- it's a good example. That was a property doing 15, 16, 17, 18 in that range and it's basically going to be zero for the next future. That won't pick up in 2021 because it's a long-term project, but will be great in the future. And it is also paid. So, we've got a property here that we could add to uses incrementally depending on demand. So it's not like, we did over our fees, the best of all worlds.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. That's it for me. Thanks.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Mueller: Hey, I'm going to try to get out of the queue.
David Simon: Hope, we didn't offend you. Take care.
Michael Mueller: That's okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. You line is now open.
David Simon: I think Rich stopped, too. Okay. I think that's it. Thank you for your time and interest. And we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Third Quarter 2019 Simon Property Group, Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Sydney. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President; also on the call are Rick Sokolov, Vice-Chairman; Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR Website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Okay. Good morning. We had a very busy and productive quarter, and very pleased with our financial results. Results of the quarter were highlighted by funds from operation of $1.081 billion, or $3.05 per share. We achieved this consensus this quarter even with certain unanticipated retail of bankruptcies, reduced property level NOI from the acceleration of properties undergoing significant redevelopment such as Northgate compared to our budgets. Reduced overage rents from tourism spending, including the negative impact from the continued strong U.S. dollar and lower distribution income from certain international investments. We continue to grow our cash flow and report solid key operating metrics. Comp NOI increased 1.6% for the third quarter and total portfolio increased 1.3% for the quarter. Portfolio NOI was negatively impacted by 50 basis points due to properties undergoing significant redevelopment and the unfavorable FX impact due to the continuing strong dollar. Year-to-date comp NOI has increased 1.7%. Retail bankruptcies negatively impacted our comp NOI by over 100 basis points in the third quarter. As a reminder, our Japan Premium Outlets and designer outlets in Europe produce over $1000 in retail sales per square foot, and all of our 26 international outlets excluding Canada, which is in our basically North American portfolio generated comp NOI growth of 6.3% on a constant currency basis, which as a reminder is not included in our comp NOI, and if you did that, we'd be well over 2%. Retail sales momentum accelerated in the third quarter. Reported retail sales per square foot for malls and outlets was $680 compared to $650 per foot, an increase of 4.5%. Leasing activity remains solid, average base minimal rent was $54.55. The malls and Premium Outlets recorded leasing spread of $12.10, an increase of 22.2%. Our malls and outlets occupancy end of the quarter, 94.7% an increase of 30 basis points compared to occupancy at the end of the second quarter. And again, tenant bankruptcies affected that by roughly 60 basis points. On an NOI weighted basis, excluding our international outlets, which I discussed above, we reported were as follows. Reported retailer sales on an NOI weighted basis is $867 compared to $680 per foot. NOI weighted sales growth was 6.1% year-over-year compared to 4.5%. As mentioned, occupancy is 95.8% compared to 94%. Average base minimum rent is $73.14 compared to the $54.55 number and our weighted comp NOI growth would be 2.7%. We started construction on new Premium Outlet in Tulsa, Oklahoma scheduled to open in the spring of 2021. Construction continues on four other new international outlet developments, Malaga, Spain, Bangkok, Thailand, West Midlands England, and not to forget Normandy, France, which we expect to be a terrific new outlet center. We had a very busy quarter in terms of completion of redevelopment projects, in particular, expansions on several of our high performing international outlets. We opened -- including two in South Korea and one in Vancouver out -- Vancouver designer outlet in Canada. During the quarter, we started construction on our significant redevelopment at Tacoma mall. And at the end of the third quarter, we have 30 properties across all of our platforms in the U.S. and internationally with the share of the net costs of approximately $1.4 billion. And as a reminder, this is being funded by our internally generated cash flow. We announced and as you are aware, we closed on our new venture with the Rue Gilt Group to combine our shop premium outlets marketplace with RGGs highly successful Rue La La and Gilt creating a new multi-platform dedicated to digital value shopping. We're very excited to expand our omnichannel capabilities in partnership with our RGG, which is a very profitable company with significant sales. Our industry leading capabilities in the physical outlet space combined with RGGs exceptional e-commerce success will give shoppers and enhance access to the world's best brands and most compelling deals, both online and in-store. You saw the announcement this week regarding strategic investments. I won't belabor that other than we're very excited about the transactions that we're investing in Lifetime, Fitness, Pin Stripes, SOHO, PARM, Sports Illustrated, Allied esports. You can now for those of you that really like gaming, please enter the Simon cup. We encourage you to do so. You'll have a lot of fun, but I will not be funding the analyst, it's in fact one of you win. Look for us to open Sports Illustrated, Sports Gaming Restaurants in the future. So now balance sheet. We completed three tranche senior notes, totaling $3.5 billion at the coupon rate of 2.61%, average weighted turns of 15.9 years are offering marked industry milestones prior to our issuance no real estate company had ever issued 1.25 billion of 30-year bonds in a single issuance, and the interest rate for each of the tranches was the lowest achieved by any real estate company for similar notes. We in October completed our four early redemptions of our senior notes, totaling $2.6 billion and during the quarter, we repurchased one point 1 15 million shares. After the bond redemptions, our liquidity stands at 7 billion, balance sheets in great shape. We announced a dividend of $2.10 per share, a 5% increase year-over-year. Well pay $8.30 per share in dividends in 2019. That's an increase of 5.1% compared to all of last year. We've grown the dividend more than 8% over the last few years. And as a reminder, our annualized dividend yield is greater than 5% which is more than 350 basis points higher than the 10-year Treasury which is it at basically at a record spread were more than 1.5 times covered in terms of our dividend coverage by our FFO, and we've paid out since we've been public now well over $30 billion, a lot of dough. Now just to update finally. Guidance is $12 to $12.05, which is an increase of $0.03 from the bottom end of the range after giving effect to the $0.33 debt extinguishment charge as we outlined for you when we did our notes deal a month or so ago. So that's it. We're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt: Oh great. Thank you. I just wanted to touch a little bit. I mean you've been very active in terms of developing your experience for tenants for your assets. And I just wonder, how high could you be taking this penetration in the next say two or three years?
David Simon: Well I would say to you the level of interest and new retailers in this category continues to amaze us. They actually are very interested in our real estate. So despite the negative narrative that you see from the general media, they all want to locate in the mall, and in our real estate, and I think we're just at the beginning of that. So I continue to expect us to redevelop our assets with those kind of retailers significantly over the next decade.
Craig Schmidt: Yes I was just thinking about the Southdale where you replacing a appendix with the lifetime assets. What kind of lift could that give to that center?
David Simon: Significant. I mean, they -- they'll have 5000 members. They're great for the community. They are without question the best operator of a lifetime resort. In that whole industry they blow everybody away. They're great partners, good friends. And we expect continued growth there. They reinforce our real estate as a place for the community. And I couldn't be prouder working with them side by side and as partners. They also have. They also have a world class shareholder base. So that's as we create kind of the next generation of our company. We're associating ourselves with world class entrepreneurs, partners, investors. We could sit here and talk about selling an outlet for a million dollars, but I encourage you to think about our company differently.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And just lastly, I know we've touched on this. You're saying that human resources and permits are probably more of a generator than your access to capital. But then are you thinking you might have to accelerate some of your capital spend in the next few years, just given the redovs and developments you're doing, and you seem to continue to be on pace for whether it's the new developments and in the European outlets etcetera.
David Simon: I think, it's going to be relatively you know within you know margin of error relatively consistent with what we've been doing the last couple of years, correct. So we're spending a billion to a billion and a half per year, that's not going to jump up to two and a half billion just because of what I would you know because of some of the constraints that we have. Not financially, but just you know execution. So I would expect us to continue to be in that range over the next few years.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. I appreciate it. Thanks.
David Simon: Yes sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Bilerman: Hey its Michael Bilerman here for Christy. David because you know I just picked up our gold cards, but I don't think we're going to win. Our kids probably have a better chance of doing that than we do.
David Simon: Again, I would, get one of your kids to enter it and then they may have a better shot than you Michael.
Michael Bilerman: Exactly. If you think about all these investments that you're making, a lot of the consumer facing brands and you talked a little bit about you went through the list on the call. You know as reported in the press, the full House, SOHO House one was about a$100 million. How should we think about the totality of capital that you have out today across all of these different investments? If you look at the balance sheet, I'm not sure if it's in the other assets category, but if it is, that that totality is gone from 1.2 billion up to 1.8 over the course of the nine months. Can you give us a little bit of a sense of the total money that you've put out across all of these different exciting adventures?
David Simon: Yes, First of all, just to clarify the increase in the other assets is basically because writing up the leases to value. I mean that's the biggest because of the new accounting rules. That's the biggest change. Okay, so you can't go from that number to what we've invested by any stretch of imagination. So that's number one. Number two is to the extent that we reach materiality. We're obviously going to have to disclose that in our financial statements in our Q and our K. So the other assets is just so you know is basically the increase in those -- for what. And it's, driving up and that's $525 million roughly when you have to write up your leases to market with the new accounting rules. Okay. So we have not reached the, I would say it this way, we certainly have not reached our investment, our outside investments to the level of materiality. That's the first point. Second is I look at it, our embedded, and we basically reinvesting our embedded gains that we have in Aero in ABG and some of the other Venture Group investments into some of these things. So right now we're playing with the houses money and it's not material. I don't think the SOHO House number is right. So, just I'm not going to go through each one at each level, again I encourage everybody try to think about us a little bit differently, but what we're doing is we're making these investments to learn. So that we're going to be number one a better company. Two is creating investments with great partners, with great entrepreneurs, with great shareholders, I think is going to exponentially increase our opportunities both in our physical and ultimately in the online world. And the level of activity that we are seeing it's just very encouraging is all I can tell you, I mean I think where we're at the epicenter of kind of physical online world, Entertainment creating kind of the next generation destination center and it's, we're all trying to put it together, but we're not. At this point simple thing to think about is make sure you understand, you know that on the deferred assets. Number one. Number two is make sure you understand we're not at the materiality level. And number three is, it's basically we're rolling the embedded gains. The way I think about it as our role in the embedded gains in our future investments. But we're also making these not as a learning experience because who cares about learning. We're doing it to make money and I expect all of these to pay off in the future.
Michael Bilerman: David, you've obviously been critical to the company's success for well over 25 years. You signed your last retention employment agreement back in 2011 that expired back in July. Where do things stand in terms of you going without an employment agreement at this point, or is that still being worked on?
David Simon: I have no employment agreement.
Michael Bilerman: So you'll just be an employee at will, with everybody else.
David Simon: That's the way it's shaping up. Yes, thats the answer.
Michael Bilerman: Christy has a question too.
Christy McElroy: Hey David, good morning. You mentioned the 100 basis point impact I think to comp NOI from bankruptcies in Q3. Just to try to get a sense for the impacts that have already incurred been incurred in Q3, versus what could be incremental in Q4. Just with regard to the Forever 21 bankruptcy filing, was there any reserve in the revenue line and impact to same store for non-payment of prepetition rent? And have you seen any impact thus far from Barneys or Kitchen Collection at this point?
David Simon: Not at this point. I mean, we don't really go through each and every retailer. I don't think it's fair given the size of our company for us to talk about specific retailers. I want to differ on that. But the reality is we have these we've updated our guidance, we've narrowed the range and all of that kind of embedded in that. So you know, I think the important point is, a number of these were unanticipated from our budget, we told you what our budget was at the beginning of the year. We don't update our comp NOI as you know. And we would have well outperformed it. We still, you know, the biggest variable, we've got right now is still the overage rent in our tourist centers. And we'll see how the fourth quarter shakes out to me that's the bigger variable than anything else, but all of kind of all of the noise that is out there from certain retailers is kind of embedded in our guidance for the year.
Christy McElroy: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good morning. I guess David, maybe you or Rick could just talk about sort of the leasing pipeline and the momentum and as you think about 2020 and kind of where you sit in terms of leasing for next year and just the tenant demand. How would you sort of describe the environment today versus say a year ago, and how do you sort of feel like you're shaping up on 2020 expirations?
Rick Sokolov: Steve, its Rick. In fact, David and I have just slogged through twelve hour days going property by property, and frankly the environment is still strong. There are a lot of tenants that want to access our properties across all three platforms. We are doing a whole lot of leasing. So far this year, we've got almost 10 and a half million square feet. You see our rents are up. Our spreads are up, and in a lot of instances spaces that we're getting back, we're putting in more productive tenants at higher rents.
David Simon: I would just say look, next year -- I think -- we obviously you know it does take time. We did where we are having a high bankruptcy year. I mean, there's no denying that. I mean you know I mean it were so, but as we put together our plan for next year, I think we'll be -- I think we'll be okay. And we're hustling. We're finding new tenants. The biggest setback that I see for next year is not so much replacing the bankruptcy, but really getting our redevelopment pipe open. We've got it. We have taken a step back this year, a reasonable level of cash flow. Forget whether it's comp or whatever, however, you want to describe it.  But we've taken a reasonable step back this year because of taking down properties to redevelop, and you know and we are -- we are never a company that does. I've seen so many companies throw away the year and say, well we'll get back to 2021, we'll get back in 2022 we do not do that. So the reality is, we're going to come in with comp NOI thats going to be not so bad, its a little variable as I have described repeatedly, with our you know the tourism slowdown, which you know we pointed out six month  three, six months ago, and now you see it across the board for both retailers and companies that are -- had exposure to tourism and the strong dollar. But we are still going to deliver comp NOI growth that's not going to be that, you know is one of my heroes would say not too shabby. Next year, we've got a lot of  we don't give guidance until as you know end of January. I think it'll be fine even with, even with the bankruptcies that we've got to lease up, and the fact that we're still in a massive redevelopment number. And that stuff the redevelopment takes time, and we are in that we are in that business. We're not in that -- but we don't have throwaway years, Steve you know that about us.
Steve Sakwa: No. Look I appreciate that. I guess again, not I guess trying to delve a little bit onto the redevelopment and just thinking about sort of next year and some of the headwinds you're taking down Northgate this year, I mean, do you sort of think about, I guess those types of projects that have negatively impacted. Do you expect those to continue? Number one. And then as you just sort of think about the list of bankruptcies this year, and you sort of think about possibilities for next year. Does the list of potential bankruptcies next year look a lot smaller than maybe it did a year ago?
David Simon: No, I think -- listen, I think we're flushing through most of the dues. Okay. So, I actually think you know now who knows, I mean but I think we're kind of reaching bottom and 18 on that stuff or 19 on that stuff. It's rivaling what happened in 17. So it's not like something that we haven't experienced before. But we know what we have to do, and again, I don't want to get ahead of our guidance, but I don't think, I don't think you're not going to see a dramatic, Oh my God from us. Okay, when we present our plan.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi. Good morning. Your third quarter same-store NOI growth of up 1.6% seems like it's the best in the mall sector, so I was just wondering if you guys could go through any thoughts you have on how you're able to differentiate yourself on a scale helping the mix of property types or something else?
David Simon: Well, I mean I think it's not. If you look over a long period of time, I mean, I think we've done that for a number of years. So I don't really. I don't know, I mean it's a function. We have good people, good assets with diversified not tied in one particular regional place. And again I just want to know the fact of the matters that we put in our international business, which we really don't have. We thought we're thinking about it, but we don't want to confuse people. So, I mean we'd be well over 2% comp NOI growth. And don't forget about our international business, its 26 assets again exclude Canada because we have put Canada in our premium outlet business from the get-go. So I don't know I just, you know, it's, we're focused on the business and running the day to day, the best that we can. So I don't really want to compare contrast. But I think it's not, it's not, this isn't like a first quarter, this isn't the first time we've done that, I guess is what I want to say, right Rick?.
Rick Sokolov: Exactly. Listen, we grind every nickel everybody pays attention to every aspect of our business. On the income side and the expense side, and we've been doing it for a very long time, very consistently and we intend to continue to do it.
David Simon: Yes, I can give you here is the culture. So we go through every asset while we're planning, we were here till 9 o'clock last night. We're not sitting here, planning, how we're going to communicate. Maybe we should because sometimes we garble the message. While all the time, maybe. So we've been in the last two days going through, this is we're going through our mall portfolio today than next week we go through the international business and each category have offered Bilerman to come here and see it. But Ward telling me not to do that again. But the reality is we are doing that nine. We did it all day Monday to nine. We do it all day today, we're right after this call. We're doing it. There is no downtime. We're not planning how to communicate what we're doing, we're just doing and that's the culture..
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Okay. And then I was wondering, maybe if you guys could talk about the new outlet in Oklahoma that you're working on. Just what pre-leasing has been like, and what other retail options kind of are in the area?
David Simon: Well we have a very good mall there. It is the -- you know I mean not not to dwell too much on demographics, but it's the largest trade area without a without an outlet center. And we've been working on it for a while and you know based on our success in Denver and tenant demand, we feel extremely confident we're going to be able to liberate for a good return in a -- in a very good market. I mean Tulsa is a very good market with good income demographics, and I think it's kind of a. It's really our bread and butter. We don't honestly, if we have to pre lease, we're not the kind of company we need to be. So we don't really pre lease so to speak, but we're very confident then that we'll be able to deliver the product that we want to deliver.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay,thanks.
David Simon: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
David Simon: Hey, good morning.
Jeremy Metz: David, just wanted to go back to Michael's question a little bit on the Simon Ventures and some of these other investments you made, and just hoping you can expand upon your last comment in response to the hedges, in terms of how do you really think about measure returns for some of these, just given some clear tangential benefits are you obviously looking to pull from doing this?
David Simon: Well, just to be clear. We expect these returns to be similar to what private equity type returns and they must stand on their own, but we're making them because we think there is potential to do business with that partner. So there are two separate decisions. One is, for instance in lifetime it's very simple, we looked at a multiple of EBITDA. We looked at their growth. We looked at their future. And we're very confident that we're going to get a multiple of our invested capital. And all by the way, there are wonderful partners and we're going do arm's length business with them going forward. And to me that is a perfect scenario of a win-win. So the investments must stand on their own. They must be and we look at them through a private equity lens much like everything else we've done. At the same time, if we can do business with them on an arm's length basis that's the gravy. And that's basically how we look at it and again. And we expect that we, by the way we've. Yeah, we've had some write-offs in our venture group which is a little. That venture groups, a little more at the early days of investing. Not in a round not kind of either BC round, BC or even DRAM. But the ones that I've announced here this week are ones that are basically well-established companies. So that's -- this is in many cases growth capital or just solidifying our relationship and we think it's a good investment. And again these aren't at the point of materiality. Again I want everybody to put the size of our company in perspective, but we are going to make money on those investments, number one. Number two is, we're going to learn a lot because a number of these companies are leaders are in their industry, and we're not too old. Rick and I were close. But we're not too old to learn. And I mean not to diverge and we were up at the RGG Board meeting last Thursday or Friday. I can't remember, but I mean the amount that we are going to learn, and in addition to the opportunities that we had as a partnership going forward. But the amount, we're going to be a better real estate operator, and this is what I need everyone to try and appreciate. We are going to be a better real estate operator. The more we know e-commerce, okay and the more we know how they integrate. And have been partners with one of the best entrepreneurs, frankly ever in the e-commerce space, one of the early pioneers in that team. I mean just separates I think ultimately what we're going to be able to do. And again, I can't -- I can't say it's going to mean, and it's and it's a profitable company and they do several hundred million dollars of sales and all this other stuff, but and we wouldn't have done it had we not felt like the company was worth it. But the reality is, we're going to. And it's going to accelerate our marketplace efforts, and we're going to be better in the real estate, we're going to be -- we're going to make money in that investment, but we're also going to be better real estate operators, because of that investment. And we're going to know our retailers better, and we do already. But this is going to take us to another hopefully to another level. And that's -- that you know in technology and how you integrate it with the physical properties, and all you know and with our retailers, I think it's going to be very very interesting to see how it all evolves.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. Great, thank you for that. And just a follow up I have is just on the densification projects. You remove the disclosure from the sub but regardless, you obviously have a number of projects going on that are going to deliver here and have been 2019 but really next year and beyond. I just wondering if you could talk about the pipeline, what's the total dollars at a gross cost basis today that have under way. And I guess what's beyond, what was last disclosed I guess last quarter. How much additional opportunities are you working on currently given some of the other need here for capital and it's a bit of a different skill sets, I'm assuming there is a human capacity to how much you can really have going on at any one point along these will that.
David Simon: Yes, Don't read anything into the fact that we took that out. So here's why we took it out and we can put it back in. Number one, if you are under construction, and we have approved it's in our detail, its i.e. it's already in the detail. That's number one. Number two is, we are also outlining other stuff that's being done on the peripheral of our properties that we aren't doing that I thought was. I didn't want to mislead the market, somehow, even though [Indiscernible] that it wasn't our projects. So we took that out. And three is the pipeline is so big, we weren't having, we weren't doing the right discipline of, you know what's in there, because it is a, big pipeline. So we just felt like it's probably better to communicate it when it's been approved. So the pipeline is actually, I didn't want to just lift like we'll be at schedule that says, here's all the densification we're going to do. I'd rather just put it in the 8-K when we actually are doing it. That's the nature of our company as opposed to outlining potential stuff. So the pipeline is continues to be very big Northgate. The Northgate continues to evolve. It's a $1 billion project you know with office, residential, all sorts of mixed-use stuff. So you know we have the Houston Galleria development again that could have been on a pipe, but we're not quite ready to start construction. So you'll continue to see what's the number over $2 billion to $3 billion. If I had that we had put a number on it, but we'll, I think we'll just, it is so much ingrained in our business now. There is no reason to separate it. It's just part of our 8-K that you'll see as we approve deals. So I look at it as an evolution or sophistication in our ability to execute. So it's just part of our portfolio as opposed to this is a separate distinct schedule. Doesn't need to be anymore because it just part of the nature of what we do.
Jeremy Metz: Got it. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning out there. So two -- two questions. First
David Simon: Alex, why do you say good morning after all the time? You think were that far out there?
Alexander Goldfarb: Well I -- you know I, it's just a standard hello greeting. So anyway now you're asking me to think on my feet, which is tough. I said sorry about the questions. First, on the debt side, obviously you had strong demand on your unsecured bonds, you priced pretty tight the Apple. But maybe, you can just talk about what's going on in the mortgage market. You know some of the folks that we've spoken to have said, you know the lenders are either pulling back, or trying to pare exposure or tightening terms, lowering LTVs. I mean, we all saw you know the LTV and the underwriting for the Norwalk SoNo mall. So maybe you can just give a sense of what's going on the mortgage side of the business, and whether it's by asset type, is it across the board or is it certain productivity levels you know of malls etcetera just a bit more color on there?
Brian McDade: Good morning, Alex. Its Brian. So look I think from the mortgage perspective, this year has been a relatively light year from a maturity profile perspective, but we're much more active next year. We are already in the market on some of those assets, and are receiving solid indications back in line with what our expectations are. Look I think, at the end of the day we're not seeing any reduction in appetite, but certainly that's a function of our asset quality. And so, we expect that market is going to be there. I understand that there's a few deals that are out there now, that will get priced here in the next six to eight weeks, which will further drive down price discovery in that marketplace.
David Simon: Yes. And look I think, we would we reaffirm Brian's points, but also just add a couple of things. Number one is sponsorship in and again that said, I'm not reflecting any other deals that are out there, but sponsorship isnt the case for everybody. Sponsorship is critically important. That's number one. And the balance sheet and that's what's great about where we stand is that, we don't -- we can do all sorts of different financings. We're not tied to the secured market or the unsecured market. And that again is a material separator, which I mean we didn't harp on it again today because you know when Tom says this first thing, he usually puts it in. I'm like -- I think people are tired of talking about it. So, but I would think that and the proof is always in the pudding, which the pudding was pretty damn good a month ago, okay. So the reality is we do have this separator in our real estate peer group, because we have the ability to go in and out of the markets pretty effectively, whether secured unsecured etcetera.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, that's helpful. And then the second question is on all the new investing you're doing the Sports Illustrated whether not you do Forever 21. All these things as you underwrite them how is your tolerance for sort of the time to get to cash flow positive. Is it the same as you would underwrite for real estate meaning or do these projects take longer or do you allow yourself more to let these things go before you decide ultimately to just kick the venture out and move on to the next. Just curious how you're underwriting is different in the time it takes to profitability versus the non-traditional retail ventures versus traditional retail real estate?
David Simon: Well, I think it really depends on the category and what the, -- I mean the reality is, all these companies have comparable. So some case there are valued at 5 times cash flow. In some cases they're value to 20 times cash flow. And it's really a function of what we see in the future and where the market is. So we don't really get ahead of ourselves, one way or another on that. And then like I said, I think we look at it similar to what you know with respect to Simon Venture Group, what kind of the venture people look at it, we look at it with the same lens and in the private equity, I think we do the same thing. And again, we have this extra soft in the sense that we're expecting to get other benefits out of it, which are not necessarily in our numbers, but which is important to us. And I don't want to talk about retailers specifically and, but we are not. It just so everyone, it's clear we're not involved in the one retailer, you mentioned about investing or doing anything on that front. I mean I think it got mischaracterize. Last call, so I just want to be clear on that, we're not involved in any retailer that is in BK in terms of us looking to invest. So just to be clear on that.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, thank you David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hill: Hey, David. So look, I think the reason that you're differentiating yourself is you're playing a lot more offense than maybe some of your peers who are playing defense. So with that in mind, I have, I have one question and one follow up to that. Look 7% to 8% development yields to quote you not too shabby in this world backdrop of slow growth and low rates. Are you seeing, maybe even more demand from sovereign wealth funds, other foreign investors to maybe partner with you on your developments with an eye on the long term?
David Simon: Well look, I think it's a really good question, Rich. And you know it's funny. Most of those folks I've got to be careful here, so I don't know. I don't mean to you know, I mean right now let's face it. We're a contrarian investment, okay. If you look at our multiple compared the kind of most of the other non-retail real estate confidence, and if you look at cash flow stability or multiples or however you want to slice and dice it, we're you know in today's world we're contrary. And there are not frankly a lot of contrarian investors, there's more herd mentality. There are some very sophisticated sovereign wealths that would love to partner with us on new opportunities. And again, when I say new opportunities, you know existing, existing, existing real estate that they may have and they want someone like us to do that. We're starting those discussions very, very early early early days just to get to know them. But the reality is not a lot of contrary investment and for whatever reason we are considered a contrarian, but you do make a good point. We're on the offense, and the fact that matters, we've been so busy and excited about the both the redevelopment, the densification and some of the new ventures that we've had, that that's that's perfectly fine for us, so we're going to continue to run the business. So I do think at some point there's a -- there's that there will be a swap back to reality. But you know those kind of investors would rather buy certain assets types that are three and a half yield. I won't name names as opposed to you know six plus and Class A regional malls. That's been historically a bad debt overtime. And you know who am I to say, I'm smarter than those other guys. But listen, I'm willing to -- I'm willing to play the game and see who's right in the long run.
Rich Hill: Got it. And so, one follow up question to that. You look at  you have a tremendous amount of free cash flow that you're spinning off, or a super strong balance sheet. Why wouldn't you just ramp up CapEx as a percentage of your operating cash flow right now, and spend even more money to redevelop your properties for the future and how -- I guess, I guess the question I'm ultimately asking is, you'd said CapEx is going to be relatively range bound. Why wouldn't you play even more offense than what you're playing right now?
David Simon: Well it goes back to a little you know. I mean, it is literally some of the big projects we have. We're still constrained by getting approvals. So we have two or three big ones that are in the approval process, just to name three that jump out at me. Brea, Orange County, Stoneridge which is in the East Bay Area of California, King of Prussia. So you know we -- we don't have the approvals yet to start. That's the biggest limiter. And you know I don't. On the -- and then we are building office and the reality is, we don't. That's the one area, we're not going to build speck on. I mean, we're depending on the side. We're going to want some lead tenants. We're not -- we're not foolish. So but we think we have really good product thats differentiated in the markets that we're contemplating it. But getting the lead tenant, does take a little bit of time. So I think we're -- you know we're pretty aggressive, but you know and Northgate, it's a great example. I think Northgate, we could have been a little more methodical, we had it. Just to give you a -- you know it depresses me a little bit. But just to give you an order of magnitude, we had roughly we had in that in our numbers this year to do about 15 million of NOI. And it's going to do five, roughly. Yes I get five. Come on, I know these numbers. And that's because we accelerated, we basically decided let's just get on with our lives and tear them all down. Okay. Happy to be out there when the mall is coming down believe it or not. So we are doing it. It's just I think we're moving pretty fast in some of these areas. We're not going to be you know if we are building office, we're not going to get over. I mean, it's 100,000 square foot QDC [ph] building that's one thing, but we're not going to get over our skis too much on some of the stuff to make sure we're in good shape.
Rich Hill: Got it. That's helpful David. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure. Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Yulico: Good morning. Sorry if I missed this. But could we just get the bankruptcy impact on same-store NOI growth this quarter? I think, it was cited as about a 100 basis points in the first two quarters this year?
David Simon: It's a 100 year-to-date and it was 60 roughly 60 in this quarter, correct or not?
Brian McDade: A 100 for the quarter.
David Simon: 100 for the quarter, Im sorry. 100 for the quarter.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thanks, and then second question is just going back to Forever 21, we looked at the bankruptcy filing for them. You only have one existing store on the store closure list. That rose about feel, this -- it excludes all the stores in development, which will not be opening. So I guess, that store closure was -- I mean, should that give us comfort. There is one store in there? Or should we be expecting that over your 98 stores with them, either you already gave rent release or you're planning to over the next year?
David Simon: I guess, I don't. We don't want to talk about specific retailers. Well I think, there well have to see how that. That that bankruptcy evolves. I mean, there are more stores that they rejected that or about to reject that they never opened in. Again, I don't want to get into the nitty, gritty detail, but in that particular case you brought it up. It was Riley Rose. We had a handful of those that at least is executed that won't be open. So whether you know they weren't in our initial numbers in any of them. So you'll see some of those come out one way or another, but it's never been an arts until they open, it's not in our not in our document I guess or 8-K. But we'll see how it goes. I mean, I can't -- I can't, I'm not you know and I want to be very careful here, so I'm not involved in it. We're  were negotiating kind of the future like every other major landlord and we'll see how it all shapes out at the end of the day.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And I hate -- I guess, I'm just trying to tie it back to the bankruptcy impact year-to-date. It was 100 basis points. I'm assuming there was not much in that from Forever 21, unless you've already renegotiated leases. And it's almost 1.5% of your base rent. So as we look forward over the next year, it's kind of feels like that bankruptcy impact to Forever 21 by itself could be similar to your overall bankruptcy impact this year. Is that fair?
David Simon: Well I think you'll see a bigger, what we'll know more in 2020. It's not going to be material in 2019. And I think the focus is going to be really 2020, what that that group is able to do going forward, which is out of our hands, and we're going to have to wait and see. We'll have a  again, I don't want to get into particular tenants, but we'll have that, that's our view of what happens with that, and other bankrupt tenants will ultimately be in our 2020 estimates. And that's the way for us to look at it. At this point, the materiality of any of these guys and in the next year end is not in my opinion going to be material.
Nick Yulico: Okay. All right. Thank you.
David Simon: For you, it might be once that might be what, I know, okay. But it's -- we did update our guidance and what we know today about the bankrupt tenants is in our guidance. And that's the important thing. And then our view of you know some of these bankrupt tenants and what their plan is for 2020 will be in our 2020 guidance. And that's the best way I can answer that.
Nick Yulico: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Just following up on what you were just talking about. So with some of these bankruptcies having been unexpected in 2019, as you look out to 2020, do you think a base case of 2% NOI [ph] growth would still be achievable?
David Simon: We give our guidance at the end of January. Do we have a date yet? Not yet. We get word -- we're waiting to see if the Colts make the Super Bowl, because we want to -- we want to make. We want to. We want to work it around that day, around that day. That was a joke, but no, no I actually think they're a pretty good team. But where we give that all of that will be reflected in, and we've never given 2020 guidance, and you know I mean people have estimates all over the place. So I don't, I don't really opine on a one way or another.
Linda Tsai: Okay. And then, in terms of SPO.com How are you and Michael Rubin thinking about its value proposition. You know how much crossover would the product you provide online through SPO.com is available through other online distribution channels? And then, do you have any sense of the price differential on SPO.com and how it might compare with other discounters like Ross or T.J?
David Simon: Yes, look this is a complicated -- that's a complicated question, and I think, I think the important thing is, we both think and not just us, but you know our SPO team and the existing RGG team couldn't be more excited about the future opportunities together that we have. I think their team is unquestionably excited. I would not. You know, I think it's going to be a great partnership for our company and together, we're going to do a lot more both in terms of growing their existing business and then the partnership taking the origins of our business and extrapolating that going forward. But it is early days. We're very committed to making this exciting, and between all of our relationships with the brands, and all of our physical attributes and their e-commerce attributes. Now this could be a really really significant opportunity for our partnership. So let's give it a little bit of time. I can't give you an exact roadmap, because some of this stuff we'd like to keep to ourselves, because we are -- we are still growing the business and there's a lot of competition out there on that front. So, but again, couldn't be, couldn't be more pleased with the potential opportunity in the future.
Linda Tsai: Thanks for that.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning. So you're -- youve been reporting improving sales per square foot for the past several years, but that formula there's some noise to it because the denominator is always changing. So I was wondering if you had a sense of the total sales productivity on at your centers over the past couple of years. Just try and get a sense of if it's becoming more vibrant or somewhat static overtime. And I realize that hotels and apartments you can't because there's no sales data for it, but just try and get a bigger picture.
David Simon: You know, I will give you the benefit of rule of large numbers. There is absolutely given our large portfolio. There is absolutely your comment about the denominator changing, is there a relevant in terms of our results. Because one particular property going in one particular property going out or 10 going in or 10 going out aunt going to move the number my friend. So that's number one. Number two is many cases in our new developments; they come in below our average. And with that said, if anything, its understanding it. And then finally, I'll say, we continue to believe that we're reporting and this is really important and I've said it again, I want to keep saying it, but we're getting the you what's reported to us. And in some cases, what are reported to us is not actually gross sales.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. I'm just going back to the topic of your investments that you're making and in places like RGG or Authentic Brands. Is it easy to get the sense that you're focused on making your fleet better and adding on different types of opportunities like private equity or venture capital. When does it start to become more interesting to actually increasing your fleet size or is it the case that the upside opportunity and redevelopment and private equity type of investments is still just far greater and better opportunity then increase in the fleet size?
David Simon: Did you say fleet?
Ki Bin Kim: Yes, sort of mall counts, retail center counts, things like that.
David Simon: Okay, well, look, I think we've historically have been acquisitive over our career. We just haven't done anything in a while. But the fact of the matter is if we have so much going on in so many opportunities here feel pretty good. I mean I don't feel like we need to do that, but if there's something out there that's makes sense. We would look at it. But I think its business as usual for us and the focus being on, it sounds like gobbledygook. But the focus is just making us a better company, we got plenty of assets. And all of these things that we are doing and attempting to do is to make the real estate in our company better. But we are more than a real estate company and that we interface with brands and consumers to an unbelievable extent. So why that takes advantage of that reach that we've done reasonably well. But we can certainly do it too much greater extent and that continues to be a focus for us.
Ki Bin Kim: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Vince Tibone: Could you elaborate on the magnitude of the decline in international tourism, and the impact that had on foot traffic in tenant tailed some of your key gateway market properties?
David Simon: Well, we don't give out specifics on that. But I mean, put it this way, the business has been, the tourist centers have been relatively flat in terms of sales, and we think had we had a normal you know if we had a normal, what I'd call a normal dollar in terms of the strength versus vis--vis the euro and other currencies and you know and all the other noise that's out there, we would have expected at 5%, 6% increase. So I don't know if that means, I don't know if that gives you kind of what you want, but it's you know that some of our bigger international property sales have been flat. And traffic's actually not been too much the problem. It's been stable, but it's really we're seeing the flatness of the sales that we would expect it. When we did budget, we would have expected to have a 5 or so percent increase in sales.
Vince Tibone: Interesting, but that's helpful color. And then just one more for me and maybe switching gears a little, can you provide some color on the trends you're seeing in the private market for malls. I mean, do you think cap rates or the number of interested bidders has changed over the last six months or so?
David Simon: I would say to you that, I have not seen a change, but I would think that, I have not really seen a tangible change. I still think you know investing is more or less a herd mentality. And we're you know I was going to give an animal analogy, but I better refrain. Last time I did cockroach, which I -- I'm not going to do today, but I think people steal, the guys that have the money you know I think they, they they've always been retail real estate's always been you know it's not -- it's not a commodity, so the operator really matters so to speak. So it's not like a warehouse that's like you know one commodity versus the next. And so do the operators matter, and the money that kind of goes in and out a commodity real estate as you know it's always kind of ebbs and flows for retail real estate, because who the operator is always been materially important. So that's, that's one aspect I'd say to you. The next is, I still think they're surprisingly I'm actually surprised about it. But the so-called smart money has not played a big role in this. But, I mean they obviously have different points of view and they may be right. But we feel pretty good about what we're doing.
Vince Tibone: That's helpful. And just one follow up on that. I mean, let's say the herd mentality does push cap rates higher. Is there a point where you would potentially come in and be an acquirer of single assets on the market? Given to your point that the platform makes a big difference and you could probably increase in a line from these acquisitions.
David Simon: Yes. I think if there was a good fit, we would certainly take a -- take a hard look at it.
Vince Tibone: Okay, great.
David Simon: I think that's, I think that's the other point. I mean, we're not really seeing that's a good point that we're not really seeing kind of that A-assets show up on the market.
Vince Tibone: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi good morning. I guess following up on that. For the properties where you have JV Partners, have you seen those investors want to exit more in recent years or they find with the exposures and it's more about where to park incremental dollars for them?
David Simon: I would say a lot of them are following the herd mentality.
Michael Mueller: Okay.
David Simon: I think my guess might be -- I'm not trying to be, am I clear on that. Not, I'll restate what I would be answering.
Michael Mueller: No, I think so. I think so. Yes.
David Simon: I think all, I think a lot of the folks out there are you know a little nervous about our business. But you know I would just put it you know not our business, not Simon Property Group business, but Im nervous about whatever retail generally and so they do tend to, they do tend to follow the herd mentality, that's where somebody maybe us. Its going to make a lot of money. I assure you. I've seen this movie before, and our cash flows are very very very resilient. If you have good real estate and a good operator, they always evolve and always change. And if you look at the mall that was built in the 60s, you look at the malls that were built in the 70s and 80s and 90s and 2000. Look at the redevelopment I mean, my goodness they changed a lot. And, and they're changing today. So I don't, I don't know. No one here, I mean no one here is overly concerned about it, but all of these guys, they all get that you know it's a lot of people suffer, suffer from groupthink. Okay. Maybe we do too. But we don't. We're in good shape.
Michael Mueller: Got it. And I mean, would you think over the next three years, five years or so maybe we see a pickup in you buying out some of these JV Partners or is it a little bit more of a function of you've got a big redevelopment pipeline, a lot of capital that's going there and you're getting bigger returns on that. So it's, I guess that's the tradeoff. How do we think about that?
David Simon: Yes, I mean we're focused. Listen I'm going to. If they're nervous, I'm going to buy them at a real big discount, so let them get really nervous. I want them nervous, okay. Nervous is good for us. Okay. So thats okay. The reality is there could be opportunities. But you know, we'll see.
Michael Mueller: Okay, thanks David, bye.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow up question from Christy McElroy with Citi. Please proceed with your question. Hello. Christy if your line is on mute, please unmute.
Christy McElroy: Hey, David, its Christy here. I know that it's just an accounting question for me and you know that the new straight lining of cam was addressed on the last call. I anticipate straight line trending higher this year, but with the recent bankruptcies I'm just wondering what kind of assessments have been in there? Also for the write-off of occurred straight line rents being uncollectible just with the bankruptcies this year, given the new rules around determination of un-collectability, just trying to get a good sense for what the normal run rate is for that line?
David Simon: I mean, that all flows through, so I don't have that off the top of my head. I would say to you. It's not material, but I mean that would do that all the time, right. So that we have to -- we have to make that decision all the time, whether it's collectable or not collectable.
Christy McElroy: Okay. I just didn't know if there was a material impact on that line. Aside from that, is it being elevated with the straight lining of camp?
David Simon: Not material.
Michael Bilerman: David, it's Michael speaking. You talked a little bit about how your stocks of contrarian investment at this point given the multiple, and you've used some of your significant balance sheet capacity to buyback your stock. You did about 300 million in the last six months. You've talked a little bit on this call about maybe partnering with sovereign wealth. It sounds like either buying assets or managing assets they may, or look at new opportunity. No
David Simon: I don't think, I don't think I said that Michael. So I said, I said, there I said there are very few contrarian investors right now. And we're not really, we're at the very early stages of seeing how they feel about our -- you know the market in general. So I just want to be clear on that, okay.
Michael Bilerman: Right. I was listening to when you're talking about maybe working with them, but I didn't know if there is an opportunity to either liquefy some of the value in the assets that you've created. The debt markets provided you a cash amount of capital at a very attractive rates. Right, is your stock that is the one that is associated with the performance that you're putting up. And so, I know in the past you've been reluctant to sell JV stakes in your assets to buyback your stock. I'm wondering, if that's changed at all, or in some of these conversations that you're happy and having if you find that there is an opportunity to partner with contrarian capital, that you want to do that.
David Simon: Well, again I have never been a fan to sell an asset-A, to make a mark because A, assets grow historically over time and most everybody that sold A-asset, if they're going to believe it's an A asset in the future. Regret that decision. Okay. So and buying stock back is a temporary investment decision and the reality is we're in this for the long haul as we've demonstrated over almost 26 years has been a public company. So I think that's kind of the worst thing. Frankly, we could do and getting this mark, getting a mark on our portfolio is fool's gold, it's never worked because the next question is, well, what about the rest of the portfolio. So and again, just to reemphasize. So the answer is you know no interest in doing that, number one. Number two is, there are you know, some of these, I mean we're just I don't want to over emphasize and hopefully I didn't I look back at the call, but we're not out running around saying, do you want to go. People come to us we'll talk to them about interest partnership interest, but we're not out soliciting sovereign wealth funds, were not out doing that the reality is we don't need their capital. So, they know my number 1800 David call me if they want, they don't have to. Okay?
Michael Bilerman: And I wasn't thinking about it from
David Simon: I don't want to overemphasize. We've talked to a few here and there. I think they respect what we do but I don't really know, maybe that's a flaw in us that we haven't really solicited them just to have better relationships. But I mean, we've done oaky without them being a major player for us to get to where we are today. We've never needed that in scale. So that's that. So I don't want to overemphasize. We've had discussions here and there, because you know sometimes they call, sometimes they dont. So we're not out, we're not out trying to buy partnership interest of ourselves or others. We're not out talking to sovereign wealth other than we'll have a couple of conversations. And look, the reality is a lot of that institutional investors as we all know you know have a certain queasiness over retail. We've seen that before, it doesn't affect us. It's not, it doesn't, it affects you, it affects others. It does not affect me and my company in what we do. That's the important point, okay.
Michael Bilerman: And I wasn't thinking about it from a positive mark. I was thinking about more so in being able to raise additional capital and invest in your stock, and you know just basically bolster that program that you're doing right now using the free cash flow and capacity, doing something more meaningful if you're able to find an investor that's willing to partner with you. I understand the dynamics, and I understand getting up the growth. I just didn't know if that was part of the psyche today, just given where things stand.
David Simon: No, I mean the stuff that look, I think most of the and again we're beaten. You know we're spending more time on this than warranted, but most people, most institutional investors would like to do something you know is as we've talked to him often on over several years. Most of all like to do external stuff with us, variety. And you know but the reality is, we haven't been doing that. So we havent been talking to him, okay. So again, it's where we're spending too much time on this. On the other front, look, we've got what you know why are we aggressively buying our stock back? Listen, we love our balance sheet. We'll be you know I think it's an unbelievable advantage. Unbelievable. It's under appreciated. Sorry Tom, I took out your paragraph in a teleconference text, to do $3.5 billion in four hours, you know 30-year bonds, blah blah, blah is all pretty powerful. We don't want to jeopardize that. We've seen when people had overstepped their numbers, overstepped their credit ratings. You know how it kind of can retard the opportunities going forward. We don't want to do that. And importantly, I mean we're in that process of adding to our already successful retail real estate portfolio, and what does that mean? We're doing all this densification stuff. We're building our consumer facing business. You know we're positioning the company for the future. And as we all know, you know any leading company out there is invest in the future. You know from Microsoft to Amazon, to you know go down the list. Every successful company that understands the importance of investment. And so I want the balance sheet that allows us to invest. If I had a criticism of historical retailers, they did not invest in there. And again, it's not for me to criticize, honestly, I don't want this to sound you know like I know it all. But the reality is what we've seen with Rick and I have seen because of strained balance sheets or overspending in one thing versus the other thing is the inability to reinvest in your business is a major no no. So that's, you know that we are not going to do the major no no.
Michael Bilerman: Thanks for your time, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. David Simon for any closing remarks.
David Simon: Okay, thank you. Everyone have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2019 Simon Property Group, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President; also on the call are Rick Sokolov, Vice-Chairman; Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR Web site at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Okay. Good morning. We had a very productive quarter, and are pleased with our financial results. Results in the quarter were highlighted by funds from operation of $1.06 billion or $2.99 per share. Adjusting for the prior year for a non-cash investment gain [indiscernible] IPCO [ph], ABG Exchange and the impact of external leasing cost, our FFO growth rate was 4.9% per share. We continue to grow our cash flow and report solid key operating metrics. Our comp NOI increased 2% for the second quarter, and total portfolio NOI increased 1.6% for the quarter. Retail bankruptcies in the second quarter impacted our comp NOI by over a hundred basis points. Year-to-date comp NOI has increased 1.8%. And to put this in perspective, our comp NOI grew 3.6% in '16, 3.2% in '17, last year 2.3%, and we continue to comp it on a NOI base of more than $5 billion. Leasing activity remained solid. Average base rent was $55.52. And or leasing spread was $16.53 per square foot, an increase of 32.3%. And we're pleased that our sales momentum from our retailers continued in the second quarter. Reported retail sales per square foot for our malls and outlets was $669 per foot, compared to $646 in the prior year period, an increase of 3.5%, and just to give you a fun fact, we have over 77 properties; that's right 77 properties that if you average their total sales will be over $900 a foot. So 77 over $900 a foot, and you can see that clearly as our report retail sales on an NOI weighted basis of $852 compared to the $669 per foot occupancy would be 95.5% compared to 94.4%, and our average base minimum rent would be $73 -- a little over $73 per foot. New development, we broke ground on a luxury outlet in Normandy, which is our first designer outlet in Western Paris, Catchment Area and our third outlet in France. This center is projected to open in the second quarter of 2021. Construction continues on the three international outlets in Malaga, Spain; Bangkok, Thailand; West Midlands, England, all open in 2020. Queretaro, in Mexico, opened and its full grand opening will be in the fall of this year. We continue to expand our international outlet presence in growing markets adding to our overall franchise value with high rates of return. And as I mentioned to you in the press release today, we have 42 international outlets after we finish the four that are currently under construction. Redevelopment, just the highlights, a lot going on, as you know, so we have 30 properties across all of our platforms in the U.S. and internationally with our share of net cost of approximately $1.7 billion. Our extensive identified pipeline is over $5 billion in new development or redevelopment across all our platforms. These significant redevelopments and transformations will continue to fuel our profitability. Importantly, we will fund these accretive projects through our internally generated cash flow. And they'll continue to serve our communities. As you know, our properties generate significant property taxes and significant sales taxes for their jurisdictions that fund the police, fire, schools, et cetera. So we continue to play a very, very important role in the livelihood of our communities that we operate in. Now, going to liquidity, you'll be pleased to know that we have $6.8 billion of liquidity, and that is net of our outstanding CP balance. During the quarter, we purchased 1.05 million shares of common stock. We continued, in July, to purchase another 630,000. So we have combined, over the last essentially four months, 1.68 million shares of repurchase. And this further is represented by our strong balance sheet, which continues to be a far significant advantage in our area. We announced a dividend increase. We're now paying $2.10. That's an increase of 5% on a trailing 12-month basis ending June 30. Over the last three years our dividends have grow at more than 8%. Another fun fact which I'm here to supply to put our dividends as a public company, we have paid more than $30 billion, three-zero billion to our shareholders in cash in dividends, pretty good number. As reminder, our annualized current dividend yield of more than 5% is 300 basis points higher than the 10-year treasury, and our dividend is more than one-and-a-half times covered by our annual FFO. We continue to reinforce our guidance at 12.30 to 12.40 despite some headwinds, which include lower lease settlement income, lower distribution income from our international investments, stronger dollar, obviously all the redevelopment that's going on with our anchors, accelerated redevelopment including, say, Northgate, some of the unanticipated bankruptcies, and some of our SPO costs which we're now accelerating. So to conclude, we produced another good quarter of results and operating metrics. There's no company in our industry that has the reach and impact on the communities that we have. And we continue to focus on the long-term, we'll continue to invest in our product and generate the kind of returns that will grow our earnings, cash flow, and dividends. And we're now ready for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Jeremy Metz: David, I was wondering if you could break it down for us to then talk about what you're seeing on the mall front in terms of trends in traffic versus what you're seeing in the outlets, anything that's going better than you expected so far this year, even lagging a bit, and maybe just as a follow-on, what your expectations are that you have built in for Dressbarn here.
David Simon: Well, I would say, and recon way in the mall business, sales are up, traffic is reasonably good. I say it's -- there's ups and downs, but overall it's up slightly. In the outlets business we're skewed a little bit more toward the tourism. And because of the strong dollar and some of the implications of what's going on in the global environment, traffic there is flattish, but sales are more flattish. And that's really a function of the big tourist centers in the outlet business that are essentially flat where we would expect them to be up. Overage rent is up in the mall business. It's a little under plan in the outlet business. So I'd say, generally, it's, absent the strong dollar and absent what the decrease in overall tourism in the U.S., we would be performing well ahead of our plan. Obviously the unanticipated bankruptcies is something we're dealing with. Yet, even with that, we've produced the 2% comp NOI growth. And I missed your last -- what was your -- well, Dressbarn is, it is what it is. We'll see what happens, insignificant to us in the scheme of our operation. Rick?
Rick Sokolov: The only thing that I would add is that the trends that David talked about are manifesting themselves in the interest that we're seeing from our retailers. There's still a steady stream of retailers that are seeking to find space in our property. And the properties continue to get better through the addition of retailers that are making a difference in our trade area presence.
Jeremy Metz: Appreciate that. And David, can you just talk about the investment in Black Ridge and Allied eSports, just what drove this and what sort of larger opportunity you possibly see here with that?
David Simon: Well, look, I think we do think obviously there's a huge momentum going on about the eSports and venues. And we have, just like the exhibition theater business, I mean the mall is a great place to host those kind of events, and in a setting like that drives sponsorship income, drive traffic, reinforce our real estate as kind of the place to be for the community. So we've got lots of options beyond just Allied about brining those kind of venues to our real estate. And in fact the explosion on the location-based entertainment area is incredible from kind of where it was a decade ago to where it is today. So we have essentially a dedicated team that's looking at all sorts of operations and venues that we're going to be brining to our real estate that will broaden the mix, invest in the community, increase traffic, bring sponsorship opportunities, food and beverage. And given the department store -- getting those department stores back in a lot of cases or buying them back in some cases gives us the real estate that we've never had before to bring them into the mall. So that's what's really exciting that, yes, it's a lot of work, yes we have to be focused. But we now have the ability, where we didn't have it before, to bring all sorts of those venues into our real estate. So brought a team on essentially just to deal with the, for no better word the location-based entertainment concepts, just to go through that so that we could bring them to the centers. And again, we now have in some cases the real estate to put them in where we didn't have it otherwise. And we can do it at accretive returns. Rick, would you like to add anything?
Rick Sokolov: Only thing I would add is that we've been doing this for over a decade, because we have a very large relationship with Merlin through our Mills portfolio, and we've got a great set of experiences there that demonstrate the viability of our properties for these types of uses. So we're building off of strength to implement the initiatives David just talked about.
Jeremy Metz: All right. And last from me, and just sticking somewhat along those lines is, and looking back at the investment you made in Aero alongside ABG and your experience you've had since that time, how do you think about making similar investments? Would you do it? Would you -- what would you look for just given some of the distress that I wonder if this is something we could see you guys do again here at some point in the near-term?
David Simon: Well, look, I think it's very possible we're going to be very smart about it, Jeremy. Now, it's interesting because, as you know, we authentic plans grew just to the private placement where we decided to keep our stock, but certain shareholders sold and new shareholders came in, and we decided not to keep our entire interest. So we didn't sell down because we believe in the company. But that stake, based on its current raise in terms of new shareholders coming in, is worth $153 million, and we basically put no money in it. We still have the Aero OpCo, which is -- we own 44%, and it's going to do $65 million EBITDA thereabouts. So I think we're not too bad at this investment. We're certainly as good as the private equity guys when it comes to retail investment. And so I wouldn't rule it out, but I mean we've made a ton of money in Aero, and we love being partners with authentic brands group. And we will work together on other distress situations. And let's face it, there are some out there. So -- but we will get a pie into companies that we think have brand and that have the volume that is worth going to sell. They just bought Sports Illustrated. I think they have got a great the intellectual property there. I think it's got a great future with company like ABG to focus on. We may invest Mad as an example. There could be Sports Illustrated eSports, gaming, food & beverage. And we will be at the forefront to try and to be as creative as we can. Now with our real estate that you cannot duplicate, and again, while we serve the community, we pay significant real estate taxes, significant -- our retailers and us pay significant sales tax. And we are investing in our properties to obviously for our shareholders but also for the benefit of these communities.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks for the time.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy from with Citi.
Christy McElroy: Hi, good morning everyone.
David Simon: Good morning.
Christy McElroy: Just off of Jeremy's last question but maybe from a little bit of a different angle. Given that past experience with Aero and Nautica and the insights that you have gain from these investments, and you have also talked about being on many creditor committees in the past. How are you approaching retailer restructurings and bankruptcies differently than in the past, or maybe differently than what some of the other mall REITs have the capability to do that maybe gives you a competitive advantage with tenant fallout and bankruptcy activity having picked up again this year?
David Simon: Well, that's a good question. I would say we have another -- what is it called, quiver in my -- what is it -- arrow in my quiver?
Rick Sokolov: Arrow in your quiver.
David Simon: Arrow in my quiver, I always like reverse when I am supposed to say it.
Rick Sokolov: Robin is looking out.
David Simon: But now I would say we certainly have the ability to help beyond what you might do on the leases become an investor in a distress situation. So we have the ability. I am not sure we would do it alone, but with somebody like ABG we have obviously worked well with historically General Growth and now Brookfield. So we have kind of the ability together or even individual or some combination thereof to look at becoming more than just a real estate player, but a buyer of these brands. So that's the difference -- that's the majority difference. We also have the ability to underwrite the business pay lot better than we could have. So, we are left in the dark about what the right rent should be in a workout scenario, and we have resources, I mean the folks at the Aero, OpCO -- the folks at ABG are friends with Brookfield, and our team can basically rapidly run through any kind of investment or retail scenario and find out -- get to the bottom of what the right fix is. And I would say to you we were decent at it a few years ago, but now we are pretty good at it.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then just with the straight line rent adjustment elevated in Q2 and somewhat volatile over the last couple of quarters. Wondering if you could provide some insight into what's driving that perhaps impacted by some of the lease accounting stuff? And how we should think about the impact to GAAP non-cash rent adjustments for the full year?
David Simon: Yes. With the new capacity pronouncements, we --historically we have never straight lined our camp even though as you know a lot of our camp is not -- most of it, 95% of it is fixed with a growth in it. And I believe a lot of our peer groups historically have straight lined that. So, we have to straight line that because of the new pronouncement, and that's really the change in that. Again, our content OI Christy as, you know, takes out any straight-line impact. So it's basically cash. And but that's basically all there is to it. When you look at kind of the increase in straight line less the -- now that we can't capitalize our leasing costs, I mean, it's basically less than 1% differential, in terms of our FFO per shares, it's one way to look at it, but the reality is, if you look at the comp NOI, we strip it out in any event, but it's simply we never straight-line comp expense. And that we have.
Christy McElroy: Okay. So we should expect it to remain elevated going forward, because of the straight line?
David Simon: Well, certainly this year. Then I think you'll see it more normalized. Now, we also write-off strictly, we have to rise -- when you have a bankruptcy, we've had straight-line write-offs this year, because if you have a tenant that goes into bankruptcy, and yet you certainly any straight-line rent or straight-line candidate, you may have for that tenant. It's going to be written off. So we've had certainly some of that as well.
Christy McElroy: Got it. Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good morning, I guess just a couple of questions first, maybe to just start on kind of the leasing environment. I mean, you and Rick touched on it a little bit that there's good demand. I mean, can you just elaborate a little bit more, you said you've been impacted about 100 basis points from bankruptcies this year. And I'm just wondering, David, you just sort of look at the tenant watch list and the, potential tenants, you're still kind of working with the restructure? Where do you sort of feel like we are in that kind of pendulum or timeframe of kind of getting to the end of that and, just 2020 kind of begin to show a little bit of light at the end of the tunnel?
David Simon: Well, I still think there are a couple up there, without naming names, Steve that we're monitoring. And, we'll have to see kind of where that goes. So it's hard for me to give you an exact, response specifically to the question, other than there are still a couple out there that we're monitoring we'll see how it ultimately reside? I will tell you, not that this is of interest, but it's not a reflection of our business. Okay. And I know that's hard to say, that's hard to. I know that's a statement that many don't believe but if you look at the bankruptcies, each one of these folks, there were things and decisions that they did that led them to that point. As opposed to it, this it's our business, okay. And I won't go through names, but lack of investment, too much leverage, opening two biggest stores going international, when they should have stayed domestic, picking the wrong mark, it's not endemic of our business, and that's the important point, because the reality is, even with these bankruptcies that we've had to deal with, we are comping up, yes, it's not where I'd like to see it, but it's still comping up a couple of percent. And we would have really outperform had we not had the unanticipated bankruptcies. We are outperforming an overdraft in the mall business underperforming and the outlet business because of the tourism that I showed you. So there's pros in that in what we're seeing in sales there, the higher end continue to do well, as I mentioned to you, we have 77 properties, in total, would get you over if you just took the top seven, and we'd be over 900 bucks a square foot, so it's not endemic of our business or our industry. It's each one of these, each one of these has a story and I could spend three hours going through pros and cons as to what decisions they made that led them to that problem. And that's the most important message I can deliver to you. today. It's not quote and again, we're much more diversified than the mall business. But let's talk. It's not the mall business. It's certain folks that ran their business, not in the best way. And yes, we suffer while we re-characterize or reach lease the space to better operators. So I'll turn it over to Rick to add any implication to your question.
Rick Sokolov: And part of that is demonstrated by the fact that our occupancy trends have held up very nicely in spite of all that bankruptcy. And as we detailed in the past, there is still a broad array of tenants that are seeking to come to our properties, whether they're new concepts, whether they are digitally native retailers, whether they are international retailers, we still have retailers that are traditional retailers, like [indiscernible] that are still growing significantly. And we are adding a lot of food to our property. And all of that is contributing to the fact that you're seeing our sales growth, and you are seeing our NOI growth.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, I appreciate that. Thanks. David, just a small point, on the total portfolio, NOI was up less than comp, which is not normally the case. And your share of NOI from investments was down. Is there anything kind of just for us to focus in on as we think about or
David Simon: Well, remember, we sold our interest internationally in HPS. That's the biggest reduction. And in addition, we've got a lot of redevelopment going on, you could see that number, we have a number of properties that are basically taking a step back, because of our redevelopment efforts. But those are the biggest ones that jumped out at me, right. So -- and Tom just mentioned to me FX as well. So when you put the -- I'd say those are the three things. So HBS has gone internationally, FX, currency, and then the redevelopment, as you can see, where we have a number of properties that are kind of going down a little bit this year as we redevelop it -- Burlington mall, Ross Park Mall, and a handful of these that we're taking a step back to take several steps forward. So that's basically the map.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks. And then lastly, I just noticed, the average base rent per foot, which, takes into a lot of things, including lease restructurings and others was up a more modest I guess, 1.2% to 1.3%. Anything, we should just be thinking about that number, versus say the least spreads you're getting and obviously the change in occupancy that I was curious on that trend?
David Simon: No, I'd say it's basically a function of, some of the workouts that we're having to deal with.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks a lot.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line up Craig Schmidt from Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. I wondered if you could categorize the store closing and then outlet space versus the mall space. Is it, are they experiencing store closing through a comparable degree or the more meaning to the malice?
David Simon: I would say they're the last few bankruptcies have also had outlet exposure. So, they are more comparable where a couple years ago it was more the mall than the outlets and now, they're similar there's not -- there's not a trend that outlets or better or worse than, than the than the malls and when it comes to store closings due to bankruptcies, I'd say they're. They're more similar in terms of that pattern. 
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then obviously very active in redevelopment. I wondered if it is possible to categorize what do you mean you think you're in, in terms of the major anchoring position. I recognize you're always going to need to do it but in terms of this major push for anchor repositioning, maybe what do you need more then?
David Simon: Well, I never been much of a baseball player but I would say what and I would say the third -- maybe three so he and I hit the number at the same time. I'd say the third inning.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
David Simon: Thank you, Craig.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb from Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, Good morning. Good morning out there. Out there it's not that, it's not like we're in -- it's not like we're in outer space. We are not on the moon. We're [indiscernible] here.
David Simon: Yes, well
Alexander Goldfarb: I think it's kind of like Neil Armstrong. Okay, he is very thoughtful.
David Simon: Right.
Alexander Goldfarb: Straightforward guy. Go ahead, Simon.
David Simon: Okay, perfect steady hand at the landing.
Alexander Goldfarb: Just two questions here first, David, sort of following up to Christie's question, the jump in; so two-part question on the leasing spreads from straight line rent. So one, how much of the increase of straight-line rent is any of that due to increase leasing activity, because looking at the leasing spreads, they've really jumped over the past year. So I don't know if that's purely mix, or maybe this is the benefit of backfill, but if I look at your TIs over the past year, they've gone up a little bit, but nowhere near as much as the rent spreads have jumped. So just trying to understand how much of the jump in rent spreads is purely just mix, versus its actually you guys getting better tenants, and maybe some of that is leaking into the higher straight-line rent?
David Simon: Well, we certainly continue to straight-line our rental income, beyond comp. I don't have the breakdown for you, but it does add into that amount we continue. I mean, there's rent spreads, continue to be healthy, obviously, a lot of that will be significantly enhanced, as we're getting back, very, cheap space that we can rent it, I mean, that's going to be the future growth of the company is taking back the some of the bigger spaces and generating much greater rental income from them. And, that's why we're spending the capital. So it all kind of feeds into each other in terms of generating our cash flow future NOI growth, leasing spreads. And obviously, that'll be part of the straight-line, rent income as well.
Rick Sokolov: And I would just confirm your observation that our tenant allowances have been very stable over the years, and there has not been a noticeable increase at all. It's business as usual at the testing.
Alexander Goldfarb: Should they -- Rick, the rising -- releasing spreads, it just is purely mix, or we should expect these, I mean, just wondering next few quarters, it is going to go down to more in the mid-teens or these going to stay elevated?
Rick Sokolov: That's why you have a job. Okay, you'll, see when it happens, okay, but the bottom-line is that's why we have a job -- the bottom-line is, we are certainly one of the greatest opportunities we've had, as a company and I can't underestimate yet some people could look at, the demise of certain anchors as a sign of, impending doom, we look at -- we'd look at it in the complete reverse, as a significant opportunity, because we are now getting the ability to take that space, and redevelop it with a creative returns on investment and higher rents. And so, I do think that trend will continue. Whether it'll be up five bucks down, that's just -- that's a quarter-to-quarter change. But that is -- that's why we're spending -- that's why we have a $5 billion pipe. I mean, that is our business going forward. And it's important for the market to understand, I mean, that's where we see great opportunity.
Alexander Goldfarb: Right. Rick, I just want to make sure the budget like this wasn't like a definitional change, or something accounting change. I'm just trying to get to, because obviously, it's impressive. So just want to understand if this is definitional change or accounting change or
Rick Sokolov: Not at all. Not at all.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is just quantifying obviously got Forever21 pretty small, but overall, your comments about what your guidance has endured as far as headwind stronger U.S. dollar, tourism, all this stuff, where are you guys trending as far as your bad debt budget. So presumably your budget whatever it is 100 basis points or something like that for the year, where are you trending on whatever your budget is, where you are trending on that year-to-date?
David Simon: I would say we are higher. I mean I don't have exact number, but it's higher than what we -- certainly higher than what we budgeted because we had some anticipated bankruptcies. Unfortunately when we do our model, it's the end of last basically November -- October - November. We are now in July. And we've had a lot of stuff that we had to deal with. So, it's definitely higher than what we budgeted.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. Maybe on the leverage side, net debt NOI has been coming down to 5.1 times now. And I think investors do like to see this. So, I was just wondering what's driving this decision from the Simon side versus spending more on say development buybacks or something else.
David Simon: Well, look, we try to manage the balance sheet with great care. And so, we do have a -- the pipe we can -- we have not capital constraints on the pipe, but really human resource and permitting constraints. And obviously, we are very focused on supply and demand in those particular markets because as you know a lot the redevelopment efforts are going to be kind of mixed use element. So -- but we can only go as fast as the permits and our human resources can do it. And it does take certain markets specially California where we have a pretty big pipe and in Seattle with Northgate a huge development there -- development that based on phasing, but -- and over a period of time and the approval process there is going very well, but that's a spend that could approach a billion dollars given the opportunities we see with that site. So unfortunately, we got to tear them all down first each time, which were -- I think we will start in eight days, right? So I think that -- to get back to your question, I think the biggest constraint is really just human resources and permitting. So, it's not -- listen we don't want to be carried away with the balance sheet. And as Rick mentioned, I mean we are very -- every once in awhile, we will take on a flyer on development or redevelopment, but we certainly when it comes to -- allowance comes to capital, as you can see over the history of the company we are very, very, very thoughtful on that. I mean we don't bat a 1000 you see I am using the baseball analogy but we -- so we are very thoughtful on that. And then, I think the buyback -- look, we are going to be opportunistic. REITs will always be and I think I read, not to quote Steve Walk [ph] because we don't want to give him a big hit, but I do think REITs are always going to be somewhat limited on buybacks compared to industrial America because of our need to pay out our taxable income obviously to maintain the REIT status. And that's why if you leave with anything in this call is we had paid out $30 billion, that's with the D, dividend in the history of this company, which is pretty damn remarkable I think. Tom, you agree?
Tom Ward: Agree.
David Simon: Okay, so -- and so it will always be something nice to do, but we are always going to be somewhat constrained just because we are paying out so much capital and dividend. Now the reality is we would buy -- we didn't have to pay out on our taxable income and we would be a cash flow machine, we would buy a tremendous amount of product check. So it will always be there for us to be opportunistic but we can't overwhelm given our pay out on the dividend front.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it, okay. And then maybe just you do have a history of raising FFO guidance the vast majority of quarters in the past. So, just wondering if you could give some detail on how maybe results played out during the quarter. How that related to your own budget and what prevented you from raising the full-year guidance. I know that in previous set of questions you did mention potentially that bad debt was trending a little higher than you had originally predicted.
David Simon: Yes, I probably bored you. But the reason we haven't raised guidance this year is a few things. And I will just restate what I said. We have lower lease settlement income than we had budgeted. We have lower distribution income from our interest -- essentially in value retail. We don't equity cap for that. As you know we cash account -- cost accounting. Not to bore you I don't know what you background is, but cost accounting -- cost accounting still exist, correct?
Brian McDade: Yes
David Simon: If you know how old I am, but cost account -- basically we only book with what cash we get. So anticipate a little bit higher distribution income from our investments and value retail. We haven't gotten -- we have the stronger dollar. Obviously we had unanticipated bankruptcies. We didn't budget SOP though we kind of knew that we might do it, we just -- it's kind of out there and we decided well, it's out there and then obviously the anticipated bankruptcies. On average rent, we are trending above in the mall business, but below in the outlet. And I have explained that basically it's not a function of the business, it's a function of tourism and a strong dollar being basically reduced in the country, and we are not the only company in America that's telling you that. You can see that and from a number of different lives.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it, okay.
David Simon: So that's basically -- so that's what's been going on and why we haven't raised guidance this year.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Hill from Morgan Stanley.
Rich Hill: Hi, David. Good morning. First of all, thanks for reporting prior to the open. It's nice and refreshing to have it mixed up from deluge of companies reporting after the close. I appreciate the color on FFO guidance. And I wanted to also maybe talk about retail overall and maybe how you are thinking about some of your investments. So maybe first, could you maybe give us an update on your [indiscernible] stake and if you would think about increase that? It looks like that's been a pretty good investment, and then maybe also an update on the test [Ph] consumer facing platform as well.
David Simon: Okay, so having just been in a board meeting last week, I think that they are doing an excellent job. They are very well positioned. Their balance sheet which continues to be much better than their peer group, and their cash flow their like for like I can't remember exactly what the number was, but I thought it was pretty good given what's going on and continue to sell asset sure of the business. And what we have seen is a company that continues to operate better and better over the years that we have invested. I would say you -- it's unlikely we would ever -- I mean if we go over 30, I don't know if you know the rules, we have to offer the whole company. I would say it's not in our plans to ever to do that right now. But, I mean it's certainly in our option that we would have down the road, but it's not in our plans at all. So, with that said -- and then our SOP, we have -- we are still invaded. We have got 12 retailers, 3000-ish brands on online, we're going through kind of the kink, so you can have access to it. If you are one of our loyalty members, we got another 15 or so that's in the process of coming on board. And our plan is to make it public sometime in the third quarter. And I'd say to you, we've got a lot of interesting things going on with that platform. Beyond just that, but I can't really share much beyond that other than stay tuned. I do think we can have a -- I do you think we can create a real business opportunity for us in this area.
Rich Hill: Got it. That's it for me. Thanks for the transparency and thoughts David.
David Simon: Sure, no problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico from Scotiabank.
Nick Yulico: Thanks, David. I just want to go back to the topic of redevelopment and also tied into questions about total portfolio NOI growth. And I think we can appreciate how redevelopment and disruptive NOI process with some attractive payoff down the road. But we get a sense of timing of, when this will start to benefit overall portfolio growth because it's not showing up in the numbers this year. And if you mentioned your guess, is that we're in a third inning of this process. I mean, does this mean that it's going to be an ongoing drag on total portfolio NOI growth, or does this change at some point in the next year or so
David Simon: Again, just to be clear I -- there are three major elements on that. One is the -- that's where the currency, stronger dollars hurt us. Number two is we sold an asset for when you sell an asset, you don't have the income. Okay. So, and then the third element is our redevelopment. So, the reason that the properties there are relatively flat, and normally, we would see growth there. So I just want you to put that in perspective. So with that said, I'll address your question. Look, I think you'll start to see benefits in 2020 later, but you know, it takes time, I mean, that's -- the reality from a new development point of view. You know, we don't have a lot. So a lot of the driving as a new development was through that line, we did decide to more or less buy the land and also to build also premium outlets yesterday, and the outlet there. So that's a go project. We still have some hurdles to do. But that's pretty much so. So I, and that's open in 2021. And we've got a lot of the International outlets are really open in late 20 and early 21. So it's going to take time. Now, Nick, here's the important thing. You will never hear from this company. We will have a throwaway year. Okay, so even with kind of like yes, it's not that exciting. We're not going to tell you wait for next year. Wait, we don't wait for good deal. Okay, not here. So, yes, we're, it's going to accelerate, but we're worried about '19 and '20 and '21. So we don't have throwaway years.
Nick Yulico: All right. I appreciate it. That's helpful. Thanks, David.
David Simon: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai from Barclays.
Linda Tsai: Hi, your weighted average interest cost is pretty attractive at 3.49%. And then in 2020, you have some higher rate debt maturing for both consolidated and JV debt. You know, with the 10 year having trended lower, do you think you'll achieve some interest rate savings on these upcoming maturities?
Brian McDade: Hi, Linda. It's Brian. Yes, look, as we look out into the future and looking it through the perspective of today's current interest rate environment, certainly there would be some pickup if we stay in this environment for a longer period of time.
Linda Tsai: Thanks, and then hopefully heard this correctly, the bankruptcy impact on SS NOI year-to-date was 100 bips, but then given some subsequent comments about fallout being hired, does that mean that the full-year impact on SS NOI would be greater than 200 bips?
Brian McDade: Now, I think what we said to you so far, the -- Let me re-state what you just said. So there's no ambiguity. We had kept that live growth to 2%. We, generally, based on our budget would have been a little over three, had it not been from the unanticipated bankruptcies. We're still -- our goal for this year is still 2%.
Linda Tsai: What's the overall impact of bankruptcies on same store for '19?
Brian McDade: We just told the year-to-date, it's around 100 basis points.
Linda Tsai: Okay. Thanks.
Brian McDade: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston from Deutsche Bank.
Derek Johnston: Good morning, everyone. Thank you. You've covered a lot. So just one for me if you don't mind, David, look, I like malls, okay. But acknowledging that sentiment on malls have been pretty poor, so far in 2019. Frankly, worse than the fundamentals, and clearly, nobody knows your business better than you guys. So when you look past '19, with 2020 and beyond fast approaching, what is the management team most excited about opportunity wise or strategically speaking?
David Simon: Well, thank you, very great question. So I would say, the most exciting, the most difficult thing that we -- I mean, in terms of exciting but difficult in terms of work, and execution is the ability to redevelop our centers. And while we're doing with the fifths of the world, the North gates of the world, [indiscernible] down the line is to me, really, really exciting. I mean, yes, it's a lot of work. I'd rather have my feet up on the desk. But that's the most exciting. So, it's -- we have been constrained Derek on how to redevelop a lot of these centers, because we had to run through all these hoops with the department stores. Well, if we've got the space back, and we have their acreage, then we then the only thing constraining us is our imagination, and our ability to get permits, and obviously you got to be grounded by supply and demand. So that to me is the most exciting opportunity ahead of us is to really re-imagine the center now, you're right about the mall business sentiment. Now, Rick and I rolled it up. Rick is a little bit older to know that people have been trying got kill off the malls for clearly to be 60 years, right? So was -- with the current centers, it was the power centers, it was, Walmart, it was Amazon. It was this guy or that guy, look we're resilient. Rick and I are all like cockroaches. Okay, we're going to still hang around. So -- but I do think that doesn't mean that we've got a -- we can't keep re-imagine or places. And I would say that the most exciting. The other thing I would say to you, Derek, that is as exciting to us is because of our high-quality portfolio or high-quality balance sheet, the stability of our cash flow, even with all the turmoil going on in our, the retail world. You know, we have lots of opportunities beyond what we do today. And we evaluate those with keen interest.
Derek Johnston: Thanks, David.
David Simon: Sure
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller from JP Morgan.
Michael Mueller: Yes. Hi. David. You mentioned you have 77 assets that generate more than $900 to put the sale. Can you give us a sense as to what portion of your pro rata NOI those assets represent?
David Simon: No, but well, I'll -- just let me think about whether I should give that word. What you might say, was that Michael, you may tell somebody a joke?
Michael Mueller: No, no, I got it
David Simon: It's well over. You know, it's well over 50%, it's probably 70ish. Give or take.
Michael Mueller: Got it? Okay. And then maybe push it a little further at the opposite end of the spectrum. How small is the contribution from the assets doing, say, less than 500 a foot?
David Simon: I don't have those numbers at top of my head, but -- 
Michael Mueller: Okay.
David Simon: But no worries.
Michael Mueller: 70% is helpful. Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay from RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay: Hey, good morning everyone. I'm looking at the international properties in the total NOI bucket. And I'm seeing that that's been growing about 4% year-to-date. First question is that largely comparable? And what is driving that strength?
Rick Sokolov: Well, it's largely comparable, other than there may be an expansion here or there. But remember, that's also been impacted by FX. So it's actually probably would be higher than that. You know, had we compared the last year? Most of that, most yes, the dollar has been obviously, significantly stronger, and we had budgeted to be not as strong, and it certainly year-over-year comparison stronger than where it was last year, because the vast majority of that is comfortable. So that guys have -- 
Wes Golladay: Would you ever consider putting that in the total bucket and maybe adjusting on the constant currency basis?
Rick Sokolov: You know, I thought about it, and we should do it? Because it would demonstrate the -- I mean, the fact is, I think a lot of people forget about this diversity and the high-quality portfolio we have. By the way, the 77 assets that would average over, over 900 is not has nothing to do with our international assets. They all I'd say by and large, well over 1000 foot. So, we thought about it, but then I don't know it's just, I don't know, we decided not to but I we thought about it, we certainly generate higher comp NOI growth. And I know, others do, do that. They'd lock it in there. So maybe one day, but then you would ask what the domestic business is and we'd be back to where we are today, right?
Wes Golladay: Can you keep them in the separate lines? But yes. That's why. Thank you.
Rick Sokolov: Yes, no worries.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Christy McElroy with Citi.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, it's Michael Bilerman, here with Christy. David, I wonder if you can sit back and think about the mall or the retail competitive landscape from a landlord perspective. And you talked about the turmoil and the retail industry is clearly affecting different of your peers in different ways, especially those that don't have the cost of capital or balance sheet. I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about perhaps your market share of retail leasing. And whether you believe you're getting a disproportionate share of retailer store openings or a lower share of retailer store closings, given that relationship and where you stand relative to all the other mall peers?
David Simon: Well, I actually don't think, Michael, that I actually, referenced to any of our peers in this call, other than to say, we do have the -- we do have some expertise that maybe others don't, when it comes to, it comes to, looking at opportunities or restructurings of retailer. So, look, I would say to you, I don't really think I referenced the peers all that much.
Michael Bilerman: No, you didn't. I'm asking the question about whether you are running the company are feeling and so you're getting a disproportionate share of leasing or a lower share of closings, given retailers' desire to be in your portfolio given a lot of the others things that go along with Simon, including the balance sheet and all the other variability, are retailers more --?
David Simon: Yes, no, I got the question. And I would answer it this way, and Rick can add or embellish on, I would say simply we've always -- we've kind of always had that position frankly, because of the quality of our real estate. And the fact that the quality of our real estate, the organizational strengths, and so on. So maybe on the margin it's even more important today. But I think that the stability of the organization and the quality of the real estate and the fact that people know we're going to invest in our real estate certainly helps, and certainly shouldn't' be overlooked. And I will say anecdotally, without numbers, and whatever that's worth. I mean landlords do matter. Historically maybe in a go-go time period maybe they matter less. And I'm hopeful that as retailers look at whether it's in downsizing or restructuring or growing whatever the scenario is they do take into account who their partner is. But I think we've always been in that spot, maybe it's slightly enhanced. And I do think the landlord -- the ability to invest, I mean Rick and I run around, we talk to people, they say, "Yeah, we know you're going to take care of your properties." Maybe there's a few retailers that want to put in what I call "The clause" where that if we don't own it they can do whatever the hell they want. At least we try not to do that, but I mean we hear stuff like that. But I'd say that's kind of on the margin. Rick, please embellish.
Rick Sokolov: The only other thing that I would add is that our portfolio creates a lot of profit for these retailers. They are not charitable institutions. I think they do hold us in high regards, witness our result. But the reason we have an ability to interact with our retailers in a productive way is because they make a lot of money in our properties. And when they think about their business it's in their best interest to do business with us. And that's a function of all the things that David's been talking about the entire call about reinvesting in the property, having a stable balance sheet, having all these inventive and innovative plans. It all comes down to having more productive properties. And that's what gives us, I think, an edge.
Michael Bilerman: David, can you talk a little bit about sort of all the 5th platform initiatives. You've obviously had the outlet online business you've done at eSports, the CBD shops, there's a lot of other little bets you're placing in a lot of different ways. I guess how should we think about how you're spending your time on all of those initiatives? And how should we think about the capital that you may put forth to additional programs to drive [indiscernible] assets?
David Simon: Well, I think you'll see more and more of it, Michael, and can't really quantify it because it is opportunistic. But look, all of this is kind of return based. I mean it's not money that we're willy-nilly just throwing there hoping it sticks, it's not spaghetti up against the wall. But I do think we're going to be as creative and as innovative as we possibly can be with the guardrails that we have historically used, which is making sure that's a good return on investment, making sure that it's synergistic to what we do, making sure that we're betting on the right people and the right product and the right vision. But you will absolutely see more from us in this area. And I'm hoping from that what -- we've been fighting the fight for years that we're more than a mall company. We've always defined ourselves as a retail real estate company from the get-go. Even when we went public we were more than a mall company. We have morphed into retail real estate, we've morphed into outlets, we've morphed into the Mills, we've morphed into international. So we are densifying our business in terms of -- so I am hopeful that with time, even though we are categorized as a mall company. Again, I'm not running from the mall business here. As someone asked earlier, what one of our most exciting things we have is redeveloping all this anchor space. But we are much different than that. And that process and evolution will continue. And we're hopeful that we will be profitable in it like we have in our other ventures out of our traditional business. Not our core business, our traditional business.
Michael Bilerman: This one, sort of strategically, as part of when you spun off WPG, which in hindsight I think those assets clearly would have been a little bit more of an anchor to your growth. You did spin off the open-air shopping center business. I guess as being a retail landlord does that business and the potential to maybe re-aggregate in that space or that's not on the table at all?
David Simon: I don't think it's on the table. If I understood the question I don't think it's on the table. I think there's a lot of opportunities ahead of us, I just wouldn't rank that as high up there.
Michael Bilerman: And then how does the U.K. which is obviously going through -- the stocks there are obviously having a lot of difficulties given their leverage position. You had Queretaro try to do something. Does that rank high on your list?
David Simon: I'm more worried about my -- the season is about to start for my team Crystal Palace. I'm more worried about it. And I have another -- I want a solid year this year. I'm tired of watching the relegation fight. So I'm more worried about that right now.
Michael Bilerman: All right, thanks for the time, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to Mr. David Simon.
David Simon: Okay, thank you and have a great rest of your summer. And we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Simon Property Group First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President-Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Bridget. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, Vice-Chairman; Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good morning. We had a very productive quarter and are pleased with our financial results. Results in the quarter were highlighted by funds from operation of $3.04 per share, an increase of 5.9% compared to the prior year. Our reported FFO exceeded -- per share exceeded the First Call consensus at the end of the first quarter by $0.10. Adjusting the prior year for the $11.3 million impact of expensing internal leasing cost our FFO per share growth was 7%. We continue to grow our cash flow and report solid key operating metrics. Total portfolio net operating income increased 1.7% compared to prior year and our comp NOI increased 1.6%. NOI growth was impacted by approximately 100 basis points due to the impact of retailer liquidations and bankruptcies resulting higher bad debt expense, unfavorable foreign exchange rates and slightly and NOI, slightly lower NOI from properties undergoing significant redevelopment. Redevelopment activity is moving quickly and in some cases, it's moving quicker than we originally anticipated. For example, the transformation of Northgate in Seattle, which was originally budgeted to occur next year, will start this summer with the demolition of the mall. The NOI will be significantly reduced while we begin this massive redevelopment. These types of decisions are in the best long-term interest of the asset and our future growth. Especially when you think about a property like North Gate where we are replacing a majority of the retail with the NHL Seattle Corporate office, practice facility, ice skating facilities for the public as well as significant residential, hotel and office uses. Leasing activity remains solid, average base minimum rent was $54.34. The malls and outlets recorded leasing spreads of $14.17 per square foot, an increase of 27.3%. Reported retail sales per square foot for our malls and outlets was 660 per foot, compared to 641 in the prior year period, an increase of 3.1%. Keep in mind this growth is on top of a very strong growth throughout 2018, and reflects a late Easter and Passover as well as some recent lackluster tourism spending at some of our tourist oriented centers due to the strengthening dollar. Our malls and outlets occupancy ended the quarter at 95.1% an increase of 50 basis points compared to prior year. On the outlet business which we continue to drive corporately, we broke ground and it's interesting to note we broke ground on Siam, Premium Outlets in Bangkok, which is our first outlet in Thailand. This center is scheduled to open in the first quarter of 2020. We are also delighted to have received approval to begin construction on our luxury designer outlet in Western Paris located enormity. The center's proximity to Paris, coupled with its affluent fashion conscious local trade area offers significant opportunity for tourists and locals. Construction actually in May of this year. Queretaro, Mexico in May will open and Malaga in Spain will open in the fall. We will also open a new outlet in Cannock, England in the fall of 2020. So let me just restate this. You're talking Bangkok. You're talking Paris. You're talking Mexico, Malaga, Spain and Cannock, England all because of our corporate resources dedicated to the outlet business and all of these will be thoughtful investments, high return on investment and add to our overall franchise value. Redevelopment activities are underway at more than 30 properties domestically and internationally across all of our platforms, where we are creating monitored, innovative, live, work, play, stay and shop communities. This includes 10 former department store space, redevelopment projects that are ongoing and we have more than 25 projects in various stages of pre development. We continue to then supply our centers with the addition of mixed use components including hotels, multifamily office and uses. As examples during this quarter, we started construction on a 430-unit multi-family residence at Round Rock Premium Outlets and construction began on 80 hotels by Marriott at Delano [ph] 177 keys, Sawgrass Mills, 174 keys as well. Our extensive identified pipeline of more than five billion in new development, the redevelopment opportunities across all of our platforms will fuel our future NOI and FFO growth and reinforce our well located properties. As many of you know, we're excited to have launched the data version of Shop Premium Outlets and are encouraged by the feedback we have received thus far. This is a unique long term investment for us, which capitalizes on the power of the Premium Outlets brand, our large base of loyal and engaged shoppers and the strong relationships we have with our retail partners. This is an opportunity to extend our reach, enhancing and deepening our relationships directly with our shopper. We look forward to a full public launch, ongoing cost in the platform. We'll continue with these costs running through our income statement. Balance sheet, our liquidity at the end of the first quarter was $7 billion. We expect to generate approximately $1.5 billion in cash flow after dividend distributions, which we will use to fund the investment in our development and redevelopment opportunities. We continue to have the strongest credit profile in the industry, including net debt to NOI at 5.1 times, fixed charge cover ratios of 5.1 times and approximately 95% of our indebtedness is fixed rate, long-term issue rating of A/A2 and during the quarter, our board of directors also authorized a new common stock repurchase program with $2 billion. Today, we announced our dividend of $2.05. This is an increase of 5.1% year-over-year. Including this dividend, we have now officially paid over $100 per share in dividends to our shareholders since becoming a public company. Yet another accomplishment that separates us from others. We're also reaffirming our guidance this year in the range of $12.30 to $12.40 per share. Just in concluding, we produced another quarter of impressive results and operating metrics. We continue to operate our business with a long term view, a focus on cash flow generation, managing each asset as if it's our only asset. Our track record speaks for itself whether it's 1, 3, 5, 10, 7, 6. We have outperformed the industry and earnings cash flow and dividend growth, through the combination of our assets, people, hard work. We expect to continue our industry leading track record. And we're now ready for any questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is open
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. Just to clarify what's the Opry Mills settlement in your original guidance of 2020, $12.30, $12.40?
David Simon: Well, Craig we don't give specific itemized guidance. As you know we do give you comp NOI guidance, and I think, it's important to remind folks that every year we have a lot of ins and outs of our company, because of our size. So this year as an example, we expect to have lower lease settlement -- lower lease settlement income from -- compared to last year. We budgeted a higher distribution income from our value retail investment, which we now expect to be lower. We have a stronger dollar than we anticipated. We're accelerating our vacant anchor and redevelopment program, as an example in Northgate, which does about 15 million of NOI. We're shutting that mall down essentially this year so that's different than our budget. And then obviously, we have some unanticipated bad debt. It's now not called bad debt, but I'll call it bad debt for this quarter because of the -- you know the bankruptcies that occurred in the first quarter. And then we have certain SPO cost. So as much as you would like us to itemize each and every aspect of our business, we will -- we don't do that. We're a big company. We've got roughly $5 billion of FFO. So, again put that in perspective. We are an earnings machine. That's how we think about ourselves. We obviously knew about the settlement when we gave you guidance. It was disclosed in our 10-K at on February 22, but when we disclose that. But we don't give itemized specific guidance because of the nature of our company is a little bit different than others. And I hope that addresses your question.
Craig Schmidt: Okay great. And then on the leasing spreads that are up 27.3%. Was this impacted by anchor releasing or what drove that number higher?
David Simon: Yes, I think it's generally a mix. We are taking out some less performing retailers, putting in better ones. We're not going to guide necessarily for that, that spread, but we're certainly proud of it. And our mix continues to change. We -- we have felt confident we still have leases that are under market and we expect to continue to post the positive leasing spread.
Craig Schmidt: And then just finally, the month-to-month leases increased. I know this, they did that last year as well. Is there anything that happens seasonally that increases month-to-month leases in the first quarter?
David Simon: Not really. I mean, a lot of -- a lot of the bigger, larger accounts just take some time and that's really all that's ongoing there.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Well, thank you.
David Simon: Sure. No problem.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Jeremy Metz: David, morning. Going back to last quarter, you were expressing some caution around the closing environment and the bankruptcy that you saw lingering out there. You seem to know that you thought they were going to pick up. We've seen a number of closing announcements since that last call. So just wondering how you're feeling today, looking at what's out there and what still needs to possibly shatter here in 2019?
David Simon: Well, good question, Jeremy. I think it's safe to say that we did anticipate some bankruptcies. We are looking at a few others that we'll see how they -- how the rest of the year shapes up for them. We were a little bit -- a lot of cases when you do run into a bankruptcy, you do see kind of a reward [ph] opportunity. Couple of bigger ones just liquidate it that was different than our plan. But that's what makes our company unique is that, well take that space back. But that's what makes our company unique is that we'll take that space back, we will lease a lot. And I don't think it will affect the long-term prospects of our cash flow generation, but it's going to take some work this year to balance that. But I think most of the bad news is behind us. I can't guarantee that.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. I appreciate that color. And then just I was wondering if in terms of your tenant sales, and 3% increase, is there any sort of additional detail or just color you can provide across some of your bigger categories here to understand kind of what's helping lift that, and on the other side, what's what's dragging on it right now?
David Simon: Yes, I'd think [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, it's Michael Bilerman. David, I don't know if it's just our line, but your line it sounds like you're at a bad McDonald's drive through.
David Simon: Well, I don't -- it may be your line. I haven't heard that before.
Michael Bilerman: No, no. There you go. Now, now we can hear you. That's perfect.
David Simon: Okay.
Michael Bilerman: Thank you. You talked in your opening comments about the impact to total NOI from the increased bad debt, the foreign exchange. What you're doing at Northgate, which sounds very exciting from an NHL perspective. How much of that impacted the same store 1.6% in terms of -- I know wouldn't be the redevelopment, but I'm sure the store closures and the bad debt may have had an impact, and did that shift at all your view towards the 2% growth for the year.
David Simon: Yes, I think, I said this obviously if I was in the McDonald's drive if you didnt hear it, but for Northgate has no impact on that. That's in the portfolio NOI number, because it was -- it's going through a redevelopment. The fact is though we had budgeted a lot more NOI through that this year, that's now going to go off line. So it does affect our overall $12.30 to $12.40 estimate. And I will put that in mind, remember that's $12.30 and $12.40 which I do think is the leading REIT per share earnings, but you would know that better than I would. And I -- basically the number between the stronger dollar and the extra bad debt expense is around 100 basis points. I did -- I think I said that in my commentary early, but you may not have heard that. So I  and getting to your question, the 2%. If we felt, we had to back off that, we would tell you today, listen there are no guarantees. But we have a lot of levers in this, in this company and we're going to try to achieve that to our best of our abilities. We felt it wasn't achievable, we would back off it. We are not backing off of it. I would say the biggest unknown is not necessarily future unanticipated bankruptcies, but our average rent always is you know at the -- you know we're at the mercy of retail, retailers and that's a number that we do have a little bit of volatility in it, because of our high producing properties. So yes. So that's the one element that we watch every quarter and we'll see how it shakes out. But the reality is if we wanted to back off of 2% we would tell you today that we're not at that point.
Michael Bilerman: Right. Yes, I know what threw me off is when we talked about 100 basis points in the opening remarks. You talked about the impact of retailer liquidations and bankruptcies, resulting in higher bad debt, the effects and then the slightly lower NOI from properties going into redevelopment. And so, I took the 100 basis points as being total. And I was trying to get the impact just at the same store pool on that 1.6%.
David Simon: Yes, it covered a little bit of both. But the reality is, the biggest comp NOI situation is because of the foreign exchange rates, and the bad debt.
Michael Bilerman: And you talked a little bit about percentage rents, and that having an impact as things go through the year with all the accounting changes that got implemented this quarter. From a disclosure perspective, you've now rolled everything into the lease income line. Right. So now that has the minimum rents, the percentage rents, has a tenant reimbursements, if often has the bad debt. Can you...
David Simon: Yes. You say we -- were not its not we talked to talked to our [Indiscernible].
Michael Bilerman: No, I get that. What all the other companies have done is, they've given us a supplemental disclosure. The way it was before in a separate page so that we can still look at the trends of reimbursement, we can look at the trends on percentage rents. We can look at what bad debt was. And so if it's possible. I think I know investors would and certainly from an analytical community we would really appreciate getting the same level information knowing that your face of the income statement furnished to the SEC is going to be the way it is. That you've presented it, but having that supplemental disclosure on each of the line items I think will be helpful as we model the company given the various pieces that do have some seasonality and volatility in them?
David Simon: Well, I appreciate the comment. The reality is, we don't want to necessarily do that. So when the SEC says you can't do that, then youre asking us to do it. I'm not sure what the right approach to do that is. We take your comments certainly under advisement. For us to say bad debt, when there is no longer a bad debt, is not something we necessarily want to do, but well let's see how this year shapes out, and we're not -- we're certainly open to it, but we don't know what to call it if it's not allowed to be. It's contra revenue as opposed to bad debt expense.
Michael Bilerman: Correct. No
David Simon: We don't know. It's a little -- it's a little tricky, but you know, well. I do think generally we disclose all the relevant facts of our company. We have an exhaustive 10-K. We have an exhaustive 10-Q. We do an 8-K. I think our industry; the REIT industry does a tremendous amount in disclosure. Much better than many other you know Corporate America. So you know, and again, I always maybe I fail at this Michael, but our company is -- it's just a little different. It's a little bigger. There's more moving pieces. We're more international, we're got more platforms. We have much lower overhead. So it's just -- we're a different, a little different animal, and to get into the nitty gritty detail that you get from all these other companies, we could -- we could argue whether it's really all that material and relevant. So we'll have that discussion for a later day.
Michael Bilerman: Yes, that was just more, so trying to be consistent with what you've provided before, so that we can keep up with the trends that we've modeled the company for the last 20 years on. But happy to follow up off line and share some examples of with you as well.
David Simon: Sure.
Michael Bilerman: Thank you, David.
David Simon: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: Good morning, thanks. Looking at the development, redevelopment pipeline, yet, you raise the expected yield on that 8%. It looks like it was the new developments that are getting higher yields now. Can you just talk about what's what drove that higher?
David Simon: Well I mean, it changes every, it's just the mix of a little bit. We do as I mentioned to you, we have driven through our corporate relationships, have driven the outlet business internationally. We've got some really good returns on that coming online. And then some of these redevelopments, we're taking back, anchor department stores or are driving that. But it's a mixed number, and it's subject to change quarter-to-quarter. But again, the general theme about our ability to adapt to having accretive return on investment hasn't changed.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then just going back to the online platform, it sounded like for the Simon Premium Outlet business. I mean, how is that, how is sort of early customer adoption looking there, and it sounds like you're spending money on that, but should we think about that as being additive to earnings this year in a positive way?
David Simon: No. I don't think, it'll generate, you know we expect it to generate FFO losses. I'm not -- as much as I know you want to know the number, I'm not going to necessarily give it to you. Certainly, you know and again, this is one of the things that when we budgeted our initial $12.30 to $12.40 that we re-affirm. We weren't really sure whether or not we were going to get the beta or not. But, we're able to withstand, reaffirm our guidance and withstand those losses even though we got the beta. So, and we do expect to be you know for public sometime in the next few months. So those losses will go through. I would think in the scheme of our company, we can handle it. It's a long term investment and we continue to be excited about it, and ultimately be an important part of our company and our platforms. But, it's it's early days there. So I can't necessarily make specific predictions other than to say we wouldn't be doing unless we felt confident. But, -- but we'll see.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Appreciate it.
David Simon: No worries. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good morning. David and Rick. I guess, I was wondering if you could just maybe talk a little bit about the leasing environment. Obviously, it was nice to see occupancy up you know 50 basis points here despite all of the closures and bankruptcies. So just -- what if you sort of think about the pipeline and the activity level, you know how would you sort of maybe stack up the pipeline today versus say a year ago, and kind of the mix of those tenants?
Rick Sokolov: Its Rick, Steve. Frankly, there are still a great many tenants that are happy to have the opportunity to get in to take advantage of the inventory that we have now, that we haven't had historically. And that leasing interest is frankly accelerating. And if you think about it, we've got new retail concepts. We still have a lot of retailers internationally, they're trying to come into this market and have significant space needs. We are growing the retailers, because they all have made the decision. They need to have a bricks and mortar presence. And we still have the brand extensions from our existing retailers. So there is a lot of activity from a lot of different sources, and I think that's reflecting itself in our occupancy and in our spread.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And I guess, David to go back to your comment earlier and this was touched on a little bit about the accelerating sort of opportunities that you have on the redevelopment side. I know you've sort of generally budgeted about $1 billion a year plus or minus. Do you see that number dramatically changing, just given the activity level that you've got or is it sort of on the margin?
David Simon: Yes. I do. I do think you know I do think it's going to increase, but some of the bigger ones that we have ready conceptually of what we want to do. We're still in the midst of planning approval process. So we've got just to take two examples that are jump out at the top of my head, Brea and Stonebridge both in California. I mean are big, big developments, redevelopment I should say with a former share stores that we now control. Those are 300 plus apiece in that range, and that's not, as you know we don't we don't put that in our profile, until we get approval and both internally and obviously with the municipalities there. So, yeah it is. And we are, I mean, we are blowing and going on that front. So generally across the company, we're really, really I'd say as active as we've ever been. So the answer is, I think it's going to go up. It's a little bit out of our control in the sense not that we don't want to do it, but we have some big ones that are going through the planning process. But, I don't think it'll be 2 billion a year, it could average $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion just to give you kind of an order of magnitude. But it is -- it is active and it hasn't. It's not slowing down anytime soon.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Thanks very much.
David Simon: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning. Good morning out there.
David Simon: Good morning.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey David. Yes, I'd echo Bilerman's comments on the disclosure. If you get your accounts comfortable with it to break out those line items that were compressed and aggregated would be -- would be helpful. One of your hallmarks has been growing cash flow annually and not you know just presenting the numbers as you grow regardless of -- if you know this quarter it seems more like an anomaly as far as what was going on the quarter between the outsides [ph] Opry Mills on our numbers it looked like NOI was late. I obviously, I can't speak for my peers, but as far as the NOI that's coming off line for the redevelopments, you mentioned that you're not going to guide line by line, but yet we're all looking at you guys making your number. Are there some points here that you can talk about maybe whether there was some onetime items that impacted NOI in the first quarter, or maybe sort of quantify what the NOI impacts are from things coming off line, that help us you know better..
David Simon: Yes. Look, I think I explained that to you. But I'm happy to do it again. I mean, we have -- we have we are. Let me just say this. I think we had a very strong quarter. And our numbers are pretty damn good. But I appreciate, I appreciate your comments. Let me, let me give you a few things just comparing quarter-over-quarter, but also keep in mind, we did lose, we did have a much. And again, it's not called bad debt expense anymore, and I know I know everybody knows that I know accounting. So you know it's not -- it's not, it's not bad debt, it's contra revenue. But we had a much, we had a much bigger bad debt expense than we did quarter-over-quarter. And that's what affected our comp NOI number now. And I also want to make sure you understand that the Opry settlement is not in our net operating income. Are you clear on that? That's in our other income area.
Alexander Goldfarb: Yes of course.
David Simon: Okay. So, but we also had lower lease termination income from quarter-over-quarter. That was a material number you can basically see that that was around 7, so I'll just give you a couple things. And that's why I think you'd feel a little bit better about what we -- what we produced this year. We had lower lease settlement income, $0.07. We again, we do only and I've made this perfectly clear. I made it perfectly clear last quarter. We as you know we're an investor in Value Retail. We only book. We do not book our pro rata share of net operating income or FFO. We only book when we get cash receipts. So i.e. cost, the cost method of accounting. Are you familiar with that? I am. You are, that was one of my favorite classes. The reality is we had $0.06 lower and you can see that in our 8-K obviously least capitalization foreign exchange. We did dispose of our HBS. You know HBS, Europe operations. You know that's another $0.05, $0.06 you put it all together. So that that gives you a sense, and kind of what's moving around. And again, that's what we -- that's what happens with the size of this company. And again, I try to -- I try to push people there because that's what happens. But, we did have 7% growth when you take into account, just trying to normalize the new accounting for leasing cost, which is pretty good and in a market thats dealing with a lot of bankruptcies. And then as my favorite would say, and I wrote about him once, I don't want to attribute to him but I'll say, not too shabby. Okay. Not too shabby.
Alexander Goldfarb: And then can you just. David, but can you give us some context for the rest of the year, the NOI that maybe coming off line from the redevelopments?
David Simon: Well, it's all in our twelve thirty to twelve forty. And again, what I was trying to explain on Northgate we had budgeted, you know the one thing we're not going to do is budget every mall and show you every mall NOI and it's just -- it's not what we're about. And again, remember to take twelve thirty five times three hundred and sixty three shares outstanding and that's our total rental total FFO. We work and I just give you a simple example, okay. We were budgeting Northgate mall around 15 million of NOI, because we thought the redevelopment of that was really going to start in earnest in 2020. That 15 million is going away, okay. That's just one example. But I'm not going to get in here about every up and down in our company because we've got -- that's not what people do when you run a big company. Okay. If you have 10 assets or I don't know who does that but that's not what public companies should be talking about. I mean, we have ups and downs on assets every time. And what you said earlier still holds true.
Alexander Goldfarb: You mean that you guys just grow year after year?
David Simon: We're going to grow year after year and we have $1.5 billion positive cash flow after dividends and let's keep that in mind as well.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you for your time.
David Simon: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi. Good morning. I'm wondering if we could talk on the leasing spreads to this quarter they were pretty high. And I guess that's understandable as department store space gets converted to higher rent uses. But I was wondering if you could comment on in line space in particular, how rents trending there? How would you compare in place rents versus market rents for that, I guess subset, but significant subset of your space?
David Simon: Well, again if you look at our occupancy cost we still feel like we have a -- certainly opportunity to continue to drive spreads, and I think that hasn't changed. And then when you add the redevelopment opportunities are getting either the space back for the right price and/or lease is terminating with these boxes like you know the penny box with King of Prussia where they were basically, I don't remember, Rick, what were they paying a foot five, six
Rick Sokolov: $5.
David Simon: Five bucks a foot. And we haven't even started on that one. I think there's going to continue to be the rent spreads that we have historically achieved. The environments, obviously there's a little bit more supply due to the bankruptcies. On the other hand, you know and I don't want to overemphasize this, but generally the retail community really values physical retail on one hand. On the other hand an additional hand they are now valuing who the landlord is. Who has the capital to continue to invest and evolve the product, which was the mall business has been doing for year after year, it has been around 60 years and it is always evolved during that period of time and will continue to evolve. We're in a good spot because one is they want physical retail. It's profitable to them. Two is the landlord today and I assure you this, please talk to whomever you want. You guys have a great system of information at Goldman Sachs. And it could get into the consumer business even more you'll have even more information. Is that the landlord is really, really important. It's always been. But now the ability to invest, the ability to make the products and continue to evolve is really important. We have those attributes. So we have to execute, but that's you know people are going to when they when they look to open to buys and they look to make a bet on it, were going to be top of mind.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it.
Rick Sokolov: The only what I think to add, David has been emphasizing the size of our enterprise when we have our -- thats statistic that millions of square feet of openings. So that's not something that's not a number they can't influence by just one or two transactions. That's a whole lot of transactions and that's a very pronounced trend.
David Simon: And I'm glad you said that Rick. So when I would also say to you is that we don't feel like you know one of the reasons we've grown, the way we've grown is because we've been really decent capital allocators. So I think, Caitlin you'd say that, right?
Caitlin Burrows: Yes.
David Simon: You don't have to answer it. It's not fair. I don't have to say it. You can write whatever you want to write. So don't answer that. So -- and the reality is our size as Rick mentioned also allows us to say, hey, you know we'll just milk this asset because we don't believe in the long term location. So, we can actually be almost scientific. I mean our business is an art not necessarily a science, but we can be scientific about where we want to put our capital because at the end of the day not any one particular asset obviously some are more important than others is not going to make or break our company. So that again gives us the ability to be you know it kind of feeds on itself in terms of why you're a decent capital allocator, because you can be clinical in the sense about where you want to put some doubt. And I hope that makes sense to you.
Caitlin Burrows: It does. Thanks. And then maybe also when we think about comp center NOI, so its 1.6% 1.6% in the quarter. I know when you guys were originally giving guidance youd pointed out that in 2019 kind of extra additions from development wouldn't be as significant this year. But now you have the growing pipeline, so I guess any commentary you could give on when we -- when you think that redevelopment activity will start to create a larger spread on that total portfolio, NOI growth versus comp center. Could we see that in 2020 or you think it would take longer?
David Simon: No. I think 2020 is good because we have a lot of new developed coming online and I do think you point out very good points in that. We always thought this year was going to be a little muted because we really -- I mean the international outlets do take time. We have a couple opening this year, but most of that's open in 2020. And then we have a lot of redevelopment ongoing. It's opening in 2020. So then you've got obviously the downtime -- when you when you're restructuring a piece of real estate like Northgate then you've got a lot of moving parts about that. And literally we just made the decision, we were studying the last two or three months and we felt like look if we just go ahead and scrape the center we're going to accelerate the development. That's not great for our earnings this year, but in the long run it's the right thing to do. So, we have a we have a number of those that we just -- we're just going to try to make the right real estate decisions as opposed to short term earnings impact. But yet with all these moving parts, with all the volatility with certain retailers we're still got growth. We've still got a billion five cash flow. We still have the best dividend coverage. Were still growing our dividend and we're still had growth in our earnings. With all that said and our new investments in SPO [ph], I mean we're going to -- we're trying to land the plane at the $12.30 to $12.40 range which as my friend, not a friend. he doesn't know me but I feel like I'm a friend, not too shabby. 
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Thanks for that.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Rich Hill: Hey, David. I saw you bought back some shares this quarter. So I was hoping you could maybe give us some color about how you think about that relative to the various different capital allocation choices, decisions that you've mentioned previously on the call?
David Simon: Look, I think we have that flexibility if there's weakness in the stock, well get active. We've been  we did it in 2017 and 2018. Its certainly, we feel like it's a good investment and investing in our company through share buybacks is a real opportunity. And that's why we've got it. We had run out of our authorization and that's why we got -- that's why we got reauthorized. So, I expect it to be in our arsenal this year and if there's weakness in the stock well we're going to be active.
Rich Hill: Got it. And then one modeling question. It looks like in 1Q 2018 and other income, you had some distributions from other international investments which maybe were not included in 1Q 2019. Is that something that we should expect to come in 2Q or 3Q or was that a one-off event in 1Q 2018?
David Simon: Yes. Look, this is associated with our investments and value retail. That's one of these things that we have. I said it earlier but I'll just restate it more succinctly I hope. We cost account or that. So we only book cash income when we actually get this dividend or distribution, technically its a distribution from the business. Last year we -- that was all associated in the first quarter. We had budgeted number this year. It looks like that number maybe, we may have over budgeted. So, but again it's a little bit harder for us to budget. So, we took our best estimate. Unfortunately it's coming in lower not because anything is going on with the business. It just -- that's just -- we're not in control of that situation. So, we don't anticipate that coming in like you're going to see that in Q3 or Q4 or Q2. So, and that's all associated, that distribution income is all associated with our interest in value retail.
Rich Hill: Got it. Okay. That's it for me. Thanks you. That's very helpful.
David Simon: Thank you. Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning. David, just since you're talking about capital allocation, I'm curious where is external investment, whether that's another malls, platforms or even I guess financing other malls that you might not own, fall on the spectrum of that allocation considering that your redevelopment pipeline is around 7% to 8% return. Do you give much consideration to that these days?
David Simon: That's a good question. The reality is nothing has peaked our fancy at this point. I wouldn't rule it out but it's, honestly we looked at a few things, not again corporately but just the asset here or asset there. Nothing has really peaked our interest, but that's still -- we're still looking at individual assets here and there. And there could be one or two that we would add to the portfolio, Jeff. So it's still there. We're fortunate enough to be in a position where we could do that. We do have people that approaches to do stuff and if it's really good long term real estate fairly priced I mean I think we would have an interest but it's not -- we're not, I'd say we're not active, that active but it's -- I wouldn't rule it out. But we're not that active.
Jeff Donnelly: Do you feel you're better served by waiting? You certainly have one of the better balance sheets, better liquidity if anyone out there in the public markets and probably private markets and access to capital is certainly key right now. Do you think you're value propositions get better the longer you wait?
David Simon: That's a good question. I don't -- what do you think? Some days I wake up saying I should wait, other days, I don't know. The answer is I don't really -- it's a tough one to say. I think we've been doing the right stuff, but we're happy to take input.
Jeff Donnelly: I'll hold off on that a little bit. If I could maybe for old times sake direct one toward Rick? Is it -- some of the other retail REITs out there have been saying that the challenges in the volume of tenants coming in the front door, it's the flow leaving out the back. I'm just curious with Sears and the Sears filing behind us if you will as an industry, do you think Simon has seen the peak of unanticipated tenant loss, the ones that surprise us all whether you manage that is square footage loss or rent loss. Is that all in the rear view mirror or do you think this is sort of a plateau we're going to operate at for a little while?
Rick Sokolov: David mentioned it earlier, we would hope that we'd have seen the vast majority of the fallout from the over-levered retailers that just liquidated. You can never say there isn't going to be somebody else out there that goes, but we're making very good progress in releasing the space. We are getting back and we still have very good demand then. The bottom line is our properties are getting better and better, there's $1.5 billion that we're talking about. We're adding great tenants, we're renovating properties, we're adding amenities. We are making this portfolio better and more attractive to retailers. So I think we benefit in the long run from what's going on because our properties are getting stronger and others may be getting weaker.
Jeff Donnelly: And actually, the last question for you David. Can you talk about the costs you see with the shoppremiumoutlets.com website and is that just merely a referral site to your retailers or are you guys engaging in fulfillment there?
David Simon: Well, it's early days. Ultimately, I can't predict exactly all the services that that this business will provide. And no, unfortunately I cannot give you the cost, other than the cost of this is now again another thing when we budget our numbers we weren't really sure whether were going to get to better or not and ultimately operating. We're now doing that. And it's kind of been in our estimates, but I can't -- I'm not going to itemize it at this point. At some point we anticipate we will, but in the meantime we're just going to accept the burden in our overall corporate numbers.
Jeff Donnelly: Thanks guys.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: Hi. Good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Michael Mueller: Just curious how well is the bottom quartile of the portfolio holding up when you think of sales, spreads, NOI growth. Is it close to the average or is that a big gap?
David Simon: It's everything is an asset by asset. Again, you've got to look at the asset in its trade area and what's going on with that trade area. I mean there are a couple of malls where we've had the department store closures. It's interesting, we've actually seen a small shops pickup from that, but it could put -- maybe there were leases in those from the department stores so those no longer are generating income. So I would say when we look at sales and everything else, there's no absolute trend that you can put a finger on and they're still holding their own. We have a big portfolio. There's always going to be a couple of assets that that put pressure on, put pressure on us, but we've been dealing with that for since I've been here that's just 30, let's see what years?
Rick Sokolov: Its over 19.
David Simon: Okay. So that's only 29 years. Ricks has been doing it for 63 years. I'd say, he started this when he was five, so, it would be a lot more fun. So, I mean we always have assets that put pressure on us and we figure out how to deal with it. But a couple of them where you had a couple of department stores close at the same time. Yes, they are little bit more of a pain in the neck.
Michael Mueller: Okay. But it doesn't sound like there's a broad based large gap once you had a certain sales level toward the bottom?
David Simon: No. It's really. It really is an asset by asset, and what -- is it the only mall in that trade area and all the typical real estate stuff.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. That was it. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Barclays. Your line is open.
Linda Tsai: Hi. The line item that you call bad debt expense isn't really bad debt expense? You said it was up a bit quarter-over-quarter. Do you think 1Q is the higher, could 2Q to be higher and when would it start to see improvement?
David Simon: Well, technically it's now called a contra revenue number. So I'm not -- we don't -- we had an anomaly in Q1. We don't expect that to happen the rest of the year. So I don't know if that answers your question, but we did a much bigger contra revenue hit to our revenue this year  this quarter versus certainly last quarter and our expectations of that are to decrease.
Linda Tsai: Okay. And then when you look at some of the advances that Amazon is making, most recently the availability of one day Prime shipping up from two days, do you think this  do you see this is having a meaningful impact is driving more market share shift? Some analysts have discussed the idea of shipping elasticity faster you get something the more you buy. I'm just wondering if you have thoughts about this?
David Simon: Well, I mean there's -- and that's a big question lots of lots, I don't want to talk about one particular company, but that's a big question and probably Im happy to talk to you about online. I do think from a society environmental point of view we should be thoughtful about this drive for, what is it do to our environment? What does it do to our infrastructure to drive this one day shipping to whomever does it. And I don't know. We'll have to see what happens. I think our retailers do generally have a real significant advantage with the footprint that they have because the bottom line pickup in store doesn't cause extra transportation and environmental cost. It already exists and it does -- the consumer does want convenience and speed and it seems to satisfy that desire. So, we'll see how that offsets against the one day shipping. But I don't really have any other comment than that.
Linda Tsai: And then final one; how do you feel about the retail environment in the U.K? What are some of the similarities or just similarities you see with the U.S. right now?
David Simon: While in the U.K, we're only in the outlet business. And right now with the pound it's actually pretty decent. So, we don't have any pull price in England and with the pound a little bit weaker tourism, okay, we're building a new center there that we think will be good. I mean, there is some trepidation from retail commitments on the new stuff. But long term we don't expect any real inability to lease outlet up.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of in Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Good morning. So, talking about your shop Premium Outlets platform it's an interesting idea and there's probably a lot of upside from data analytics to the fees or just being more involved in the ecosystem. So, a couple of questions. One, how the demand pipeline looking from other retailers wanting to sign on? And second, while there is kind of interesting single interface in the backend piping is actually at nine different retailers that are funneling up their different systems and shipping methods to SPO. And for example if I'm a customer that want to buy one thing from each retailer, I would get nine different packages and pay potentially nine different shipping fees. I realize this is just a beta version, but longer term how do you think about that? And do you to offers kind of singular shipping and make it really work?
David Simon: Well, I think, listen, you can't -- when you build something it's like building a shopping mall. When you build something, you know what that mall is today maybe something what it is it's going to be different five years from now. So I think we -- that's how we're thinking about that. And I think all the great Internet companies and startups and all of the new technology companies have all started with one product, one idea and then morphed into several. I mean obviously you can look at Amazon, Google as prime examples about where they started and where they end up. You can look at we works. You know they call themselves we company now because they go in different directions. So I think you have to put that -- we're not even close to those companies, but we have to think about our product just along those lines and that we start somewhere as we get traction we add to it. So in direct response to your questions I will say we're adding more retailers. We do have a universal shopping cart. And yes you're right, we're not in the fulfillment business today but one day we could be, one day we could be doing it from the mall or the outlet. So we'll have to see how it transpires. But it is early days. And I think the retail receptivity has been rewarding otherwise we wouldn't have started. If the retailers hadn't expressed an interest in our product, we would have killed it couple years ago.
Ki Bin Kim: And you bring up an interesting point about the Internet companies, but they're also kind of bound by a different set of rules versus Simon, I mean I think it feels like the focus is on lot more revenue than expenses, almost like 90-10. But for your company, a cash flow driven company, the markets probably are a little bit more hesitant to allow you to express losses for the sake of kind of a longer-term revenue potential. So how do you, how do you think about that dynamic?
David Simon: Well, I guess, I guess what I would say to you is there is nobody that values cash flow more than me. And I think you know that, right? So we're getting into this business, it's got -- we're going to invest in it like we invest in our real estate product. If we thought -- and I -- there is no guarantees. You're right, it could, maybe we don't find the secret sauce, maybe we don't get the consumer buy and maybe this maybe that. But there is nobody that values cash flow more than, more than me. And we've got enough of free cash flow that is to build this platform and see where it goes, and if we, if we're not successful then we're big people and we'll go on to the next. In the meantime, we're not going to risk the company. It's not make or break, it's -- I don't want to say it's on the margin, but this is what we do, we invest in our products and this is just another produc.
Ki Bin Kim: All right. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan with BTIG. Your line is open
Jim Sullivan: Okay. Thank you. David, not to beat a dead horse, but I just want to be absolutely clear in this, when you have the insurance recovery out of the operating mills this quarter, I think you made it clear, but I just want to confirm that those recoveries are not in operating income, right?
David Simon: Thats correct.
Jim Sullivan: Okay, good.
David Simon: It's absolutely correct. And by the way, it wasn't a recovery. Well, it was a recovery, but we had to actually litigate to get the recovery. So it was a settlement of the lawsuit, but that is not in our net operating income to be absolutely clear.
Jim Sullivan: Okay, good. Thank you. Second question. You've talked and written for a couple of years about kind of the industry issue about over-levered private equity owned retailers and how they conduct their business and how it's really not been good for your business. It appears, and I don't know maybe Rick can chime in on this, but the so-called digitally native retailers that some quarters have written a lot about appear to be in the early stages of doing a series of IPOs, we'll see if they're successful, but a few of them who I think are in your centers are talking with underwriters and we may be entering a phase where the next phase of capital formation in terms of who's company in the front door as opposed to who is going out the back door. Maybe a group of well-capitalized maybe profitable maybe not, retailers who are going to raise a significant amount of capital in the public market, we'll see if that develops. But I'm just curious from your standpoint, do you regard these this new retail, this new development of retailers as a material source of incremental demand or not?
David Simon: Well, I would generally say yes, but I think we're early days in it. I don't expect suddenly a 60 store or a 100 store expansion from the folks, but I do think -- and with all the -- with all of the changes that have occurred in our industry and with all the changes that have occurred in corporate America, I will say this, the entrepreneurialism, the idea, the ability to get something funded, the idea to create a new concept has never been greater. That's terrific for us. We want to nurture those. In fact, we're not opposed to helping those folks grow their business and in some cases we'll invest in that. There is nothing -- I'm not saying that it wouldn't be great not to -- people -- I don't necessarily love people shopping online, Jim, as you might imagine, but this technology has allowed just a lot more entrepreneurs to get started. And I think that's terrific and we're embracing that and trying to help them in every way we can and I think it's good. Are they at the point now where they're going to do a 100 stores a year, no, but in some cases 20, 30, 40 stores. Rick, I don't know if you want to add?
Rick Sokolov: The other thing that I would say and it's sort of related but different; there have been several announcements about companies spinning off various businesses. Historically what we have found is when these new businesses are formed their first call is to ask to figure out how they can grow that business because now they have a dedicated management team and dedicated source to capital and a much more focused growth strategy because there are standalone business and that there is something that going on right now that I think is going to augur well for us in the future as well.
Jim Sullivan: So green shoots, but not maybe material element at this point?
Rick Sokolov: There is activity and we're taking advantage of it and it's more than isolated instances. I mean we're working with scores on these retailers online and they are all agreeing that having a bricks and mortar presence is an essential component of their overall offering. So that is a very good thing and we're taking advantage of it because they're going to the better properties which we have.
Jim Sullivan: Okay. Very good. Thanks guys.
David Simon: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Wes Golladay: Yes. Good morning, everyone. I just had a quick follow up on Jim's question and we talked about the digitally native tenants, but are international tenants coming to the U.S. a bigger portion of the leasing versus the digitally native? And then who is driving the majority of the shop lease, and is that still the existing tenants?
Rick Sokolov: Well, international tenants think about international, H&M is an international tenant, Zara is an international tenant, Uniqlo is an international tenant. These, all -- these tenants all have substantial space needs and are looking to have the United States become a major market as part of their global footprint. So they're a much more significant source of demand right now than the online retailers.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then the existing, I guess the leasing you're seeing right now, is it still more domestic tenants or is it the International tenants actually exceeding those right now in the open to buys?
Rick Sokolov: It's hard to say in terms of comparing the two. They both have significant demand and that's been reflected in our occupancy.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Thank you very much.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hong Zhang with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Hong Zhang: Hey guys. Two quick questions from me. I guess number one, are you still expecting any business interruption insurance from Puerto Rico? And would you be able to provide what the sales per square foot number is on an NOI-weighted basis?
David Simon: Yes. On Puerto Rico, no. And then on the NOI-weighted number is sales $8.42.
Hong Zhang: Do you know what it was last year, 1Q 2018?
David Simon: [Indiscernible]
Hong Zhang: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes, good morning. Just along Ki Bin's line of questioning, I just wanted to focus on XPO a little bit. First of all I wanted to -- if you could just remind us what economics of that business is in regards to what kind of deals you strike with the retailers when someone actually does buy a product through the site? And then second of all, also wanted to understand the competitive advantages of the platform in regards to what stops one of your competitors from doing a very similar thing? A - David Simon Well, okay. Well now the answer is we're not -- we get a percent of revenue, and just like we get in our in our leases today. So it's very similar. We get very much what marketplace driven internet side would get. We get a percent of revenues. Our competitive advantage and I'm sorry, I kind of you know we have great premium outlet portfolio, where the consumer knows what we stand for in that business, both internationally and domestically. We had terrific CEO relationships at the retailers across the board. We're known in through our Simon Venture Group and we're known in the technology space. We've got personal investor relationships throughout. We have the wherewithal to make the investment. And it's a little more complicated about why we chose initially outlets versus malls. I don't really want to go through that. But, I do think we have competitive advantages that a few have. But, I guess somebody could try and do it, but we'll see.
Omotayo Okusanya: But there's nothing contractually that prevents a retailer from signing on to a similar platform, if someone else tried to do it?
David Simon: No, not at all.
Omotayo Okusanya: Great. Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
David Simon: Yes, no worries. Thank you. Okay. I think that is the last of the questions. So we appreciate all the comments, questions and input and we'll talk you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2018 Simon Property Group Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At the time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now to introduce your host for todays conference Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President-Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good morning. We are pleased to report another year of record results, which marks our 25th year as a public company. Our full 2018 FFO per diluted share to be $12.13 an increase of 8.2% year-over-year, which will be at the high-end of our peer group and we beat the top end of our initial 2018 guidance by an impressive $0.11. Over the last four years, we've grown our FFO per share on a compound annual basis of 8%. And to provide perspective on our FFO generation, we produced approximately $165 million in our first full year as a public company, $165 million. And in 2018, we produced $4.3 billion. Through the commitment to our strategy, active portfolio management, disciplined investment, relentless focus on operations and cost structure, we have increased our annual FFO generation by more than 25 times since our IPO. For the fourth quarter, FFO was $1.15 billion or $3.23 per share, an increase of 3.5% year-over-year. We continue to grow our cash flow and report solid key operating metrics. Total portfolio increased 3.7%, more than $230 million for the year. Our top NOI increased 2.3% for the year and 2.1% for the fourth quarter. Leasing activity remains solid. Average base rent was $54.18. The malls and the Premium Outlets recorded leasing spreads of $7.75 per square foot, an increase of 14.3%. We are pleased that retail sales momentum continued in the fourth quarter. Reported retail sales per square foot for the mall and outlet was a record $661 compared to $628 in the prior year period, an increase of 5.3%. Retail sales were strong across the portfolio, with growth in consecutive months throughout the year. And each platform ended the year at record retail sale levels. Our mall and premium outlet occupancy ended the quarter at 95.9%, an increase of 40 basis points from the third quarter, an increase of 30 basis points compared to the year prior. And leasing activity accelerated throughout the year, with occupancy for the combined malls and Premium Outlets increasing 130 basis points from the end of the first quarter through the year-end. We opened two new outlets in 2018: the Premium Outlet Collection in Edmonton, Canada; Denver Premium Outlets. Construction continues on three new outlets in leading international markets, two of which will open this year: Queretaro, Mexico will open in the summer, and Malaga, Spain will open in the fall. We're also under construction on a new outlet in Cannock, United Kingdom, which will open in the spring of 2020. We expect to break ground on a new outlet in Bangkok, Thailand in the next few weeks. And our new development and projects and extensive pipeline of development opportunities across all of our platforms reinforce our industry-leading position. Important to know, our diversified income generation by geography and product type, with 48% of our NOI from domestic malls, 42% from our value platform, which is the Premium Outlets and mills; and 10% internationally, distinguishes Simon from all other retail real estate companies that are trading publicly. We completed a number of redevelopment expansion opportunities across our portfolio during 2018. Again, the expansions include Aventura; Toronto Premium Outlets; Shisui, Japan; Johor Premium in Singapore, where reclaiming department store spaces continue to be a focus and significant opportunity for the company. We currently have 10 anchor redevelopment projects under construction, with a gross cost of approximately $725 million. And we have an additional 25 opportunities we're actively working on that are in various stages of development. We continue to fund these redevelopment projects through our internally generated cash flow. Quickly turning to the balance sheet. Continues to lead our industry. Our liquidity ended the year at $7.5 billion. We have the strongest credit profile metrics in the REIT industry. Net debt-to-EBITDA of 5.1 times, lowest in our sector. Our interest coverage ratio was 5.1. Our long-term issue rating of A/A2 continues to be the highest in the REIT sector. Our balance sheet continues to be a distinct advantage that should not be overlooked. During the quarter, weve repurchased approximately 287,000 shares of common, for approximately $47 million. We also redeemed 405,000 limited partnership units for $74 million. Going to the dividend. We paid a record dividend in 2018 of $7.90 per share. We have achieved the compound annual dividend growth rate of more than 11% over the last four years. We have paid more than $28 billion in dividends over our 25-year history as a public company. Today, we announced the dividend of $2.05 per share for this quarter, a year-over-year increase of 5.1%. At this current rate, we will have paid more than $100 in dividends per share by the second quarter this year. Before I turn to our outlook for 2019, let me summarize our 2018 results. We posted another year of industry-leading, record results, including revenues, cash flows, FFO per share and dividends. Our reported FFO diluted share  per share for 2018 was $12.13, which beat the midpoint of our initial guidance for the year by $0.17. Moving on to 2019. Our FFO guidance is $12.30 to $12.40 per share. When analyzing our 2019 range in context of our 2018 results, it is important to note the following. We expect the impact from FASBs ASU 2016-02 the new lease accounting standard to reduce FFO per share by approximately $0.13. There were some items included in our 2018 FFO per share. They are not expected to recur in 2019, including our gain of $0.10 per share related to the contribution of our investment in the Aeropostale licensing business for an increased ownership interest in ABG. Higher income related to distributions from an international investments of approximately $0.05 per share. These non-recurring items are approximately $0.15 per share in FFO for 2018 when you then adjust 18 for those factors you get to $11.85 with our new guidance for 2019, we will have approximately 4% to 4.5% growth compared to this adjusted number for 2018. We expect our 2000 growth rate will be at the high end of our peer group. Also keep in mind when we are looking at our 2019 number, we are expecting lower lease settlement income in 2019 compared to the prior year. We will have lost rents in 2019 due to closed department store spaces and the downtime related to redevelopment of those spaces. This impact to our NOI this year is temporary, as these investments will yield healthy returns and accelerate our NOI growth in 2020 and 2021. We expect the impact of rising interest rates and a stronger dollar to affect our results for 2019 compared to 2018 and we also had the loss of our share of the FFO from the German operations of our HBS joint venture, which was sold at the end of 2018 for a gain of $91 million. So, therefore lot there, hope you are fast studied like I am. Additional assumptions supporting our 2019 outlook include the following. Comparable NOI growth for combined Mall and Premium Outlets and Mills platform of 2%. No planned acquisition activity or retail disposition activity, assuming no launch of our consumer-oriented platform and a diluted share count of approximately 356 million shares. To conclude, we had another excellent year, capping a solid first quarter century as a public company. We have consistently posted industry-leading returns along the way through hard work, innovation, great people, and great assets as in any industry is more important than ever that we drive change, focus on delivering, exceptional experience for our tenants and consumers, and we are now ready for questions. Thank you for listening.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. First just wanted to congratulate Rick given the changes that are going to come later in 2019.
RickSokolov: Thank you.
Craig Schmidt: My questions, I guess, you touched on it in your opening comments, but maybe you could talk about some of the other possible impacts from the repurposing of the Sears anchors you know like sales disruption or any kind of competition you might have to give tenants while you're working on the Sears space and especially with the densification efforts?
David Simon: Well, you know, Craig again, I think, I'd implore you and other people that covers just, you got to look at it differently. We are in  some of the numbers that I gave you need to be factored in. So, we started, our enterprise in a $165 million of funds from operation. Today, we have 4.3 billion. We have 48% of our business in the Mall business and when we started it was 90% through 95%. So, there's always disruption in our industry, department store spaces that we reclaim either through lease termination or acquisition, we think will be beneficial in the long run. There are down-times associated with that and like I said, well  that's all kind of manageable for a company like ours, and we give you the best sense of our guidance, and it is kind of all factored in there within this range that we hope to produce. We have obviously a history unrivaled frankly, I think, about beating expectations. We'll see this year. We've got a lot going on. So I don't  we're not going to zeroing about one particular property, one particular tenant, one particular issue because you got to look at us on a broader basis. We're a little bit different.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, thanks. And then I just wondered, if you've been having any discussions with JCPenney about potential store closings?
DavidSimon: No.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is now open.
Michael Bilerman: Yeah, good morning. It's Michael Bilerman here with Christy. So, David 
David Simon: From the hip I'm like happy, but I don't know, Rick. I think Rick is squarer down here. What do you think?
Michael Bilerman: I just hope that Rick is still going to be on these calls to go through the laundry list of retailers that are coming into your malls. So, David, you are pretty quick to deny the speculation of Simon trying to buy Macerich, which I can understand, if you are buying them. But, I guess, if I step back, why wouldn't you buy them because every deal that you've done in the past 25 years has worked out pretty well for shareholders. Great cost of capital. You talked about your under leveraged balance sheet being a distinct advantage that shouldn't be overlooked. You have an unbelievable platform that can produce synergies, you've proven out your redevelopment and densification efforts. You can probably access as much third-party capital as you wanted. You've consistently raised your cash flow and your earnings, which has led to dividend growth, which is pretty much contrary to every one of your peers by the way. So with those set of facts and the performance, why wouldn't you be more aggressive on the acquisition front?
David Simon: Well, first of all, Michael thank you for recognizing some of our achievements. Over the last 25 years I mean we do  we try to explain the company maybe we're not very good at it, to our best of our abilities we're a little bit different because of some of those factors. But obviously, Michael, I'm not going to comment on any specific company. We tried to do a deal with Macerich long time ago that's, as I've said before yesterday's news. We're glad to partner with them in Carson, which is moving forward and but I'm not going to comment on any deal we may or may not do or any particular company. We have no plans currently to do kind of M&A activity and we're very focused on what we've got in front of us. We're excited about the continuation of the evolution of the mall industry the way it's been evolving for 60 plus years. We are excited about our outlet business in the international, breadth and depth that it has. And as I mentioned in my calls you know we had leading sales per square foot in every platform. So we've got plenty to do and we have no plans at all to think about anything and we're focused on executing the vast amount of activity that we have.
Christy McElroy: Hi David, it's Christy. Good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Christy McElroy: You're coming off of a year of positive sales growth from a tenant perspective. You've been able to gain occupancy and maintain pricing power. Just from where you sit today and what you're seeing in terms of the health and store performance among your shop tenants. Would you expect that 2019 would be a little bit of a tougher year from a tenant sellout and leasing perspective? And then just sort of related to that, as you've been building your fifth platform and announcing more consumer-focused initiatives, maybe you can talk about what you see coming down the pipe in 2019?
David Simon: Well, maybe I'll just start and Rick can chime in. Look, I do think on the retail front, the strong are getting stronger. It's  as you've seen by numbers throughout the retail community, the days of a rising economic boat don't lift  or tide don't lift all retail boats. And you've had a lot of over  outperformance and a lot of underperformance. The underperformance, I can talk off-line on a theory of why that is, but I don't want to bore you. And there are some retailers out there that were nervous about. I mean, so far in the first quarter, bankruptcies are trending lower than they were in 2017 and 2018. However, there's some rumored names out there that could ultimately end up being a similar 2017 and 2018. 2018, as we said and as we look and anticipated 2018, we thought it would be less than 2017. We were ended up being right there. But I do think there will be more bankruptcies to come in 2019. And that's why we're relatively conservative as we look at our comp NOI. Because, look, it takes time to  it's a little bit out of our control when we get the space, and then to do a lease takes time. And even though as much as we anticipate it, we  would just take time to lease the space. So I mean, we have our work cut out. We are concerned about a few retailers. That should shake out in Q1. But I think the retailers that are investing in their product, in their store experience, in their branding were having decent results. So physical retail can produce good results, but it can't be distracted with a lot of other activities. And obviously, as you know, we've had a number of retailers. The list is long, the landscape is littered of leveraged buyouts in our industry that we continue to sort through. So that, I hope, answered the first question. On the second one, look, we're very close to launching this platform. And if these things always  it's a little bit like building something, but it's not quite as certain, it's more like to building internationally, where you think you're going to open in Q3, it goes to Q4, then goes to Q1. We've had a couple of those in maybe Spain and Mexico, where it happens, delay a quarter there. So it  I would expect us to launch. It will affect, I mean, again, I mean, we're going to  you see our numbers, it will be  the earnings impact to it will be, I think, completely on the margin. I hope the market appreciates that. But because we don't have a set date yet on when that might happen, we're not going to put it in our numbers. And then if we launch it, we'll show it to you. We will say, oh, boy, that's worth a shot. It's not a big deal. It's a couple of cents here and there. And it's an unbelievable investment in our future, and we'll see where it goes. So we expect that to happen, but a little bit  we just don't know exactly when we'll launch, so we've been hesitant to say, it's a Q1 or Q2 or Q3 debut. So again, in summary, with the retailers are focused on product, brand, service, they're doing better, that they're leveraged. We have an investment in their business, overinvested in e-commerce, struggling. Leveraged buyouts were not ultimately beneficial, by and large, to our business. That's kind of working its way out of the system. And we are excited about our fifth platform. We expect it to debut, but when and how is a little bit up in the air, so we'll just keep it at that. We'll keep it off the table for now. But when we do, we'll share it with you. Again, I think we're pretty transparent. I mean, the reason  I guess, when you take a step back and think about our company, we're not  we got all these assets. We got all these business. It's all international. It's outlets. So if we got as granular as you wanted, it would waste your time and waste our time. So again, just  you've got to kind of think of us a little bit differently that we're not these handful of assets here and there yet. And that's why we tried to give you a broader, bigger picture of what we're all about and what we expect during next year or this year.
Christy McElroy: Great, thank you, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks, good morning. David, I don't know, you or Rick, maybe just talk about some of the newer tenants and some of the more online tenants, kind of your experience and success bringing some of these folks into the mall. And sort of your outlook for their growth into 2019 and 2020?
Rick Sokolov: Hi, it's Rick. Just to step back, in all of these discussions, the single-best thing we have going for us are incredibly strong properties across all three of our platforms. So in any dynamic any of you talk about, the key is do we have places where retailers want to be, and happily, we do, and they're getting better by the day as we invest our capital and enhance them. In terms of the retailers, e-retailers are certainly one aspect of it. And there, we're working with probably 40 different ones. We've rolled out Untuckit. You've heard out all the names, and they want to be not unlike any other retailer in the best properties. And so we are doing deals with Warby Parker, Fabletics, Indochino and Untuckit, and I could go on. And they are finding success. And you don't have to take our word for it. You can take what they're saying. A lot of them are expressly raising money to roll out more stores. So that has been an interesting and important part of diversifying our tenant mix and keeping our properties current.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then, David, I just wanted to circle back. You talked through about the anchor redevelopment. And you said you're actively working on another 25. Just in terms of sort of the mix between retail and hotels and office and multifamily, how are those sort of projects sort of breaking out in terms of the alternative uses?
David Simon: Actually, I think we've never been busier on the alternative uses. We got a list in the 8-K that shows you what's been approved, but that doesn't  I think, essentially, that pales in comparison to the future activity. I'll just  three off the top of my head, Steve, that are massive mixed-use projects, include Northgate, which we have made a deal with the NHL franchise in Seattle, to do their corporate office as well as their practice facility and ice facilities for the general public. We have Brea, which we have a reclaimed department store space that is in the process of permitting to do a massive amount of residential. Same thing with Stonebridge in California, so those aren't even on our list. We, obviously, had a significant redevelopment. We're feeling the pressure what we're going through in our portfolio. So I would say by and large, when we're looking at these spaces, they're much more focused on changing the mix, adding additional elements. And then adding the wellness, fitness, restaurants, resi, hotels to kind of make it kind of a standard statement of live, work, play, et cetera. So rarely is it just small shops. And I would say, by and large, the vast majority has all those elements that I just mentioned. Do you, Rick, want to
Rick Sokolov: The one other thing I would say to you, to echo David's point, this trend is accelerating. This time last year in our K, we listed 11 projects for 2018 and beyond. This year, we have 19. And as David said, we have many more that are in the pipeline that are going to be coming in here. So we have a dedicated team. We have demand because our properties are located in great places. And that is going to be an accelerating portion of our development activity.
Steve Sakwa: And maybe just to follow up. Just on the cost and kind of yield when you sort of look at these future projects, just given what we've seen in construction cost increases, how would you sort of, I guess, estimate the returns on the future projects versus the ones that are  either recently completed or currently underway?
David Simon: Well, I mean, look, it's not redevelopment. I mean, it's not new development returns but I think our redevelopment efforts will be consistent in terms of return that we have over the last several years. I mean, it's certainly accretive to the value of the asset, otherwise, we wouldn't do it. And 6 to 10 is kind of the range, and a lot goes into that, Steve. But accretive to the value of the asset, otherwise, we're just not going to invest. I mean, the  we don't feel like we have to, because of the size and scope of the portfolio, we don't feel like we have to invest in an asset just to maintain it. That's not to say that we don't do appropriate maintenance investments, like a typical renovation and that kind of stuff. But we don't feel compelled to do it. We do it with the lens of what the consumer expects, what the retailer wants and what the value of that asset is in our minds. And that's when we pull the trigger. Our investment returns  and we haven't batted 1,000, as my favorite  I don't want to attribute because you may get mad at me. But I think our returns on investment have not been too shabby over our career.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks. Thats it from me.
David Simon: Sure. Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning out there.
David Simon: Good morning, out there is right, its  I want people to know its cold and snowing. But we are here.
Alexander Goldfarb: Well, at least the malls are heated. So they have somewhere to warm up.
David Simon: You bet.
Alexander Goldfarb: So Rick, congratulations and David, I think you said $25 billion in dividends over the time, which is pretty remarkable.
David Simon: Alex, you've never been great at math, not as good as we are, but its $28 billion, $28 billion.
Alexander Goldfarb: $28 billion. Okay. So, I was a little off.
David Simon: I'm just kidding, it was a joke. Okay, just  you are very good at math actually.
Alexander Goldfarb: Your time. Just following up on Christy's question on the consumer platform that you're talking about, I mean, you're  is this something like Simon brand ventures that will interplay with  throughout the company or this truly is something totally separate and apart from your existing malls, mills, outlets et cetera.
David Simon: Well, it is, put it this way, we would not be doing what we're doing, if we didn't own the assets that we own then had the branding that we do and had the consumer touch point as well as the retailer touch points. So, it is absolutely unequivocally related, and we hope it will be synergistic between what we do today, and what we want to do in the future. So, we would not be doing it, if we didn't have the business that we're currently obviously involved in day to day. So, it is complementary and where it goes will be a function of our commitment to invest, our courage to invest, conviction and our ability to execute what we think might be a real interest.
Alexander Goldfarb: But this is something that would add like where SBV adds NOI or adds income to the overall company. This would be something commensurate, correct?
David Simon: Well, there will be an investment period, but the reality is, yes, we think it will have a financial return associated with it, but it is a little bit, there isn't a serious investment period before we get to that point.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the next question is on retailers, you said, you're expecting more shake out. Clearly minimum wage increases and just strong economy, low unemployment is pressuring on the wage front. Across your tenants, are you seeing all of them absorbing the higher wage or are the rising incomes allowing them to offset by raising their prices because their consumers are having more income. Just sort of curious how the wage and operating expense dynamic is occurring with your retailers, and if you think that's going to be a growing pressure point among your tenants?
David Simon: Well, I do think the category that seems to be most sensitive to that today is clearly in the restaurant category. So, I do think those pressures are affecting decision-making. Now we haven't and I think that  it's interesting because they're very  those folks are very sensitive to location and to the extent that states have enacted minimum wage laws were higher than federal mandated numbers. It's got to be a really unique opportunity for the restaurant toward to do it, and thankfully we have most of those, but is it affecting the marginal deal in some of those states. I would have to say, yes, I don't necessarily see it on the, what I'd call, the soft goods apparel side. I haven't seen it in the wellness other side, but I think it's something to pay attention to and where we see it initially is in certain states and primarily when it comes to restaurants.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi. Good morning.
David Simon: Good Morning.
Caitlin Burrows: I was just wondering, if you could go through the decision to do buybacks during the quarter and then generally how that compares to your other uses of capital?
David Simon: Well, on the units, it was just  we have the right. So, by and large we believe in the growth of our business units. We have the ability when they want to convert to buy the cash. So, it's a pretty easy simple trade and we'll continue to do that as that happens. And there was a period of time in December, obviously, where the world was changing, I mean, obviously equities were being whipsawed around and we took advantage slightly, but we took advantage of that whipsawing.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. And then on the balance sheet side also which obviously is a great differentiator for Simon. You previously had $600 million that was actually maturing today. So, I guess, I was just wondering what were the sources there and especially considering the development spend this year. Do you plan to issue new unsecured debt?
Brian McDade: Hi, Caitlin. This is Brian. You're absolutely right. We had $600 million maturity today. As David mentioned in his remarks, we ended the year with 7.5 billion of liquidity. So we use existing liquidity to retire those notes this morning.
David Simon: Good news is we paid it off.
Caitlin Burrows: Great.
David Simon: That's not always the case in the real estate industry, okay, that we pay it off. Caitlin Burrows
Caitlin Burrows: And then maybe one more if I could. Could you discuss maybe market rent trends? And where they're stronger versus less so, for example, by U.S. quality or outlet versus mills or open air versus enclosed?
Rick Sokolov: It's Rick. Frankly, we are having pricing power across our portfolios. And again, that is the function of quality of the properties. It all starts there. And as we continue to improve them, we're able to drive our rents. And I think your  that's demonstrated in the spreads that we've reported.
David Simon: Look, I would only add to that. Look, the reality of how leasing works is that it does take time to lease space, right? It's not like we make a deal, we negotiate the lease, the retailer builds the store, blah-blah-blah. So with  and if you look the NOI growth, I mean, it's only  the comp NOI growth, it's only  it's being affected by some of these retailers that are going through this significant change. And we tend to work with them because at the end of the day, we tend to do it on a shorter-term basis. Because we know, ultimately, we have to re-lease the space to someone. So there is a little bit of supply and demand that we are working our way through, and that's  I think it's been manifesting itself in the numbers over the last year or so. We expect it to manifest itself in 2019 as well. But when it comes to a good property and a good space with a good retailer, we're making strides. But we're working with some of the ones that are going through their various restructurings, and that ultimately has some impact, certainly, in the short run.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Jeremy Metz: You guys  good morning. You mentioned the 10 anchor positions you have underway, the additional 25 you're working on. Just given some of the other development and the redevelopment opportunities you obviously have on your plate as well, are you comfortable taking leverage up some from here as you kick off more of these projects? And is there anything kind of holding you back on starting more of these other than just getting those right plans in place? Basically, would you be comfortable taking the pipeline up another billion when they're ready to go?
David Simon: Well, look, unfortunately, in a lot of these areas that I mentioned earlier when Steve asked the question, there is real process about permitting. I mean, we could show you our permitting file, and you wonder whether it's  I'll refrain. But it is a process where you scratch your head sometimes, because all you're doing is making the asset better for the community and for everybody that lives there. But municipalities are, in a lot of areas, are  you got to go through a real process. We see it all the time. And we still see it in Long Island, as an example, on our project that we have to land and sign off it. I mean, we see it everywhere to go through. It's just a process. I would say to you, Jeremy, that holds us back more than anything, because if I had approvals in, like Brea, we would start and the King of Prussia, we will start. If we had approvals in Oyster Bay, we would start, but we don't. Stoneridge we would start. That to us is governor more than the balance sheet, though, I will say we respect our balance sheet, and we are very focused on it. I'd also say that  but I'd say the permitting is the biggest constraint. The second is, I mean, human resource constraint is not to be underappreciated, because everybody here is really hustling, very active. And pressure is intense here. And that comes as no surprise to most. I mean, that's more of a constraint as opposed to, boy, we can't make this investment, because we're too levered or we're worried about our cash flow generation or our maturities that are coming up. I mean, we don't do that. But I say that with all due respect, because the fact of the matter is if we didn't take that into account, we wouldn't be in the spot that we are in today. So we do take it into account. We just it by  it's just ingrained in the culture that we do it by osmosis.
Jeremy Metz: Thats helpful. Appreciate that color. And then you did mention in your outlook for 2019 your expectations for comp NOI of 2%. You've been more focused on portfolio NOI growth though in most of your commentary, so I know that's what matters more to you. So any color on where the expectations are for that to trend?
David Simon: We didn't  I don't think we're giving guidance there. We don't have a big portfolio NOI because a lot of the new developments that generate that are acquisitions we're not planning on. And we had some delays in a couple of our international deals that I mentioned earlier. We have a reduction in that, because the German sale of HBS. So it's not going to be  it won't be the growth that we had, obviously, in 2018 were we had a more external activity. So part of  it will add incrementally, but it's not going to be like the spread between what we had in 2018, primarily because our developments, as I mentioned to you, have been delayed, and our new developments have been delayed. And again, we sold our HBS German business.
Jeremy Metz: Got it. That make sense. And last one for me. You've had some really solid sales results here, obviously, in the past few quarters. Your lease spreads have been solidly in that double-digit range. I assume you're still obviously pushing your standard kind of 3% rent escalators through. So I guess I'm just wondering if some of that have been translated into higher ADR growth necessarily. Is there anything we are missing there? Or should the ADR growth really start to follow suit here?
David Simon: Well, look, I think that the pressure  I mentioned it earlier. I mean, the pressure that we have is that we are still dealing with a handful of retailers that, for whatever reason, have to go through their various restructurings. Because we can't lease every space, every minute, we tend to work with them, and that does put pressure on our ADR. But it's moving in the right direction. I do think the cycle of the levered retailers is working its way through the system. And I think, Jeremy, at the end of the day, we to just like cleanse, I mean, were suffering the pain. I mean, 2% comp NOI is not  we're not ecstatic about it, but the primary factor in that is the retailers that are going through the various restructurings that we had. So I think, though, as that's cleansed, we'll get to that number. But retailers are very focused on their cost and their operating model. Stores continue to be their best investment and their best return. Obviously, there's a lot to talk about how profitable the Internet is and e-commerce and who's bearing the brunt of the investment and all that. I don't want to get into the psycho babble talk about that, but the reality is, because of a lot of investments they're making, they're looking at every expense category. And they're  we are having those discussions. They're not easy.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks for the time, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Haendel St. Juste: So David, as have been discussed, you have one of the best balance sheet, platforms, track records in the REIT sector. And yet you trade an implied cap rate about mid 5, which seems to be in line with the overall REIT sector. So curious why you think that's the case. If it's fair, and what levers to you consider pulling to address that?
David Simon: Well, I'm not worried. Look, I think you  I think what we focus on is trying to make our product better as opposed to what levers we can pull to where we think we ought to trade at a better number than the next guy. I mean, if I took that philosophy, we'd be more levered. We'd be this. We'd be that. I don't look at it like that. I look at it, how do we make this company better day in and day out? So that's the focus. Why do I personally think that? I have no idea. You guys know better than I do. I always think, why aren't we, given our cash flow generation and our ability to make appropriate, strategic investments and our ability to withstand the restructuring that's been going on in the retail industry better than most, I don't know. If I had to tell you one thing, it's probably because people think we're going to buy something. And then when we tell people we not, they ask, why aren't you going to buy something? So I don't know. I don't sit here and obsess over it. We are focused on making this product better. People that get obsessed with where their stock price is, I think, end up making blunders. That's not a REIT statement. That's a corporate America statement. And that's the philosophy. I hope shareholders appreciate it. Maybe they don't, but that's how we operate the business. That's how, I think, our board thinks about it. How do we make our products better and our business better? When we do that, it tends to manifest itself in the earnings, and then we go from there. But I don't know. I mean, if I didn't answer your question, but I'm happy to hear what you  do you have any ideas, you tell me.
Haendel St. Juste: Well, look, I think, perhaps the sector is one variable to consider. It is a tougher business these days, but I think what you guys have built certainly merits value and should be acknowledged though. I'll just leave it there. My second question is on the rising cost of Labor, which has been well documented. Maybe you could talk a little bit about the labor cost inflation built into your 2019 guide, maybe from a R&M and corporate G&A perspective. The corporate G&A has been trending down the past couple of years. I'm curious if you think that could continue as well.
David Simon: I think we're budgeting pretty consistent numbers for our G&A next year. We don't see any major changes in that. I mean, I think we  the area that we're going to end up beefing up is in the area of mixed-use development. So we're going to be adding some bodies over time. But again it's  that's the other nice thing about the company. We still have the lowest overhead ratio by a large margin. I don't  I can't remember the numbers. It's 2, 2.5, right, to 10, 10 and 11 to other companies, basically your G&A to NOI roughly, right. So I mean, it's a staggering difference, okay. It's not like 100 basis points. It's like 700, 800 basis points. So I mean, that's not going to be anything out of the ordinary for us. But we are going to add some people in certain areas that we need to, to execute our vision on some of these redevelopments.
Haendel St. Juste: And last one, was there any reason that you can perhaps share with us on the sale of the German outlet, I think the designer outlet, Ochtrup.
David Simon: I'm not  I'm sorry, I don't  I don't think that's accurate. What was your question again?
Haendel St. Juste: I was just curious on the rationale for the sale of the German thing you're selling, the outlet.
David Simon: We did not sell the outlet. Actually, Ochtrup, we actually bought a few years ago. What we sold was our  we're partners with Hudson Bay, among others, in addition to other institutional investors. We had the Kaufhof real estate investment that, because of the merger with Kaufhof and Karstadt, they wanted to also own the real estate. So they bought out the real estate interest in the department stores that Karstadt leased. And that's what triggered our $91 million gain. But it's not  we didn't sell an outlet.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Got it. Okay. Thank you for that.
David Simon: Yes, of course.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Tsai with Barclays. Your line is open.
Linda Tsai: Hi, good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Linda Tsai: In 2018, you guided SS NOI to above 2% and came in at 2.3%. And now you're looking for 2% growth in 2019, implying slight deceleration, but understanding that this also reflects what's happening with more closures and the Sears redevelopment. Do you view 2% as a trough? Or is this sort of a steady-state, long-term growth rate for high-quality outlets and mall?
David Simon: Well, we do not think it's our steady state, but we are  because of the redevelopment, we are  there is a significant amount of reduction in 2019 due to income that we received from certain department stores. And then it takes a year or two to build, and we're going to  we're suffering from that in 2019. So that's certainly part of it. And then the other part is, just what I mentioned earlier, just dealing with some of the retailers that have been continuing to go through a more difficult time. But no, we don't  I don't view 2%. No, 2% makes me  I mean, we try to give you a sense of where we're at, we hope to do better, but I do not under any circumstance think 2% is our steady-state.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then through your Simon Ventures Fund when you look at some of these nascent brands you're nurturing for this platform. What are some of the business models or concepts you're seeing that make them more successful versus what's happening with some of the struggling legacy retailers. Are these concepts more niche like in nature or could be grown, scaled and replicated across larger physical base?
David Simon: Well, I don't think you can go from that point to the next point, I mean, I think the retailers that have struggled by and large have had and again we have a list that, and I don't know, if I should, well, put it this way. We have a long list of retailers that have struggled, 80% to 90% of that list have been over levered, so they couldn't turn left or right. And you just can't have too much leverage in any industry and any business when things are  you run into an economic difficulty or you need to make investments, you just got  you have nowhere to go, and if I read you the list, you would, it might  it comforts me in one sense because we would stood this pretty successfully. On the other hand, I might scare you. So, I prefer not to scare you at this point, okay. But it's something that we've been able to withstand. And so, I think, that whole  that's where and the retailers have a vision and whether they're starting from the internet or just been around, but they've invested in their business and their product. We're seeing pretty good results. Let's look at the higher end luxury category, they don't have a lot of internet sales, they invest unbelievably in the store experience and then the product and whoops guess what they had great results. So, not overly complicated, the technology and some of the new concepts that we've seen out there that have been successful, usually it's a visionary leader. It's a visionary group that's dedicated to the business. They may have a little bit different angle on something that exist today. And they just execute it better than the next person. I mean, as an example, we're an investor in FabFitFun, which just raised $80 million from Kleiner Perkins and that's and that's basically a subscription business, which has been done before, but they just know how to do it better and more creatively and with better focus than maybe the next person. And that's always been the case in industries, right. There's somebody  there may be another idea, but the group takes that idea and then just does it a little better than the next person. So  I think the power of our industry is that we can withstand the ups and downs of a retailer  or retailers. There are points in time where it's painful as we go through that with them. But ultimately, whether they turn it around or not, if we get the space back, historically, we've been able to lease it to a better person. So that's what we've done. Now will give you a number that I probably shouldn't, but we tend to be on most retailers' unsecured creditors committees. We have somebody internally that's  he's been around as long as me, Rick, so he's  been through his time. He has  and this is  I think this is actually a great, positive statement about our industry and our business. But he is currently on his 200th, 200th unsecured creditors committee. Now okay, yes, that might say  holy cow, that makes you a little nervous. On the other hand, I mean, we did earn $4.3 billion. And my colleagues that's been on this committee, leasing committee, is on his 200th. So I think more importantly, it speaks to the resilience of our industry, our product and what the consumer really wants.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: Thanks. Just have a quick one. For the 2019 outlook, are there any significant onetime, either expenses or benefits, that we should be aware of? I guess, for example, like the Puerto Rico insurance recovery, anything like that?
David Simon: Well, actually. Puerto Rico came in lower than we thought in 2018. So as a company of this size, we're always going to have some of that stuff. We don't really get into that level of detail. I mentioned some of the other items that we think will be lower this year, like resettlement income. We do think rates rising will have some impact negatively as well as the stronger dollar. Now some of that stuff is moving around. I mean, who knows how it all shakes out. So we'll  we are always going to have  I think that's another interesting thing about this company, is that we're able to create other income opportunities. We have some, but We don't really get into that level of detail. It's all kind of factored into our numbers.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. And then last thing, the sales of $661, Do you have that number on a weighted  NOI-weighted basis?
David Simon: We do, and the number is $832. So we took  I asked, Tom, do people care about that NOI-rated number? And he said no, no one's ever called me or asked me, so we took it out. But the number is $832 a foot.
Michael Mueller: Yes, it just seems like if you're doing in any of the buildup, you should apply a weighted average cap rate.
David Simon: Yes, we don't disagree. If people really like it, we are happy to put it back in, and they can call Tom.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. Thats it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico: Good morning. Just a question on your tenant reimbursements. You had an unusual situation last year where the reimbursements declined about 1% for the year. Same impact in the fourth quarter. So what's driving that?
David Simon: That's usually just the quarterly spread of how things go. Nothing's driving it. I mean, again, you need to look at the totality of the year and not quarter-by-quarter.
Nick Yulico: Yes, that's what I'm saying. If you look the year, your reimbursements declined 1%, and so that's what I'm trying to figure out. What was usual? I mean, your occupancy is going up. Your expenses are going up. How come your tenant reimbursements are going down?
David Simon: Those are the numbers.
Nick Yulico: I mean, is that something, David, when you're talking about earlier when you're working with some retailers, is low reimbursements one of the tools you're offering to challenge retailers?
David Simon: No. I think we had a significant rise in utility cost and other items. So we're not just  you had some disposals that factored in there. I don't think it's anything material.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Good morning all there. When you think about your  the capital you're allocating to redevelopment deal, newer development, what do you think about the risk profile of that newer deals you're doing, like the Sears repositioning or densification deals? Is the risk profile for those deals similar to what you've done in the past in terms of redevelopment? Or it's a little bit different?
David Simon: I mean, that's what we do. I don't  there's no  I'd say the risk is  we don't feel like we are at  on the higher-risk plank than redeveloping a department store space than anything else.
Rick Sokolov: We're applying the same discipline to decide whether were going to build a multifamily or an office or a hotel that we apply when we're doing a retail redevelopment. We do our market studies. We assess market rents, and we make sure that we're doing a good capital allocation decision as we decide to put in these incremental elements to our properties. So the risk is, frankly, the same because we're doing the same underwriting
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Just going back to the same store NOI. Can you provide a little bit more detail around what type of cushion that you're building in, and specifically, the temporary retailer that you're having to recover your position? How much of an impact is that making to that 2% same store NOI growth?
David Simon: Look, we don't do that. I encourage you to think about our company a little bit differently, look at our history and realize that we're a very large company with a very  we don't get into that granular level of detail, and we would encourage you just to look at our history. And the fact that this is the number that we roll up, and we don't really get into that kind of detail.
Ki Bin Kim: All right. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Wes Golladay: Hey, good morning everyone. You mentioned there's some tenants that may be a little less relevant these days, and some of them don't have balance sheet issues. Have you seen any changes in tenant retention at lease expiration? And how much of a headwind is this for same store NOI, due to the 10 basis point headwind each year, or 50 basis points. Any context around that would be great.
Rick Sokolov: We have had pretty much the same percentage of renewals that we've had historically. So that has not been manifesting or seen itself as an issue.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then maybe for a given year, is it typically about a 20 basis point impact? Does that seem about right?
Rick Sokolov: In what context? I mean, we're renewing about the same percentage of the tenants. We have tenants that we are intentionally not renewing, because we want to bring in more productive tenants that are better operators. And we have tenants, as David has referenced, that through own issues, have to be falling out. So that hasn't changed over all the years we've been operating. It's just the same constant dynamic.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Thanks a lot.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is reopened.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, it's Michael Bilerman. I just had two quick follow-ups. David, at the end of your opening comments, you talked about all the changes 2018 relative to 2019, you rattled off the FASB change, the Aero gain, the loss of FFO, the sale of the German operations, lower Houston fees. The impact of rising rates and the rising dollar on your international operations, and then you talked about, and you mentioned it a couple of times was this impact of the lower department store NOI, as you take those boxes back and you redevelop them. Are you able to at least recognize your large company, we should think about you differently, but are you able just to identify the impact of that item you produced $5.7 billion of same-store NOI. I'm just trying to get a sense of how big that piece is, impact of that 2% growth rate?
David Simon: Well, I guess, if material enough to mention it, okay. But again I  we are not  we don't get into this  the granularity of these debates. We ask that you look at our track record and our ability to generate cash flow, I mean, as we did say
Michael Bilerman: And I do that, right?
David Simon: Again, so, I guess, and I answered it exactly how I would answer. In other words, we would mention it, if it was $12, okay, but we also wouldn't mention it, we would mention it, if it's material, but we don't  we're not going to, we don't give that number, it all goes into our buildup and, but we also don't want to make, I mean, and the purpose of not disclosing it is because we don't want to make excuses, a lot of companies say, next year is a throwaway year because I'm investing this that and the other, and we don't do that here. And that's  so the reality is, yes, we're going to have the best growth, I think, in the retail real estate industry. I don't know, if anybody is going to be better, but if there is maybe one or two, we're going to have the best dividend growth probably in the industry. We had the best balance sheet in the industry. And, yes, we've got some setbacks and you know what, we're not going to have a throwaway year, we're just going to keep doing what we do, and we don't want to use that as an excuse and that's the facts.
Michael Bilerman: Listen, I always take when company say. Well, if you exclude this  and then as we produced 10% like well shareholders don't have that choice, shareholders will know the whole damn thing, right. I was just trying to focusing on you brought it up and I was just trying to figure out what sort of headwind it was creating on that 2% number?
David Simon: It is, again, I'll answer it exactly how I should, which is the..
Michael Bilerman: You don't need to answer the same way.
David Simon: Okay. Again I just think, we got  we all want to, let me micromanage, I will micromanage with my team, you guys look big picture, okay And when you look big picture, you're going to say, hey, we paid $28 billion in 25 years, that's not too shabby, and again tenant reimbursements, okay. Well, the real, look, let's talk about tenant reimbursements, real estate taxes go up because the municipalities want to attack the golden goose, they don't want to attack the internet sales, yes, they are like figuring it out. So, let's just see how it all evolves, we know what  we know how to  we know how to deal with the stuff, and we will continue to produce, I think, industry-leading results, if we don't do it in one year, call us where you want to call us.
Michael Bilerman: And then just a clarification on this whole consumer initiative when you and I spoke about this a bunch after you put it out in your shareholders letter last year. You sort of said there is a few cents potentially as a cost. I'm just trying to understand, is that a cost to capital cost or let's say you go out and you put $500 million or it's $1 billion investment, the impact is the cost of carry before the initiative starts to produce results?
David Simon: Again, it's  we pointed out because it's an investment. It's not going to be, let's assume, we earned $12.35. We're not going to be at $12 because of that, okay. We are not, I would appreciate, just the understanding that we're thoughtful folks but, yet, we do need to make investments for the future. And we have the track record that allows us to think about that a little bit that warrants our thoughtfulness. So, it's going to be a number and it's not going to be a big deal and we'll figure it out going forward.
Michael Bilerman: And I have no qualms with the company making investments. There was just more or so I was trying to understand if that was  the cost was making the dollar investment, which is very small, right. A few pennies 10, 12, 13 million bucks or does that represent the cost of carry on a much larger investment is, thinking about it of, look, I'll out go and I'll put $500 million to something in the effective opportunity cost of that capital?
David Simon: You are dealing with the guys who knows accounting. So, the reality is both, right because you have to depreciate the stuff, you don't add it back for FFO, sums investments, sums and operating expenses. So, it's actually, it would be both, okay. It's not  you don't add the FFO back from  for depreciation because it's not real property. So, it's a little bit of both, the amortized certain cost, it's IT spend. So, sums and amortized, we can sit down and go through the P&L, if you're really interested.
Michael Bilerman: It would be scintillating.
David Simon: It will be scintillating.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. I appreciate it, David. Thank you. Have a good rest of the year.
David Simon: No worries.
Operator: The next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Derek Johnston: Good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Derek Johnston: Could you help us understand the retail leasing environment today versus six or 12 months ago. Any category standout from a lease term or store closure versus store opening perspective and has rising sales per square foot over the past year plus translated into higher demand for space?
David Simon: Well, I would say, as we discussed that by and large demand is better, better sales produce for the retailer produce more interest in opening up. There's new and more retailers coming into the market all the time and the only offsetting of this is, certain retailers that are in the process of dealing with not recent problems, but legacy financial issues that have never been properly addressed.
Derek Johnston: Okay. And then just to continue on the ten-anchor redev projects and the pipeline of 25 others. So, beyond the large-scale mixed use transformative redevelopment, which trust me, we think is the future. However, it's likely not justified for most reclaim Sears or other returned large boxes. So, where is that demand coming from to release this space. We've seen like lifetime athletic and some co-working facilities. Can you share any other demand you're seeing?
David Simon: I don't, what do you mean, I'm not sure I understand, mode, not justified. Could you restate that please?
Derek Johnston: What I mean it for all 25 projects, it's a large densification effort, maybe not justified for all markets, right. So you might be looking at a box where maybe you just want to bring in another tenant to fill it. And I'm wondering where that demand is coming from, I've seen lifetime and some co-working. Just wondering who else is kind of out there?
David Simon: There is a great deal of retail demand. Frankly, we are dealing with, I call them, fitness centers, but they are frankly closed country clubs, theaters, entertainment uses. A number of the larger format retailers in many of these instances, we are adding small shop, specialty store space, because as I said prior, if we have a great property, there is demand for that property and the spaces we're getting back are spaces that are in great properties that have demand. So, there is substantial retail demand in addition just the densification efforts that we've talked about previously.
Derek Johnston: Okay, thanks.
David Simon: Sure. All right. Well, thanks for your questions, and we're available if you like to talk further. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's question-and-answer session. And thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc. David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc. Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc. Brian J. McDade - Simon Property Group, Inc.
Analysts: Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Derek Johnston - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2018 Simon Property Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At the time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you, Joel. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Brian McDade, Chief Financial Officer; and Adam Reuille, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning. We're pleased to report another record quarter with continued strong operating and financial results. Our investment in our product remains unabated with a long-term view of creating compelling integrated environments with critical mass that service the hub of retail, dining, entertainment and socializing within their communities. We completed several significant new developments and redevelopments in the quarter or under construction and others and announced more transformational mixed-use activity that will further enhance the value of our real estate and grow our cash flow. Turning to the results, highlighted FFO by $1.90 billion or $3.05 per share, an increase of 5.5% per share compared to the prior year. We continue to grow our cash flow and report solid key operating metrics. Total portfolio NOI increased 4.1% or approximately $188 million to-date. Comp NOI increased 2.3% for the year-to-date period. Leasing activity remains solid. Average base rent was $53.88, up 2.8% compared to last year. The Mall and Premium Outlet recorded leasing spreads of $7.59 per square foot, an increase of 13.9%. We're pleased that retailer sales momentum continued in the third quarter. Our Mall and Premium Outlets was $650 compared to $622 in the prior year period per foot, an increase of 4.5%, and sales were strong across the portfolio in the third quarter. Retail sales productivity has increased each month over the last 12 consecutive months. Occupancy at the end of the quarter was 95.5%, an increase of 80 basis points for the second quarter and an increase of 20 basis points compared to prior years. On an NOI weighted basis, our operating metrics were as follows. Retail sales would be $817 per foot compared to $650, occupancy would be 96.3% compared to 95.5% and average base minimum rent would be $71.21 compared to $53.88. At the end of September, we opened Denver Premium Outlet. Center is fully leased. It's off to great start. Center is another terrific asset within a great portfolio and a great location and a strong and growing market. Construction continues on two international outlets, expected to open in 2019, Queretaro, Mexico and Malaga, Spain. And we announced a 50-50 joint venture with Macerich to create Los Angeles Premium Outlets. This will be an exciting project on fantastic real estate and obviously one of the country's most attractive markets. Now at the end of the third quarter, redevelopment and expansion projects were ongoing across all of our platforms in the U.S. internationally, and internationally, we started construction on significant expansions of Paju Premium Outlets in Seoul and Tosu Premium Outlets in Japan. Last week, we held the ground-breaking of our landmark mixed-use transformation at Phipps Plaza that will include Atlanta's first Nobu Hotel and Restaurant, a Class A office building, a Life Time athletic resort, food hall and outdoor community gathering space, all in the area of one department store that we reclaimed. We also announced our transformational vision for Northgate in Seattle. We're thrilled to collaborate with NHL Seattle, make their training center and corporate headquarters, an enterable element of the re-imagined at Northgate Community. This project is a prime example of our unique ability to repurpose our well-located real estate, create compelling ways for consumers to live, work, play, stay, shop and now skate at our destination. Now, Sears, over the last several years, as you know, including what we just recently did at Phipps, we have reclaimed a number of our unproductive department stores in our portfolio. The reclamation of unproductive space, specifically some department stores, is an unprecedented opportunity for us to dramatically enhance the productivity of the space, our centers overall. And we will continue to proactively recapture additional stores to further enhance our centers. The SPG portfolio currently has 33 Sears stores that Sears has closed or announced they will be closed. Of those 33 stores, we have, through proactive action, controlled 22 of those 33, five of which are in our joint venture with Seritage. Of those 17 that we control, Sears will no longer exist in 2019. They will be demolished, replaced and redeveloped. Now, turning back to the 33 that Sears owns and controls, five that will be closing, and Seritage controls six for the total of 33, not including the ones in our joint venture. And they are  Seritage is the process of redeveloping those and are in construction  under construction with six of those former Sears stores. The remaining, we have 29 that are currently operating, eight are owned by us and leased to Sears, four owned by Seritage and leased to Sears, and 17 are owned by Sears. Turning to capital markets, during the first nine months, we closed on 13 mortgages, totaling approximately $3 billion, of which our share is approximately $1.3 billion with a weighted average interest rate of 3.83%, term of 8.4. We have the highest investment-grade credit rating in the industry. Our net to EBITDA was 5.4 times. Our interest coverage is 5 times, which is well in excess of our peers, well in excess on both fronts. Our current liquidity is $7 billion. We continue to have excess cash flow, which we can reinvest in our business. Today, we announced our dividend of $2 per share for the fourth quarter, a year-over-year increase of 8.1%. And we're approaching the $100 per share dividend since we've been public, which we will celebrate in December. So $100 per share have been paid to the shareholders roughly in dividends through our public company existence. Our total dividend payment will be $7.90 in 2018, which is an increase of 10.5% compared to last year. Now turning to guidance, we once again raised our full year guidance to $12.09 to $12.13. Just to keep in mind, this is an updated range compared to our  updated range includes  compared to our original guidance of $11.90 to $12.02. And this new range is a growth of approximately 7.9% to 8.2% compared to our reported FFO of last year. So, we're ready for questions. But before I turn it over, we had a very strong quarter and we continue to grow our cash flow.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: I just wonder, if you or Rick, could you just talk maybe a little bit about the leasing environment? And as you sit here today, looking forward, maybe just reflect on the last year and how you felt maybe a year ago and just sort of give us a flavor for the leasing environment?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, we tend to take a longer term view, so we can talk about quarter-to-quarter or even year-to-year, but as you know, we take a longer term view. And I would say, certainly, our long-term view has not changed. The activity has increased from 2017 to 2018. I think there's clearly  for the retailers that are investing in their product, there's increased sales. As you know, we showed you that. And I'd say it's certainly generally better than last year, but again, you've got to take a longer term view. We have more activity going on. There's more new concepts on the restaurant, entertainment, overall retail. You've got the folks that start out on the Internet that want to own physical stores. So, I'd say, generally, the environment is better. But, as you know, we never really were overly concerned about maybe a less robust leasing environment in 2017 because we tend to take longer term views of this. Happy for Rick to add anything he would like to this.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: The only thing that I would add is that there is, I sense, an acceleration. Last year at this time, I think people were talking, but there was less aggressive approach to opening new stores. I think as David said, the people that are well positioned are now more encouraged to open stores. Obviously, sales are better, the profitability is better. And we are very well positioned. We don't talk about it a lot, but every day, every one of our properties is getting better because of the capital we're spending.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Okay, David, just secondly, I just noticed on the leasing spreads information you provide on page 22 of the supplemental, there was a pretty big jump in the square footage of openings and a pretty sharp decline in the average rent per foot. I realize these are trailing 12-month figures, but it almost appears like maybe a different set of assets is being compared now. Do you have any comments on that?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure. We're  again, I  what's the most important thing that I focus on...
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: (00:13:38)
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: ... just so we're clear. You got it. And the operating metrics, it's funny. Just to take a step back. So when sales were  it's always like, okay, what's the operating metrics du jour. Okay. And the reality is our business is changing in that we're going to be recapturing these boxes that pay very low rent and we're carving them up. And we're now showing to you that love metrics, okay, the importance of the embedded growth in our business by recapturing these leases that pay very low rent. So we put all of our openings and all of our closings in that number so that you can see the embedded market rent growth that we have in our business.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks. And then lastly, just in the other income, I know there were different components, and last year, you had some securities gains. And this year, you didn't. But is there is any  there was a big jump in the other income. And I just know there's a lot of different things that run through that, but are there any comments or things you can share.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. So last year, as you know, we sold the Seritage stock at $48.49 (00:14:59), which I think if I look today, it was a pretty good trade to sell it at that rate. In other income, we did get our business interruption, not all of it, but some of it from Puerto Rico. And that's what's in other income. It doesn't flow through the operating numbers. That was  we always had planned to get that and it's always been in our numbers, but you can't book that until you actually get the cash from that according to GAAP. And then, we got some of that BI in the third quarter.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Okay. Is there a number you could share with us that's kind of embedded in that other income or -
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, it's the big jump in that  the vast majority of it, yeah.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Okay, it's a vast majority of the $20 million increase.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Okay
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah, that's correct. And it really is  now, so you know, we always planned on getting to BI. You just can't show it in your normal minimum rent or CAM recoveries or any of that information. It's got to be in other income.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Okay. That's it for me. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah, no worries. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is now open.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. It's Michael Bilerman here with Christy. David, can you just elaborate a little bit on Sears. You were named to the creditors' committee yesterday, so maybe talk a little bit about the role that you plan to play there. And you went through a lot of different numbers in terms of the Sears boxes. If you just look sequentially, you went from 59 effectively down to 46, which includes the 17, which are closing. So, there's 13 stores during the quarter that fell out. I wasn't sure whether those were recaptured during the quarter and form part of some redevelopment plan. But just looking sequentially, sub-to-sub, 59 to 46, inclusive of the 17 that are closing. Just to trying to get some color there.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. Look, I think the thing to focus on, we're putting Sears in our rearview mirror. Okay? So what we're trying to explain  and there are a lot of moving boxes and obviously, the whole situation is a tragic, frankly. Put aside, how it affects us, we think this is a unique opportunity. We're going to redevelop this. We're going to generate positive momentum with the properties due to this. We're going to reinvest in the communities. We're going to be able to drive traffic now from this box. Put all of that aside, we're going to be able to make money on this. Put that all aside, if I may, and just it's a tragic set of events that a company that's been around for so long is in this state of affairs. So that to us is  that's what I think about. It wasn't that long ago, 10, 12 years ago, that 300,000 people worked at Sears. Okay? So I mean, I think we should put that in perspective. But let's focus on what we  the task at hand. And what I'm trying to do  and there are a lot of moving parts, but basically  and what I explained  I'm sure I garbled some because you know I have a hard time spitting out words. But the reality is, we have 33 stores that are closed or in the process of closed at the end of this year. We control 22 of those and 5 of those are in our joint venture with Seritage. Of the 17 that we have unmitigated control, Sears will no longer exist in 2019. They will either be torn down, redeveloped, re-leased, but they'll be in our rearview mirror. So we are effectively down to 29 operating stores. We own 8, Seritage owns 4, and then the 17 are owned by Sears. And we'll have to wait and see what happens on the  in terms of whether they'll continue to operate those or not. Obviously, we're planning for the ultimate unfortunate demise of Sears and we're ready for it. And we have the balance sheet and the capital with intellectual and human resources to deal with these set of events. So, that's what I would focus on. The other thing to keep in mind is that there's also Seritage that owns some in that. And they've done a reasonable job of re-leasing some of their space. So those are the numbers that I would focus on. And it's still moving around because they  some are closed, some aren't, but those are the numbers. And at the end of the day, next year, we'll report 29 Sears stores. That's it.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Right. It sounds like there was at least 11 that are controlled by others, other than you and Seritage, that closed during the quarter, (00:20:32) in that 33 to 22, right?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: That's correct. Sears owns the balance of those. That's correct. That's correct.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: But the creditors' committee and sort of your role there and Rick mentioned not a big competitor. (00:20:45)
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: There is no comment that I can have on that where we  for better or worse, we tend to be on creditors' committees with large unfortunate bankruptcies of retailers. So, we have a certain expertise in that. We'll see how it all plays out. But beyond that I can't  I really can't comment.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Can you talk a little bit about international in terms of what's happening there? Obviously, Klpierre, its shares have come down meaningfully alongside a lot of other real estate stocks in Europe. There's obviously been consolidation activity going on there, in part, Klpierre tried to make the bid for Hammerson when Hammerson went after Intu. And now, Intu has its own consortia bid from their main shareholder alongside capital sources. How are you thinking about Europe overall both of your investment in Klpierre but then also consolidation opportunities in that region, whether that would be Simon-led or Klpierre-led?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well that was  I would classify that as add on sentence, but let's put that aside. I am very comfortable with our investment in Klpierre. They have  I mean, I have to look at the long-term prospects of that company, measured against kind of the short-term volatility. And from a long-term perspective, I don't really see any real change. There's very little new development. They have a lot of redevelopment activity. There are good operators getting better. So our investment is solid, and stocks go up, stocks go down. We take a long-term view. We have exposure in Europe not only through Klpierre but obviously through McArthurGlen and through our interest in value retail. I would tell you that the market generally ignores and underestimate the value that we have outside of the U.S., whether that's Mexico, Europe, Asia. There is no appreciation of the value that we've created in that. That's fine. We continue to do what we do. I don't really  I think we mentioned briefly what Klpierre did on Hammerson, that's in their rearview mirror. I think that's better coming from them. I think the CEO's made that clear to investors. Not much I can add to that. And there's nothing I can add to what's going on with Intu. I mean we don't  as they say, we don't have a dog in that hunt, so here in Indiana that is. So, I continue to think Europe is fine. It's certainly  I think the trend there is similar to ours and that the better assets will get better, and the ones that are smaller unless they're uniquely positioned will be put under pressure, but even the better ones will grow, will offset whatever diminution might have happened on the little ones. So I generally feel pretty good. I mean there are parts in Europe that you might want to avoid i.e. Turkey and other places like that, given that currency in the lira and what happens on that front, but generally, I think it's okay. Look, I'm sure the Klpierre team has a focus on Italy, what's going on there, you have Brexit. So you could certainly take a contrarian view at the right time. We did that in 2012 when we invested in Klpierre. Could we be coming into another contrarian point of view, perhaps, but we're really not overly active other than making sure our investments grow in value.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. Good morning.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just going back to the Sears boxes in terms of the 17 that you expected to close by year end, the 22, including the Seritage JV. I know it's a little early here still, but can you just sort of frame it out from a timing and capital allocation perspective in terms of how much of this you really think will fall into redevelopment, potentially kickoff some larger redevelopments? And what sort of rough capital investment this could possibly represent?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, remember, part of  the vast majority of the 17 of the 22, we actually transacted to get back  when was that?
Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc.: November.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: November. Okay. So remember that just to put that in perspective. So those plans are already moving. I mean, not  just to name a few Northshore, Cape Cod...
Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Brea,
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Brea, Stoneridge...
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Broadway.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: ...Broadway, Midland, just to name a few, so all of those are coming online. And that's why I made the comment that the 17 that we control, Sears is going to be gone. There won't be  you won't  there will not be a Sears. It will be either gone, under construction or will take the box and there'll be a new retailer hopefully open by then, but obviously it does take time. So the 22 of the 33 are basically all under redevelopment. The capital of that is over $1 billion. That's always been in our plan. And there is no surprise there. And so that's  that we are moving at a high level to redevelop those boxes as quickly and as smartly as we can. Then, there's 11 that Sears and Seritage own, that we're not involved in. I think Seritage of those six  and again, there's a lot of numbers here, that's why I'm repeating myself and I appreciate the question, of those six, Seritage has already redeveloped over half of those. So those are moving  they're doing those independently in conjunction with us, but independently. And that's fine. And then, there's five that Sears owns and then, we'll see what happens with that real estate. And I think it's a blanket statement that we would love to own at the right price any of the real estate that we don't control. And so we  patience, seeing how this plays out is important. So I hope that answers it, but it will be well over $1 billion. You'll start to see in the 8-K this stuff as we approve it. I don't know. I'm asking Tom. I don't know. We just approved Cape Cod, Northshore...
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: There are some in there.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: There are some in there. So you're going to see it. We have a busy capital appropriations committee. We approved three or four, Monday, you'll see those in the fourth quarter numbers. So it's all moving, it's all moving quickly. And I would tell you, generally, other than, obviously, to see a retailer like Sears end up where it is, I mean this will be fine for us. We'll add value to the real estate. We wish it would have been done in a different manner, but we have to confront what we have to confront. And I think we'll make this  it'll be an opportunity for us just like everything else we've dealt with over the last 25 years as a public company.
Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets (United States): No, I appreciate that color call. And as we see that start to come on to the development pipeline, I mean, is it fair to assume the same kind of yield you've been achieving at 7% to 8% on redevelopments or would it be higher than that?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. No, look, as you know, every deal is different, but that would be our goal. That would be our goal for sure.
Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great, and second one for me. Just going back to the leasing commentary about the environment being a little better here today. Are you starting to see this translate into year leases as well in terms of timing to get deals done, terms, leasing capital, or is it more just on the activity front at this point? And then, in terms of rents, we've talked about this before, but you're not necessarily getting the benefit of sales in an area move online, but you do feel the returns at the store level. So to that end, are you starting to push occupancy costs to account for that leakage or you're looking at other metrics to understand tenant profitability and therefore what a tenant can pay and are tenants accepting that this old model maybe needs to change or is it just more of an educational process on both sides still at this point?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: This is Rick. Obviously, you've covered a lot of ground. Let me take it apart. One, our terms, our TA are certainly within the norms that we've established over the years. Our tempo of leasing is accelerating in that we now have more tenants coming in saying, all right, let me look at 5, 10, 15 openings for 2019. That is an acceleration from what we had this time last year. That's encouraging. Our occupancy costs today are the lowest they have been in the last two and a half years. So that's encouraging. And that's taking into account the fact that there is an understatement of sales productivity. All of our leasing agents are totally aware of not that potential but that fact. And as we are pricing our real estate, we are prosecuting that to the extent we can to drive rents. And you've seen our average base rent go up and our spreads are going up.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I would just add though. I mean, retailers are smart and savvy. They are doing what they need to do on their cost structure. And so it's not easy. But like I said, we have a unique position in this industry. We have really quality properties, a lot of scale. We have the ability to think. We have the ability to be patient. We have the ability to say no. We take gambles, we win, we lose, we draw. So we do okay, but it continues to be  it's not  there're still very thoughtful negotiations. Everybody is focused on increasing their profitability. They're no different with us. And we try as hard as we can to create a decent win-win scenario. And then, when we do that, the math spits out. But it's better than it was last year. In the long run, we have no worries about where we're going to be. And I think as we continue to redevelop, we're going to make these properties fantastic. But in the meantime, we're going to be in this spot where it's going to be a thoughtful, diligent, but appropriately focused negotiation between us and our best clients.
Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks for the time.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Hi, Craig.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. I noticed on your redevelopment activity, the yields for the Premium Outlet redevs went from 10% to 11% and The Mills went from 11% to 13%. I just wondered what was pushing those returns. And is it perhaps that the leasing is going better at these redevelopment efforts?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I wouldn't  those are hard to like extrapolate trends. I think it's just a function of mix. Nothing that really jumps out. But I'm sure we'll look at it and Tom could answer, but I just think it's probably just mix off the top of my head, nothing major. We do have the ability, I think, to continue to add value through our redevelopment, new development efforts. And it goes up and it will go down, but it will  that gives you the directional idea of kind of where things are.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, I mean, it's clear that although the construction costs are going up that it really isn't impacting your returns on these. (00:36:02)
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, that's a good question and let me just say this. Everything  we are  it's a good point and let me address this, this way. I mean, we have no risk at this point and things always change, but at this point, we have absolutely no risk in what we're building today. You always have contingency in there, but nothing what I would say beyond our contingency, and obviously, our contingencies in our 8-K. We are seeing a general increase in construction costs. It's really a market by market scenario, but the potential rise of those cost are not in any way at the point where we're saying we can't make the numbers work. I don't anticipate that happening, but obviously, we're paying attention to it.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. And then, we keep hearing about new technology in both retail and just the retail center. I wonder if there's anything new that might surprise consumers this holiday season, whether it's an unmanned checkouts or mobile apps, making things more personalized, or virtual or augmented reality.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I think, I think we and all sorts of retailers and technology companies are focused on a couple of things, payment, obviously, driving traffic, which could be through a lot of individual personalized promotion, the checkout process and improving that is really important, and then the ease of parking as well. So, lots of experiments, lots of things happening by us and others, by retailers and by technology companies. And I think there is clearly a bounce back on the physical world compared to the pure online Internet, just because I do think payment and ease and convenience can be enhanced by technology in the store environment. So we're looking forward to those introductions into the physical world. I think that will make physical shopping a lot more easier and convenient. And then, obviously, there's so much benefits to physical shopping compared to looking on your phone and trying to buy stuff. And what's fascinating to us, fascinating, and we see it because, remember, we have our (00:39:22) rights, so we can see the high level of returns. The high level of returns that we see from online sales to the physical stores is that never talked about. Okay? But if you wanted to go  write a research report, Craig, that would be the big focus because everybody wants to say, here's the gross Internet sale, but they don't want to tell you the net. They want to hit the physical world. But the returns are staggering, okay, and especially in the product that I'm discussing. But no one wants to talk about that.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So I understand your frustration, but thank you for your answers.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure. Well, I'm not frustrated, by the way. Just so it's clear, I'm just saying it's very interesting that no one talks about it. It's just the fact.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Understood. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is now open.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Hey, good morning. Good morning out there, David. So two questions from us. First, you mentioned the international and you think that it's underappreciated, but just curious, I mean, obviously, in the U.S., you guys have a very efficient platform, but globally, you're definitely spread out. So just sort of curious, how you would compare your overseas platforms' efficiency to the U.S. And then, as you expand into like Thailand or the Middle East, how those markets are initially versus once you get a concentration of assets? Do you really see a material improvement in operations or the Premium Outlets work very well as a standalone or in clusters?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I'd say both. I mean the reality is our joint ventures with the Premium Outlet business has its own group of personnel. So they can add  as they add product to their platform, I mean they get scale. It's safe to say no one  none of our investments overseas has anywhere near the scale and the overhead metrics that we have. I mean our overhead metrics are underappreciated. I mean, Tom, can give you the numbers, but many of our peers are at 10% of NOI and we're at 3%, what, give me the numbers?
Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We're at 3%.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We're at 3% and they're 8%, 9%, 10%. So all of our places don't have quite that scale. I could certainly  if I wanted to or could, I could certainly probably find a way to scale, but they're doing. And so it is what it is. So they all benefit from adding good product to their platforms. I would say none of them have the scale that we do and we don't impose our scale to them at all. And I don't think that we will, but you can't rule it out. And if we did, I am sure we could do it  we could have better results, but at the moment, everything is good, so we let it go.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. And then, the second question is, you guys  in the last call, you talked about converting retail to other uses and obviously, you had the deal out in Northgate where it looks to be sort of cutting the mall in half. As you guys increasingly go through, is there like basically a  not exact percentage but a view of how much existing retail you could do without to replace with things like apartments or hotels or office versus how much you would increase the overall square footage of your properties to add incremental uses? So trying to get a sense of how much of your existing retail would you scale back to increase uses versus how much of the new mix uses would be incremental to the existing retail that's already there.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, it's hard to give you a number, but let me look at it this way. Okay? So, I think the greatest opportunity that we have, I think we're in good shape with small shop. There's always going to be a mall here or there that has too much small shops but I think we're in decent shape there. And so what we have the opportunity to do, and we are doing, is we probably  the mall of the future doesn't need five, six, three, it depends on the mall, but doesn't need the department stores. And then, the ability to reclaim that allows us to densify the properties, and I think we have that opportunity in a rather large scale. So, again, this is where we suffer maybe from the scope of what we do and all the activity that we have, but take Phipps as an example. So this is  was that put in the 8-K or not?
Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yes.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. So it's in the 8-K now. All right. So, take Phipps, we had one department store, Belk, that was 140,000...?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: 160,000.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: 160,000. Thank you, Rick. We are adding essentially 300 plus  well, we have the hotel  the office is 324,000, right?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: (00:45:35)
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: And the hotel is -
Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc.: (00:45:39)
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: How big is that? Whatever, okay, so let's say, we're adding 500,000 square feet in something that was doing 160,000  that was taking up 160,000 square feet. And I encourage you to look at the renderings. Do we have the renderings on our website?
Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We can get them out.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. We should, let's get them. Do you have the video with me, and Mr. De Niro and the Chef Nobu on our website, and Rick?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: That's right.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Because (00:46:09) it's out there. Okay. So we won't, but we will do that. And Northgate, you say the mall cutting to half. I've got to tell you, Northgate is so much bigger than that. And again, we have up to 800-plus apartments.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: 1,200 apartments.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: 1,200.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Frankly, we're going to have 1,200 apartments, 600,000 feet of retail. We're going to have probably 600,000 feet of office and the NHL Seattle training facility.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. So I mean, the scope of some of these things are really large, but if you're looking for  here's the number. I can't give it to you, other than as these  we do feel like there's a lot of fun stuff to do. It's aggravating in the sense that it's  you have to herd all (00:47:05) that catch in terms of accomplishment. But once we built something  I mean, like, once we  now that Phipps will be open hopefully in, and I'm pushing for two years, but maybe two and a half years, I think we're going to be really proud of that and our shareholders will be happy, and Rick and I will have great sushi. So, what else could you want?
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Sounds pretty good. Okay. That perspective is helpful. Thank you, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. So, your dividend is going to be up 10.5% this year, which is great. I guess I was just wondering, considering your growing cash flow, how are you thinking about prioritizing on development and redevelopment where you're obviously very active versus increasing the dividend and potential acquisition opportunities right now?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I'd say to you that I would expect  obviously, board decision, blah, blah, blah, but we would expect to continue to increase our dividend next year. Clearly, we will be  our redevelopment is really active and that could be increased. Now, again, the reality is, Caitlin, that it takes time. So take Brea, which we control that Sears store. It's going to be unbelievable, but we have another six months of permitting. So, we're able to  I'd love to, like, just stuff it all into  stuff it all into the box and do it all at once, but the reality is we can't because we have external constraints. I wouldn't say necessarily capital constraints at all, but  so I'm looking at Brian and he's saying, we don't have any, but maybe I tend to be a little conservative on that front. But anyway, we just have constraints on doing the redevelopment only because we've got the permitting and so on and so forth. So that continues to be a big priority. Obviously, new development is not  in the U.S. is not wildly active. Though, I will tell you that the deal with Macerich I think is going to be a really good project, but that's a three year project essentially. Okay? So that takes time, and that we are really  we think that's going to be really a good deal. We've got another one in the works in another area of the country and probably two more outlets that we're going to build, but again, those are over  one could be a little quicker, but two years or so. So that continues to be a focus. Internationally, it's basically we take our cash flow there and reinvest it. So it's not what I'd call Simon capital. We're actually not writing. Yeah, we may not get repatriation back to us, but we're basically doing what many thoughtful companies do is they take profits and they reinvest it and have more profits and keep doing it until they can't do it anymore. So we don't see that. And so then the next thing is, look, we're going to  we still have  if the market doesn't like our business or doesn't like what we're doing, we still have a focus on buying stock back. And then, we're not all that active in the acquisition area. We could do a deal here or there. We certainly are interested in reclaiming at the right price certain department stores. And that's kind of how we're thinking about the world right now. I hope that's helpful.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: It is. And just in terms of the time it takes, is there any  I think there's some concern out there with the amount of department store reclaims that you have and everyone else does, that finding new uses is taking longer. Is that part of it or is it not?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Not with us. No, no, no, no. Sorry. No way. That's not our issue. Our issue is execution, permitting. It has nothing to do with demand, supply and demand, and has nothing to do with capital. That's not us. Sorry.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great to hear. And then maybe just last quickly. Looks like you guys have $600 million of 2.2% debt maturing in early 2019.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, just wondering the plans to address that. And if it were a 10-year unsecured deal, what you think the rate could be?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, we'll either use our cash or  certainly our  we have $7 billion available. So, that's just basically standard operating procedure. No big deal there. We could go to the unsecured market. Obviously, there's a lot of rate volatility today. We wouldn't probably do it today, but we'll have to wait and see kind of where the world shakes up. Brian, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Brian J. McDade - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. Look, I think our cost of money today on a 10-year basis would be about $4.8 billion (00:52:47). But we have  as David said, we've got over $7 billion of liquidity, so we have plenty of options to address the upcoming maturity. It is not only maturity we have in 2019.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. And I would say to you, what's fascinating, we have very, very little debt coming due in 2019 or 2020, yeah, both on the unsecured and secured basis. So, we're in a very good spot to do that. And I would also  again, it's overlooked, but if you look at our peers, internationally north of the border, domestic, Far East, nobody has our balance sheet. Nobody is 5 times debt to EBITDA, nobody. People are 2x of us. Not 7, but 10 plus. Please appreciate that.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: (00:54:03) commentary.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. So, you broke up there, but anyway. So we're in good shape there and we'll see what happens on that front.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. David, I can't wait for you to co-star in De Niro's next film. I guess a question for both of you, Rick and David. And I'm just curious in situations where you guys have redeveloped anchor boxes, do you have any statistics you can share on the change in foot traffic sales or asking rents of the property since the new anchor opened?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: God, we'd have to  I'm sure we could put some together. Here's what's interesting, that we're seeing  and again, I wouldn't like  this is anecdotal. So don't (00:55:03) and I don't know if this means anything and so it's too early. But we've had department store closings in the portfolio. There's no hiding that, right. And we have seen  and again, nothing drives our business  this does not drive our business one way or another because the size of the portfolio. But what we've seen, which is actually encouraging, is that the in-line sales are actually getting the benefit of the department store closures. And we're also seeing some of the other department stores pick that business up. So at the end of the day, like I said, maybe our industry got just too carried away with having all these big department store boxes. As we transition to the smaller, more appropriately sized group, and there'll be centers that lose in that and like we may have one or two that were nervous about, the reality is the rest of that center, and we will get a better and bigger benefit, I think we'll get healthier, and we're starting to see that. But again, I'd say that's anecdotal and nothing to quantify. But we are seeing that in some of these cases, which I think is encouraging. And that's what we want. We don't need all of those. We don't really get much of an economic benefit from those boxes. We've taken over driving the traffic to the center from those boxes as that would have been in the historical reason to have them. So this could be healthy, other than Rick and I pull our hair out, we want every box leased, we want everything redeveloped, the teams moving really hard and everybody is like, we're playing very hard here to make this stuff happen quick. I mean that's the downside is that we  not that we ever have, but we are not coasting, okay? We're not coasting. So not that you should tell sorry for us, but I'm not asking you to, but that's the reality. We're humping and pumping. And I think this will be  I really think other than, yeah, there will be a couple of losses on the scoreboard for us. But at the end of the day, this will be a good thing for us and likely our entire industry.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: The one unambiguous result of replacing these anchors is there's no doubt that our total sales and total footfall at our properties is increasing. Just think about David's example at Phipps. When we're done, we're probably going to have tripled the retail sales, plus have all the hotel traffic, plus the office traffic. So in every instance what we're adding is going to be more productive and more dynamic than what we're replacing.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. And I guess, on Sears, I'm curious, were they current on the rents before they filed because typically retailers build up a pre-petition receivable before they file. But it's sounding like some other landlords that they were largely current, which frankly makes it seem like the bankruptcy started out as a (00:59:03) bluff that if they got called out on.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. We're not going to have a bad debt reserve. I think that's correct.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just one last one on Sears. You mentioned about $1 billion of investment for the 22 boxes you're redeveloping. Should people think of that as, I think, a rule of thumb is $40 million to $50 million a box or does that include investment beyond the Sears? I think people are looking for a number there. And I am curious how your return on investment you see in that $1 billion compares to what it's been on prior anchor redevelopments.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think what I would  the best way to do this is really say to you, Jeff, that we're going to have $1 billion-plus of spend. We've been at this  Tom, $1 billion for how many years? Six, okay. Six years a $1 billion spend. So I think, Jeff, if you look at what we've been doing, we've been spending $1 billion. And if you look at 2015, 2016, some of that may have been tilted toward new development more than redevelopment. It's now going to tilt more toward redevelopment, but it  and I think it'll go up, but that $1 billion of spend is not just those 22 boxes. That's a lot of stuff in there. Okay? So, like, Phipps is a $300-plus-million spend. It'll be over two years, two and a half probably, but two years. And that's not Sears. That was an old (01:00:40) store. Northgate, I mean, the Northgate numbers could be much bigger than that, but again, that'll be over three years. And again, that's not a Sears' box. So when I say that $1 billion plus spend, it's like  it's the vision of what we see on redeveloping our business and it will tilt more toward that. On the other hand, when you add Carson with Macerich and you add a couple more, I mean, I think our spend on average has averaged about $1 billion. It could go up as we add these things. It's not going to go to $2 billion a year, but it could go to $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion. We're doing our plan for 2019. Tom told me not to invite anybody to our planning process. Correct?
Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Correct.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: So I'm officially not inviting anybody. But right now, we're looking at a little over $1.3 billion. So I think it's just more than just Sears. Okay?
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks, guys.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Yeah. It looks like sales growth at The Mills has been similar to the rest of the portfolio. So I'm curious what's enabling you to drive the spreads that are significantly higher there?
Brian J. McDade - Simon Property Group, Inc.: The Mills, they're very well positioned in virtually every market where they operate. They are a unique mix of full price, value, outlet, entertainment, food, they're all 1.5 million to 2 million square feet. And they just are able to attract a very broad segment of shoppers and they're performing well. There's no real magic, but we have a very broad use of potential users there. And we've been able to keep those things very well leased and they're very productive.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Is the occupancy cost notably different than the other part of the portfolio?
Brian J. McDade - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. That was it. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, David. I want to go back to a comment you made. I think at the outset, talking about how maybe your international portfolio has been, not to put in your mouth, undervalued or under appreciated. When I look at your development pipeline, it looks like there is a tremendous amount of focus on international. So how are you thinking about that? I think it's just a little bit above 10% right now as a percentage of NOI. As you think forward over the next five years, do you have a bright line test as to where you want to get it or is it just you're going to do good deals when you can find them?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think, Rich, we don't have a (01:03:50) where we need to be a 12%, 13%, 14%, 15%, 20%, that's not how we look at it. So the reality is  and most of that, as you know, is through development that we've made some strategic investments i.e. Klpierre and McArthurGlen that come to mind. And I would  and remember, we own a decent chunk of value retail. We don't really book any of their earnings. And we've had this discussion, we only book when we get cash, which is cash distributions, which is basically cost accounting for those of you who remember cost accounting, which I do. But long story short, we don't really have a  I don't have any desire to do more. I don't have any desire to do less. I only have desire to make money. So we do think we add value, we do think maybe some of our international partners don't think so, but I think we do. So I think it's more deal-driven, but it's an important part of our business and we will continue to invest in our platforms whether it's Japan, Korea. We announced a devolvement in Thailand, which I think will be fantastic. That opens up that whole country. The tourism there is remarkable. I just happen to do a retail tour in Europe and the interest in that is, the Far East  our Premium Outlet business in the Far East is very  it has a high level of interest from our retailers. So I just think it's going to be how do we continue to drive and make money from our investments there. No desire one way or another.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. So just one quick follow-up question then, and maybe this is just that in light of (01:06:22) of some global consolidation that we've seen. Do you think landlords have to have global footprint to make money?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think it can help, but I don't think it's the  and I've evolved on this. I don't think you need it. I think it can help. I wouldn't do a deal because that was a really important component of that transaction i.e., exporting retailers from one level to another. However, it's not inconsequential. So take an example, I've met and I won't name a name, but I was just in Spain with a large retailer. And the fact that we have a terrific relationship with them in the U.S. and Klpierre has a terrific relationship in Europe, doesn't hurt. But if I had overpaid for the Klpierre stake, that relationship wouldn't make it up. Okay? But I think it is helpful, but it's not a reason to do a deal.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you for that color. I appreciate it.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC: Hi. So, my question is more numbers focused. I'm just trying to understand the nature of the guidance change. And then, just kind of given the $0.05 beat in 3Q, how comes, it's only the low end of guidance that was raised rather than the high end as well?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, look,  I don't know. There's lots of numbers. We're a big company. One deal, one of that is not going to change this that and the other. But obviously, the currency in Europe is a little bit softer than it was. We tend to be conservative. There's nothing to really study or read into that. It was just a number. Okay?
Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Fair enough, David. All right. And then -
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: (01:08:54) As I said, it's just the number. Okay?
Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC: All right. Fair enough. And then, any update in regard to just lease accounting targets we should be expecting for 2019? I know earlier on in the year, you've kind of given us some guidance to that.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yes. That's the same general number. No change in that. We're not going to  we'll make that clear when we give our guidance in February. We'll absolutely make it clear. The number that we've told the market more or less is the same number. There's not going to be much change there. And we'll debate whether we should  we might go a year just saying here's what it would have been before and after just so people do it, but we might not, but you'll see the number. And it's not  and that's really the only thing that's going to  with these other new pronouncements, that's the only thing that's really going to be different. And again, it's not a huge number. Yes, basically, 1%. And it's pretty much over that  so it's 25 basis points per quarter and you can do the math to get to the number.
Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC: Great. And then last one for me. Although it's a couple of years out, any other information you can just share about the JV with Macerich?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No. It's a development JV. I think a lot of people from discussions with Macerich are probably familiar with the site. And we take the site over in about a year and then we build. So we're happy to be part of it and we think it'll be a very good LA Premium Outlet Center. So, we don't get the site back until Carson does what they need to do, and the timing on that is roughly a year from now.
Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Hey. Good morning out there. Dave, I guess a question for you on the lease termination environment. Are you guys still  are you receiving early termination buyout offers from retailers? And what's your appetite or sentiments regarding these early buyout offers?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We have some. It was lower this quarter  much lower this quarter than a year ago quarter, right. Actually, you can see it in our 8-K. I don't remember the number off the top, like...
Brian J. McDade - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It was $9.8 million for the quarter versus $13.2 million.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, it's down. I'm not a big fan of them, frankly, but we'll do them. I would say we'll do them occasionally. It's certainly  as you know, it's not in our comp NOI because there is a lot of volatility associated with it. I would say, generally, the buyouts requests are down pretty reasonably, Rick, do you agree?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I agree. There has been less activity this period than we had last year.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, it's down. Occasionally, we get it. I'm not a big fan of it. Look, we'll do it for  we'll do it for strategic reasons. One is, maybe we're helping the retailer, two is we want the space back, but it's not what we  I would prefer not to like do a lot of it, but we will do it strategically. And it's basically a function of whether the offer is fair or whether it helps the retailer and what are our prospects for renewing the space quickly. And so all that goes into the blender and then we make a decision one way or another. But we don't run around trying to look for it. It basically comes to us.
Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Got it. Got it. All right. That's helpful. Thanks. I missed it earlier. I think you mentioned that you did receive business interruption income in the third quarter and you put it in the other income, but I didn't catch-up figure. Did you provide one?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No, no, we didn't, but it's the vast majority of the other income number.
Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Got it. Okay. And capital allocation, I guess a follow up to an earlier question. You guys did not buy back any stock after being active. It looks like second quarter stock is pretty much at the same level. Anything precluding you there from buying back stock or just maybe storing up dry powder for incremental read there. (01:14:17) Just curious on your thoughts on capital allocation regarding stock buybacks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. I just think we're conservative. I would tell you that I want to hug Brian and Andy every day. Maybe I should get a little credit too. I just love our balance sheet where it is. I just love it, love it, love it. I just think it's so cool to have a balance sheet like that. So, we're going to be really conservative, thoughtful. And then, as you mentioned, I mean, obviously, we've got a very active redevelopment pipeline, but I just love, love, love our balance sheet. And I just think that's something that it's got to be unique, it's got to be unique set of circumstances to really do anything material to it.
Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Okay. Last one, I guess, same-store expense growth in the third quarter, can you provide what that was?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I don't know. I mean I have no idea, but Tom will follow you offline (01:15:34). We don't really do that. It's just our NOI or comp NOI. It is what it is.
Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: All right. I'll follow up with Tom. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. No worries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks. Just to clarify something you guys mentioned earlier. The definition for leasing spreads and the volume, I think the pool (01:16:05) changed and now you're including anchor boxes. If that's correct, do you have any of those stats under the previous language available just for the sake of comparability?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, it's not just anchors, it's everything. It's whatever boxes come in and come out, (01:16:26) whatever theaters we renew, whatever amendments we take. And we just  we sat back and said, look, this is our business and it's important to focus on that because I think the market wants to know, great, you're getting these boxes back, but is there value in that real estate? Why are you paying for it, if there is not value on the re-leasing of that? And that's what we're trying to express. So we had  I will say this, if you look at the earlier definition, we had positive spreads that we think the market would be fine with. But I think the more important thing is to focus on what the future of our opportunity set is. And that's what we're trying to do.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: All right. And if I think about Simon and the size and the scale you guys have well above your peers, it's still interesting that on simon.com, you can't buy anything. Have you guys thought about that? Are there any initiatives underway? I could imagine, having something like that could probably help a lot of your data collection initiatives.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Have you been studying what we're up to? A very good question and an appropriate question. And the best answer, I have a really thoughtful answer and that is to stay tuned.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Sounds good. All right. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Derek Johnston - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Derek Johnston - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: How is the mixed-use redevelopment at Phipps Plaza reshaping your vision of the portfolios' potentiality? And in your thinking, how many additional large-scale repositionings exist within the Malls' portfolio? And what's your appetite for accelerating these investments?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's interesting. We've been active now for over an hour and the word's KOP (01:18:38) and King of Prussia haven't come up yet. Our portfolio has a number of those activities. We emphasized before when we get back one of these department store boxes, it's more than just 150,000 to 200,000 feet. It's anywhere from 10 to 18 acres adjacent to some of the best real state in the United States. We are very focused on what we can do with those 18 acres. And you are going to see an accelerating amount of activity in a number of our properties where we have back 22 boxes. David said, we'd like to get back others. We've taken back Penneys (01:19:24). We've taken back Belks. So, you're going to keep seeing that. We have the capital, we have the expertise, we have the opportunity and it's going to be accelerating throughout the portfolio. Frankly, we've been doing this for a decade. The difference is we now have access to these 10 acres to 18 acres adjacent to our properties that can accelerate all of these activities and there are more top of mind for the investment community. So, it's a great opportunity. We're well positioned to doing it and it is, in fact, happening as we sit here talking to you.
Derek Johnston - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Excellent. Thank you. And just a last one, if you could share any updates on digitally native or e-tailer initiatives? I know you have some experience there now and have been doing it for a while. Any early customer or maybe brand retailer feedback that you think is worth sharing?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I would simply say that the store experience  the best way I can  we verbal on (01:20:38) a little bit, so let me be really concise. The best way I can say that is the store experience and the store requirement is back, and that is shouldn't be underappreciated. They all want stores. Period, end of story.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: And they are opening stores. We have a very active program right now where we've got probably 25 retailers that started on the internet that have opened stores with us and are opening more, because as David said, they work and they make money.
Derek Johnston - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Excellent. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Linda Tsai with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. In terms of the business interruption insurance and other income from Puerto Rico this quarter, do you expect anything material in 4Q as well?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. We expect to have some more because it comes in over a period of time, but again, all of that was planned in our guidance at the beginning of the year. Remember, we had Puerto Rico down. So, we've been reporting our numbers with basically on average around $35 million of EBITDA, adios, okay, between those two assets. So now, we're starting to play catch-up and happened a year ago. So that's been out of our numbers fourth quarter of last year, all the way up now and we're starting to come back a little bit as we collect the cash.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Would that continue into 2019 as well?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, at that point, the property will be back online, so then we'll have it. Then, we'll report it  just start normal NOI that we would get from that property.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And then, I understand that Sears going away is a long-term positive for you and the rest of the industry. As this is playing out though, short term, medium term, do you see store closures or liquidation sales is having a dampening effect on retailers for the holiday season and then, to the extent that the liquidations continue post-holiday?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, look, let me restate what I said about Sears. I am disappointed. We didn't want Sears to basically file Chapter 11 or go out of business. But given that it's  at least the Chapter 11 process is happening and given the fact that we could buy some of the real estate back, we're going to make the best of it. And at the end of the day, that could be a positive for us and in terms of diversifying the mix of our properties and so on and all the stuff that we already talked about. There is always a little bit of disruption when you have a liquidation. Just so you know, when you liquidate a store, you've got to follow a lot of rules. We will certainly enforce our legal rights there and hopefully, it will not be disruptive to the other patrons of our shopping environments and/or have any impact on our retailers. But there is a process there that they've got to run by and we intend to make sure they operate accordingly.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. And then finally, you said you just completed a tour of Europe and I'm sure you visit regularly, but are there any novel retail models or concepts you felt inspired by or (01:24:30) U.S.?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, listen, a lot of the  there are a lot of great retailers in Europe, Spain, obviously, Sweden, Italy, France. And so I think what you don't see a lot of is kind of the Internet folks. I mean we're seeing most of that here, but beyond that in terms of Internet  entertainment, restaurants and obviously fashion and apparel, they're fantastic and they're very good people. And we do a lot of good stuff with them throughout the world, Asia, Europe and the U.S. So it's important for us. And I think that one of the benefits we've gotten over the years is that we're now  they recognize who we are and what we do, which may not have been the case a decade ago.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing any further -
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. Go ahead, ma'am.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to David Simon for any further remarks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: All right. Thank you. We appreciate your questions and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Ward - SVP, IR David Simon - Chairman and CEO Rick Sokolov - President and COO Andy Juster - CFO Steve Broadwater - Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill Michael Berman - Citi Steve Sakwa - Evercore Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Linda Tsai - Barclays Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Christy McElroy - Citi Wes Golladay - RBC Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2018 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and later we will conduct a question-and-answer session; instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Almeda. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of todays date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, Im pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good morning. Were pleased to report another record quarter with operating and financial results. Demand from tenants from space in our highly productive centers is increasing. We continue to redevelop our irreplaceable real estate with new exciting dynamic ways to live work, plays, stay and shop that will further enhance the customer experience. We continued identifying new unique and strategic development opportunities globally that will extend our geographic reach and create a new generation of world-class destinations on a accretive basis. And let me turn to results, which were highlighted by funds from operation FFO of $1.0 6 billion or $2.98 per share, an increase of 20.6% compared to the prior year. We continue to grow our cash flow and report solid key operating metrics. Total portfolio NOI increased four 4.5% or approximately $135 million year-to-date. Comp NOI increased 2.3% for the year-to-date period. Leasing activity remains solid and continues to improve. Average base rent was $53.84, up 3.3% compared to last year. The mall and Premium Outlets recorded leasing spreads of $7.32 per square foot, and an increase of 10.7%. We're pleased to announce that retail sales momentum continue to pick up in the second quarter. Reported retailer sales per square foot for malls and outlets was $646 per foot compared to $618 million in the prior year period, an increase of 4.6%, which is a large increase - largest actually over the last four years. Retail sales were strong across the portfolio with sales productivity increasing each month throughout the quarter. Our mall - Premium Outlets occupancy ended the quarter at 94.7%, an increase of 10 basis points compared to the occupancy at the end of the quarter this year. Importantly on an NOI awaited basis our operating metrics were as follows. Reported retail sales on an NOI awaited basis is 813 compared to 646. Occupancy is 95.6% compared to 94.7%. Average base minimum rent is $70.70 cents - $70.77 compared to $53.84. Turning to a new development, we opened the Premium Outlet collection in Edmonton, Canada making our fourth outlet center in Canada. It's a terrific opening. It's the only outlet center in Edmonton and so far locals and tourists have really appreciated the new project. Construction continues on several additional new outlets. Denver, Colorado which will open in September, Queretaro, Mexico, which will open in December, Malaga, Spain will open in the spring of 19. During the quarter, we also announced a new joint venture with Siam Piwat, a world class retail and real estate developer to bring our internationally renowned Premium Outlet experience to Thailand. This will be our first outlet in Thailand adding to our already successful joint ventures in Japan, Korea and Malaysia. Our centre in Bangkok is projected to begin construction later this year and will be a destination of choice for the 50 million metro area locals and obviously the country's very strong tourism with over 32 million visitors per year. At the end of the second quarter redevelopment expansions were all ongoing across all of our platforms in the U.S., internationally just to name a few, we're expanding in Vancouver, in Canada, Ashford, in the - outside of London, as well as our big transformations with Brea, Ross Park, King of Prussia, many more in the works. Capital markets, obviously our balance sheet continues to be industry leading. Our net debt to EBITDA was 5.4 times well below our peer group. Fixed interest coverage was 5 times. We only have 5% of our debt is variable rate. We refinanced approximately $2.4 billion of mortgage debt. Our share of that being 850 and an average rate of 3.98% and term of 8.9 years. Our current liquidity is $7 billion and we repurchased 514,000 shares during the quarter for approximately $80 million. We also announced our dividend this quarter of $2 per share, an increase over of 11.1% year-over-year. We will pay at least $7.90 per share and dividends, an increase of more than 10% compared to the $7.15 [ph] paid last year and sometime  and sometime next year we will have paid $100 per share in dividends, $100 per share of dividends throughout our public history. Finally, we're just pleased with the Supreme Court's decision. As you know, we were been very vocal about it and we do think this will help level the playing field between physical retailers and online and hopefully the communities that those physical retailers and those properties serve. Guidance, we raised our full year guidance from $12.05 to $12.13 per share. This is an increase of $0.09 from our original prior guidance and represents 7.5% to 8.2% growth compared to our FFO of 11.21 per share for 2017. Finally, I would just like to say it was a very good quarter and we continue to grow our cash flow with our good earnings momentum. We're ready for questions now.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler ONeill. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you. Good morning, good morning out there.
David Simon: Good morning.
Alexander Goldfarb: Yeah. So my first question is, I don't think you talked about the big jump in other income, but in aggregate, if you could just talk about what the drivers were in there. And then also what your thoughts are on the impact of the change in internal leasing costs to 2019? Some of the other companies are starting to provide some estimate, so that the analyst can through up their numbers for 2019?
David Simon: Yes. The jump in other income was basically a gain in converting our Aero, IPCO investment into shares, out Authentic Brands Group and that number was offset by a significant decrease in lease settlement income. When you net the two it's essentially a positive $25 million, roughly. The good news on that Alex is, I know there were a lot of naysayers on the Aero deal, were way in the money. We've already converted into a significant profit and Authentic Brands Group is a great company. We're a shareholder of around 6% roughly and we continue to think that company will do great things and it's great to be a partner associated with Jamie Salter and his team, as well as Lion Capital, General Atlantic and Leonard Green. Obviously, you know, a very high level, as well as General Growth frankly, a very high level group of shareholders that will continue to accumulate brands and present opportunities for us. And then obviously we had a pretty significant decrease in lease settlement income. If you go quarter-over-quarter. And on the leasing you know, we're still finalizing it, but it'll be under 1%, under 1% of our you know, of our run $12 plus. So I hope - I know you're smart and I hope you can do that math.
Alexander Goldfarb: I have back up just in case. The next question is you know, lot of headlines recently over Tesla them asking for cash back from their suppliers. Clearly it's been a big driver of mall traffic. So can you just talk a little bit about your thoughts on Tesla? And then also just what we heard last week from some of the other retail companies, it sounds like the pace of backfilling space had increased. So maybe if you could just combine those, how you're thinking about the pace of backfilling tenants?
David Simon: Yeah. Just - Tesla is a great company, a great product, no concerns. I'll let Rick talk about retailer demand. And you know, I would say we feel pretty good. But let Rick add to that.
Rick Sokolov: In fact, it is accelerating and there is increasing interest you saw in our filings. We've done a lot of new leasing. Again, I won't incur David's wrath by listing all the tenants that we're doing business with. But there are a lot of them. We came out of our meetings with a significant number of open device across a broad swap of tenants. And as I said before, they are coming from e-tailers, international, existing tenants and brand extensions from our existing tenants, along with new tenants. And that is feeding our pipeline and I think you're seeing that as you walk our property.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy of Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Berman: Hey. It's Michael Berman here with Christine. Happy Monday. David you included a new slide in the supplemental slide 28 on the development activity summary, where you sort of broke down the share of net cost of the [indiscernible] in the quarter pipeline between the platform, and then redev and dev. I'm wondering how you think about that densification piece of 15% today. But really each of the slices how you think that's going to evolve over the next few years, given you have a lot of projects in the pipeline that are not yet sort of in the activity summary, how you think thats - this is going to evolve both in terms of total size, in terms of cost, how that [indiscernible] in a quarter move and then the share between each of the slices?
David Simon: Yeah. I mean, I can only - I can only answer you know in big picture terms, because as you know, we only put this - we don't our development type like you know like the European companies do. But
Michael Berman: Shadow of the shadow of the shadow
David Simon: Yeah. If we did - if we did though, the general number would be over $5 billion of readily available projects. And I would say to you Michael the shift will be more towards the mall - the U.S. mall and densification effort. And so you know right now if you put those two together it's roughly 50%. I would think that that would tend to you know when we put on that King of Prussia and the Brea as we turn that in, but in that development pipe that reaches $5 billion. You'd see more of a shift there. As an example, we don't have Phipps Plaza in yet, even though we know it's goal project, we're finalizing all of our numbers. We'll take that to our development community here in the next, I think in the next month or so. So I think you'll see that shift in that take a bigger chunk of that. You know, international is episodic. We've got - we're - you know obviously we're excited about what's going on in Thailand and we're looking in other areas in Southeast Asia. We're also looking in the Middle East with our you know Premium Outlet business. So - and I do think we'll find - continue to find a U.S. Premium Outlet new development and I think you'll see the redevelopment of that portfolio begin to pick up. Given the big nature of these projects, so the densification of mall you know, I see that - I would see that tend to increase generically.
Michael Berman: And then when you guys did the Aero deal, I remember you talked on the conference call about vertical integration and that was the time of - I think the Time Warner deal had been announced at that point and then you made a big deal about how vertical
David Simon: I didn't make a big deal. Okay, let's be clear, let's be clear on that.
Michael Berman: What I was saying was, you made a big deal about how you know other companies are given a lot of rope for vertical integration and much larger things versus $25 million, $30 million investment on a $100 billion company that wanted some latitude to do those sorts of things and couple of years later that investment as you mentioned clearly is done well and you've been able to rotate your stake in real larger brand oriented company. So going forward, how do you think about furthering those sorts of investments where you are taking some level of additional vertical integration in terms of types of experiential type real estate or other types of brands or other retailers or other things that you would be able to see to bring to your assets? Does that change the calculus at all in your head?
David Simon: Well, you know, we feel comfortable that we - you know we're not  you know maybe we can replicate what we did in Aero. But I mean my goodness, we are - we had essentially no investment in Aero and the business is - I mean we actually have a real big gain, obviously because we see the GAAP financial statements. But you know, that's a business that we you know have effectively from a book value no gain or no investment, negative investment that is you've gotten the gains through the P&L and we still own you know just under 6% ABG, which is worth more than you know a lot more investment. We have the operating business which will throw off. You know, I don't know. We own a little under 50% which will throw off in the $30 million to $35 million range EBITDA, pretax, blah, blah, blah. So and as you know we got criticized on that deal and a lot of the people were concerned we  bought it because that's the only way we could keep the rent payer, and all these other stuff. So hopefully we've put some of that aside. We just thought there was - you know this was a brand that was doing at $1.2 billion of sales. And it had the - it made sense to be able to save the brand. So I feel comfortable we're going to continue to find those investments. We're going to - we're looking at a number of them in the retail restaurant area. we're also looking at a number of them in the venture capital area. And then I wouldn't rule out you know those won't be big investments Michael, but then I wouldn't rule out you know at some point a bigger investment that you know that really aligns with what we're doing, which is we collect  were in a brand building business, the consumer facing business. And obviously we've got all these physical property. So I wouldn't rule it out, but you know nothing's in the works right now. But we'll continue to make hopefully smart tactical investments in good businesses, in good brands and good retailers and good restaurants. And we're working on a number of them. But those won't be sizable, in terms of what you've seen historically. And I will add you know that given Aeros success, I mean ABG and Aero brought the Nautica business just recently. And you know creating a similar OpCo IPCo structure you know, and we think that's another good brand to be part of that family.
Michael Berman: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa of Evercore. You8r line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good morning.
David Simon: Good morning
Steve Sakwa: Hey, David, just looking at your page 27, the development activity, I mean I realize that some of the numbers kind of bounce around quarter-to-quarter. Your overall development returns were pretty flat and unchanged from last quarter. The mall redevelopment did tick down a couple hundred basis points. And I'm just wondering if there's anything specific that relates to mix or maybe there's more residential coming in that has lower returns. Anything we should kind of know about that?
David Simon: Not really. You know, I would say generally in all of our - all of these kind of metrics, whether they're you know sales, lease spreads, occupancy, development returns. You know we are always going to have quarter-to-quarter ups, downs, flatness, et cetera. So generally it's just new stuff coming out. Its open coming out, new stuff coming in and I wouldn't say you know Steve there's any trend there other than mix changes all the time.
Steve Sakwa: And maybe just a follow up. Just anything on the construction cost side, just given all the things that we're hearing about, whether it's steel, aluminium, other import prices. I mean, how do you sort of think about that if you're looking at new projects and underwriting them?
David Simon: Well, that's a very good question. I do - we are planning for cost increases. So you know, we're going to - obviously we're covered in the stuff that's under construction, because we generally do a guaranteed max price contract. But the new stuff's all going to be vetted with what we think is higher construction cost. And again those returns are going to have to be generated that will be accretive to us, otherwise we won't do it. But I do think that that's a fair statement. Costs are rising. And you know, I wouldn't call it material yet or deal breaking by any stretch of the imagination. But we are - we are confronted with our construction cost.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then maybe just going back to some of the e-tailer comments that you made, I know - I believe it was Roosevelt Field. You sort of created almost like an incubator or space concept for the e-tailers and would rotate folks through. I'm just curious how that sort of experiments gone and sort of what your thought is about rolling that out across the portfolio?
David Simon: Good question. I think you know, we are still experimenting with the edit. It is doing well. We're cycling retailers in and out, not necessarily e-tailors. It could be someone wanting to build their brand, take advantage of the traffic in the mall, et cetera. We do  you know, I'd say it's a little early yet to commit to this, but we do think that that's a business that you know once we fine-tune it, we could roll it out a little bit more. I know number of our peers are also experimenting with similar concepts. So I do think there's a business there. We've been pleased with it. You know it's - we have growing pains like anything else. We cycled brands in and out of it, but I think we feel - we feel there's an opportunity there, hard to quantify and hard to tell you how many. But there's clearly - I mean, there's no difference here than anything. I mean, people  I shouldn't say people, brands and retailers want access to our traffic that's going through our buildings. It's up to us as the owners of it to make it in a way that presents their business so that the consumer can experience it. And I think this is one of many ways that we can do it. Rick, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Rick Sokolov: The only thing I would also say is we've already had one of the tenants in there that is opening up some incremental locations with us throughout the portfolio because they were pleased with the experience they had there. So it does work as an incubator and we're seeing positive results out of it.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And maybe just last question, Dave you touched on sales up a little over 4.5%. I don't know if you or Rick just kind of maybe provide any commentary around categories or just things that did really well in the second quarter, maybe some of the areas that are lagging?
David Simon: The stronger categories were home improvement, sporting goods, entertainment, home entertainment, family apparel. Weaker were women's, moderate in special sizes and home furniture.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, Guys. Thanks.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Craig Schmidt: Great, thanks. Maybe you could get an update on Simon's new tech initiatives to better connect its consumers with its centers?
David Simon: Well, that's a long winded answer on an earnings call. Id just say Greg, there is a lots going on in how we're approaching that. We have a number of ideas how to do it better. So we're doing both incremental approach, you know, to increase that connection. But I also think there are broader and bigger ideas that we have that were considering. So you know, I would say if you look at some of the generic things that are out there, you know, our visits store, our app store and our website are significant, our gift card sales are significant increases year-over-year, so we're making our connection through all - the various social medias are increasing and growing. So there's a lot going on that we're doing. Our showcase of deals is getting more throughput, more retailers are joining. So there's so much going on incrementally thats showing very positive signs. But you know, we're also in the phase of developing bigger and better ideas to scale with even  even at a greater extent.
Rick Sokolov: The one thing I would add is we also have that. Weve moved online our coupon book and our VIP Club at Premium Outlets and that's generating literally millions of members that are substantially enhancing our ability to track our customers and establish relationships with them. So that's been also very positive in that area.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And would you say your marketing budgets at your new individual centers are moving away from traditional media and towards some of these newer emerging ways to connect?
David Simon: Without question, yeah, a big shift in - you know, now listen we all - we shouldn't say all, I struggle all the time on return on investment and marketing dollars, some others might. But clearly the shift is toward social media away from traditional print and television. We still believe television can provide a lot of reach. But you know, I think we're no different than a lot of other major companies that are - that are moving toward more social media to the extent that those platforms deliver what they say they're going to deliver. And you know, obviously we won't get into that that whole issue.
Craig Schmidt: And just lastly, are you seeing the strength in your  on your properties, on luxury retailers, we seem to be hearing from other sources?
David Simon: Yes. We had very good results with our luxury category without question.
Craig Schmidt: Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Rich Hill: Hey, David. Good morning. I wanted just follow up on the expense side, you've noted previously that you've done a good job of tightening the so-called belt on expenses and it looks like you did another good job with that this quarter. So wondering you know, how much further you think you might have in terms of reducing those expenses just as we look forward over the next couple of quarters and maybe the next year. I am not looking for you to give guidance, but just in terms of your ability to continue to tighten up there? That would be helpful.
David Simon: I would say to you we're in pretty good shape. I don't expect anything dramatic now. The one thing I would point out to you and Tom I don't know what page it is, our other expenses went down. This was not included in our funds from operation. But part of our other expense, what page is that Tom?
Tom Ward: Page 21.
David Simon: Page 21 went down because of the increase in the stock price of WPG quarter-over-quarter. We elected not to put that in funds from operation, otherwise we would have generated $0.03 more and you can see that, that's basically a reduction of other expense, that's in footnote 3 there. So you may - I don't know if you saw that or not Rich, but I just want to point that out. But I would say the broader question is, we're - you know we're probably in pretty good shape on the expenses. We're always focused on it, but I wouldn't expect anything dramatic there.
Rich Hill: Got it. And just maybe one other question if I can. Going back to the other income, I understand the reclassification from Aero, I'm sorry for maybe being dense here. But I was a little bit confused by the offset by lease settlement income. Can you clarify that. I assume you mean that lease settlement income maybe wasn't as high this quarter versus last quarter given Teavana?
David Simon: Yeah. I mean, basically I don't remember went to Teavana was in. But last Q over Q, I think we had a reduction of roughly $10 million plus in lease settlement income and the net increase in other income is around 25. I wouldn't call it a reclass, it's actually not a reclass. We exchanged our interest in the Aero IPCo, which we own around 30% or shares in Authentic Brands Group on a value based upon where they recently - new investors came into to the company. We thought that was a good transaction for us because it not only diversifies the risk, but were then writing you know the growth of the ABG above and beyond what happens with Aero. So wasn't a reclass, it was actually a transaction. But basically those are the two differences I hope I answered your question.
Rich Hill: You did. Thank you very much.
David Simon: Sure.
Rich Hill: That's it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just given some of the shifts we're seeing in the retail landscape today, e-commerce continuing to grow. I was hoping you could talk about the importance of scale today. We saw when your mall peers combine earlier this year, you guys obviously moved away from a portion of your lower gross assets a few years ago with the WPG spend. But obviously youve continued to build - in your opening remarks you mentioned expanding geographically, expanding your reach. So just wondering if you could talk about the advantages of getting bigger in today's environment?
David Simon: Well, listen I think you know more or less as we've seen in corporate America, I think scale is really important. You know, and it goes beyond - beyond real estate. You know, look at look at BlackRock, I mean, where do they run $6 trillion, you know that scale is important. Look at that Blackstone, in terms of their private equity and real estate business. Look at obviously - you know look at what's going on with the tech companies you know, from you know all the things that they all have scale and believe me they use that to their advantage in a lot of ways. So I think scale is important. You know, the offset on scale is that our business in you know when you get to the fundamentals of the real estate it's still a very local business. So you've got to be able to do both in our business, whereas you know some of these other companies don't have to worry necessarily about you the location main and main, where we do. So that scale is important learned experiences you know are important. And I think we've been able to do a lot of what we've been able to do because you know we've grown our business. On the other hand, you know, you can blow it, it all takes is one you know big scale deal. And if you don't - if you don't understand it appropriately or you stretch the balance sheet you know too much and you can't weather a down cycle, I mean, you can - it can go for naught. So you try to find that fine balance, it's very difficult in a lot a respects. And I would just finally say that you know we feel the good thing about what we feel about is that we you know, we don't feel and I've been said this for a little bit of time, but we don't feel like we have to just do a deal just to do a deal, we'll find where we can add value and make some money on it.
Jeremy Metz: I appreciate that color. And then just one last one for me, just in terms of densifying assets or adding these other non-retailer users, youve talked about enhancing the experience in terms of the live work play and shop and you guys have obviously increased your focus on adding these other uses, I mean it's partially resulted to simply getting more access, do you think, or boxes, your peers have done the same. I'm just wondering, just part of your larger development, redevelopement group or do you have a dedicated team looking specifically at these opportunities and if you do, do you continue to hire of that as add more projects, or do you feel like the team is largely built out at this point to handle what seems like a growing pipeline of opportunities?
David Simon: Yeah, no. All right on spot. So here's the way we do it generally, we have a development group that will get the permit. So you know, what I call the traditional mall development group, but the actual underwriting development, construction, et cetera is actually housed within its own separate group. And we are adding resources to that group to do our hotel and our multifamily opportunities that you know in some cases we'll do at our own as you know, some case we do with JVs. So our roles and responsibilities change on by deal, but we're - you know the permitting process is basically that same process that we've embarked upon for year after year after year. But we are adding resources to the execution and the identification and importantly the underwriting of that group and I think we'll continue to add dedicated - we actually just hired someone that will do you know - continue to do hotel and resi stuff. So you know without question well be beefing up some internal resources.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks for the time,
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Your line is open.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning.
David Simon:  Good morning.
Haendel St. Juste: So David my Mizuho counterpart in Asia recently hosted some property tours on the ground there and noted incredible growth. So I guess I'm curious why you arent there in a bigger presence, is your new outlet in Thailand perhaps a sign of more to come or you looking at looking at more in Asia these days and could we perhaps see Simon making incremental shift to do more in Asia given the opportunity relative to the US?
David Simon: Well, you know it's not - we've basically decided we don't want to do full price in Asia. You know, absent some unbelievable dislocation in the market and you know almost clay peer-like in you know full prices, you know troubled and you know the world's ending and you know, you go in and you buy it at a discount to the value. So what we've found is that our Premium Outlet brand has terrific identity there and the ability to do that is basically new development, right. So new development takes time and part of that is finding the - you know we don't want to do that ourselves, so we have to find the right partner and then we have to find the right sites and then we have to develop it and then we have to lease it. It just takes time. So I'm pleased to note that our partnership in Japan is doing well, same thing in Korea, same thing in Malaysia and now in Thailand we have a great partner and I think we're starting off here, it's going to take a couple of years to build. We have a great partner in Mexico and great partners in Canada. So definitely well grow that business. But that's why it takes the time it takes and yes we are looking at other markets in Southeast Asia, but it does - it just  its a longer - unless you're going to go buy something - development takes time.
Haendel St. Juste: What about China, specifically?
David Simon: It's a very you know interesting question and that we think about the outlet business in China all the time. We've looked at opportunities all the time. We have not found the right one. But we have certainly by no stretch of the imagination ruled out the outlet business in China. I mean, that could be a possibility for the company under the right - under the right circumstances.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Thank you for that. Curious on of your thoughts on stock buybacks here, it looks like you're buying back during the quarter with the stock down in the 150, stocks moved a bit here, curious on what your appetite at these levels would be?
David Simon: I think it's still to be opportunistic. You know, we'll continue to buy stock back, you know, we try to be thoughtful when we do it and take advantage of the market when it's volatile.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Last one, on lease up progress at your recent redev and development projects, Denver, Boca, I'm curious, are you getting the merchandise, the rates and the lease term you're seeking. And as part of that how does the average length of terms for your new deals, not renewals, but new deals compared to say 5 or 10 years ago? Thank you.
Rick Sokolov: In terms of Denver and in the expansion in Toronto, you're going to find those opening substantially leased over 90% with great collections of tenants, including luxury and really across the board. So we've been very pleased with how that has been done. In our new deals the terms are very consistent with what they have been historically.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai of Barclays. Your line is open.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Retail REITs I know lease settlement income is not in SS NOI. But we can also assume that the Aero gain was also excluded from SS NOI, right?
David Simon: Yes. Let's -- it's not incomparable. It's in our FFO. And I couldn't hear exactly what you said. So restate it.
Linda Tsai: I just want to know is Aero in your SS NOI?
David Simon: Oh no, I'm sorry. I thought I was hearing FF. No it's not in our same store NOI, absolutely not.
Linda Tsai: Okay.
David Simon: As you know - as you pointed out, nor is lease settlement income.
Linda Tsai: Okay. And then when you think about how retailers are building brands these days, you know, what's critical or what are some of the trends, like I've read for example that you know, stores feel like they need to be Instagrammable, and millennials like and prefer subscription services? But what do you think is changed from a real estate point of view for landlords. And you know what are you doing to facilitate these new requirements?
David Simon: Well, I think you know, they basically want great  nothings changed in that sense. I mean, they want really good real estate with traffic and the right brands around them. So you know, it's interesting and I won't - I don't want to steal Rick's thunder in this. But you know, I would say we have at least 50, 60 retailers. We actually break them by category in these categories. You know, their e-commerce, pure e-commerce growing and then they want stores or they want access to our consumers. We have the growth e-commerce, in other words they've already done that and they are growing. We have the international expanders, people that are from international that are expanding. Then we have the new international tenants and they are starting to grow. We have start up or to renew the portfolio with national aspirations and growth categories which are a start up or new to portfolio, again with national aspirations. When you put them together in these categories in have 50 names, but what they all want is consumers you know, the right cotenancy so to speak, if I can't come up with a better word and they want to be in. And I also want  I think the - who the owner of their real estate is important to them to some degree. I mean, so when you put it all together, and you know that's - I think that's what they want. I hope I answered your question.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. That was helpful. Just one last question on  a clarification on Washington Prime. Why has their fair value changed? Because I didn't out guys still held shares?
David Simon: We had units that we had since the spinoff under 3%. We've had that from the get go. And the only reason why that volatility is in and out is because of the new accounting standards. So that started at the beginning of this year. And so each quarter we have the mark-to-market in any public securities or readily marketable securities that we have. We have chosen not to include that in FFO and again, as we said you can see that on page 21, you can see the financial impacts, it does it does go through our GAAP statements.
Linda Tsai: And what we the fair market value adjustments, the result of?
David Simon: Its because the stock went up.
Linda Tsai: Okay.
David Simon: It's better than it going down. Actually the quarter before it went down. So we had a loss - we had an increase in our other expense Q1. And again, we didn't  that didnt run through FFO at that quarter either.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: Thanks, hi. David, you said that redevelopment of the Premium Outlet portfolio may be picking up. Curious what's driving that, are you just adding more GLA to meet demand or are you going to be doing something different to those centers?
David Simon: Well, I think in some cases absolutely we have gone back to kind of the - you know take Wrentham as an example. We have a food court that you know were not sold on, that's the best use. And what do we do with that box to it up and then make it more customer friendly. And I just think it's been a matter of - you know, we've been so busy in developing new centers that you know that was the focus and as thats changed to some degree, were just going back to the portfolio and mining the opportunities much like we did with the mall business. Now I will say, we've got you know, a couple of major new developments in the outlet business that we've been working on. So stay tuned on those, but you know, those will be exciting developments if in fact they you know they do come to fruition. So we'll still do selective new development in the U.S., but I just think it's a matter of rededicating the resources to going back through the existing portfolio to make sure that you know, they're doing all that they can to continue to be attractive places for the consumer.
Rick Sokolov: The other thing we're doing, as David just indicated, if you did any Clarksburg or when you see Denver, you're going to see a much higher level of amenities for our customers, fireplaces, outdoor seating areas, upgraded play and as we go back and look at these properties we're implementing those incremental amenities throughout our portfolio with very good results.
Michael Mueller: It sounds good. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Good morning. This is Keyvan.
David Simon: Morning
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. So David, I just wanted to go back to your comment about leasing improving, if you can just talk a little bit more about what's behind that and how much of the improvement in leasing volume or whatever you're referring to is tied to Simon improving the merchandise mix at the malls through redevelopment or just changing retailers or how much of it is it the older guard of retailers just doing better on improved strategy or merchandising. And lastly, how much of it is just a better economy. I mean, retail is supposed to do well and a 4% unemployment economy, right?
David Simon: Well, listen I think all of the above is the simple, I can't break it down by percentage. But you know, but the reality is our portfolio, our common area or a small shop is so big that there's not  there is just no way that one thing can move in one direction or another. It's just mathematically impossible. So you know, listen the growth in the economy is terrific. We're very pleased to have seen it. And obviously is consumer is spending more. That's terrific. We haven't seen that for a number of years. A number of our retailers are getting better and healthier. And I think the tax cut on their business gave them more earnings to invest or replenish their merchandise. We're working through a number of the bankruptcies and replacing them with better retailers. We're upgrading our mix, so you put it all together and I think that's what's generated at least the increase in sales. But you know, it's just mathematically impossible for one thing to move it one way or another. I wish I had maybe I should, I wish I knew exactly how to calibrate which of the three or four categories you mentioned, which is driving it, but I think it's all in that number, it's all or part of it. I mean, I dont  I the retailers to some extent were playing defense and now they're playing a little more offense. But you know it's impossible for me to tell you what you know, what by category, but I'd say it's all of the above.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just last on CapEx. I know that number can move around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. The CapEx offered per square foot did that change at all the trend wise over the past couple quarters?
David Simon: Not really. I mean, and I do think you mentioned a good point. I mean, there is quarter-to-quarter variance, if you look at it, you should look at it that 12 months or on an annual basis and you'll see it is not a lot - there's not a lot of difference.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning.
David Simon: Morning.
Caitlin Burrows: I have two shorter ones, just on the densification projects, you guys now indicate with an asterisk which project Simon has an ownership interest in, so I just was wondering for those that do not have an asterisk, does, somebody else own them. Did you contribute the land? Or kind of what's going on at those other properties?
David Simon: Well, in some cases, we contributed the land or sold the land. But in a lot of cases it's just - it's further validation of the location that we have that there is a lot more going on and that you know, in that parcel than you know - than what we're doing. So, I think it's - it goes under the category of helpful information maybe I guess, I don't  and I don't get overly excited. I care about what we do, but it's always good to have better neighbours.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. So just looking at one that doesn't have one, like Coconut Point in Estero, that opened last year with a hotel, that just means that it's something that somebody else was doing. But it should help our sensor, is that right category
David Simon: Correct. Thats correct.
Rick Sokolov: We sold them the land as part of our master plan development. We had a parcel that we designated for hotel development. It was across the road from our existing project, so it wasn't integrated and it was just a sale, but it certainly enhances our overall environment.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Okay. And then the other was just, I know its small portion, wondering if you could give any update on Puerto Rico properties that you have. If they're - to what extent they're back to where they were a year ago or if they still have more catch up do?
David Simon: They have - they continue to have a significant amount of catch up to do. And I'd say the outlet, the Premium Outlet is in much better shape, the mall because you know, it's easier and faster to build an outlet store than it is a mall. The mall is taking a little bit more time to get back up on its feet. We're hopeful by the end of this year, it will continue. But you know, there's a lot of work to be done and more in the mall than in the outlet at this point.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning, guys. I am just curious, David, occupancy costs, say, ticked below about 1.3% for the first time, I think since about 2016. Now that tenant sales are moving more strongly forward. I know I'm asking you to predict retail sales, but I'm just curious you know, longer term how do you think about occupancy costs, do you expect them to return to sort of the 11% to 12% range what you saw years ago that seemed to be where you stabilized or do you think you can hold the 13% peak that we've been operating at?
David Simon: Well, you know, that's a real tough one. I mean, I - there's so much that goes into that beyond you know - it's space by space, it's supply and demand. It's the model that you know, the high end retailers have much more margin on their product, and so they can pay a higher occupancy cost. I mean, I don't think there's any real generic statement that I can give to you, other than I think we're you know pretty good at trying to price our real estate. But you know, we have to price in a way that the retailer is profitable. So I wish you it were more science than art because then it would solve a lot of problems and be even more efficient than we already are. I can just do an algorithm and say here's the price of the real estate. But the reality is it's not quite that simple. And you know, I just  I can't predict where that will go though. I'm not alarmed that you know suddenly we're going to you know - it's going to have to go lower and lower. I just don't - I just - you know I'm not alarmed, I'm not worried about it.
Jeff Donnelly: And or in other words, like you don't get the message from your retailers that they need more occupancy costs because of more pressure on their operating margins?
David Simon: Well, we certainly - we get that every day, but we've gotten that every day for you know, I don't know how long. So, yeah, there's always a big discussion on that. And you know, I mean, it's retailer by retailer, it's a location, it's you know, again, there's so much more margin on their product  our product is so much different then and when I call you know, you can put it all together in Class A office you know, it's very on commodity like, because there's so much to it because of the location, the traffic, the mall, the competition, et cetera, et cetera. So you know, it's very hard to do it, the way you might see traditional real estate priced. So  but we try to find that happy medium and you know, we're not - we're going to not be - you know, we're going to lose deals so in some cases we didn't, but we tried to find the happy medium.
Jeff Donnelly: Analyst just some of our peers have been increasing with the penetration of you know, their exposure to restaurants and entertainment as they sort of merchandise the mall. How do you guys balance the relevancy of your merchandising, in this case the restaurants versus the higher costs of those deals and maybe the higher turnover risk of restaurants, just so you're not effectively jumping from one risk to another? Because there is a lot of studies out there that say maybe saying we're getting a little over restaurant, I'm just curious what your thoughts are.
David Simon: Well, I think the most important thing is making sure you have the right brand, and you know, like others we've got a dedicated team that focuses on those opportunities both entertainment and in the restaurants. And it's really a function of making sure you have the ability to know how they're going to do, we have - how many restaurants we have Rick?
Rick Sokolov: We have literally 1750 food users in our mall portfolio.
David Simon: So I mean, that gives us a lot of experiences, what's going to work and what's not. And believe me you know Jeff, we take we take risks there. We experiment and sometimes we crap out. But you know, that's part of the job. I mean, we've got to - sometimes we've got to invest in the new restauranteur to see if this is something that will add value to that center and then maybe go beyond that center. Now when we do that we're very good at making sure it's lean free. We're very sure we'll get the improvements that kitchen won't be ripped out, so you know that operator happens not to be the right operator, we dont start out. That to me is the key on any of these new concepts, as you got to make sure that if you do take a little more risk than you do then you want to at the end of the day you've got a restaurant or a facility thats easier to lease and you don't have to reinvest again you know, you reduce costs. So you're investing a space that you can monetize over longer period of time.
Jeff Donnelly: Maybe just one last one, on leasing spreads just a housekeeping aspect. Do you have NOI weighted leasing spreads for Q1 and Q2 this year?
David Simon: We do not Tom we dont tend to give it out, but Tom will give it out to you maybe if he is in a good mood.
Jeff Donnelly: Okay.
David Simon: I determine whether he is at a good mood or not.
Tom Ward: Just kidding. I am just kidding.
David Simon: Well, maybe I am not. All right. Where we can, I know we done that. I don't know why, but we like, okay. Thank you.
Jeff Donnelly: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Christy McElroy of Citi. Your line is open.
Christy McElroy: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
David Simon:  Good morning.
Christy McElroy: It seems like with the Toys Toys"R"Us liquidation, there was less - a bit of a hole for some brands from a distribution standpoint. Are you seeing any residual impact from any of those brands seeking other distribution channels, maybe looking to open stores as an added direct to consumer distribution point, particularly maybe on the outlet and maybe it's not specific to choice it just trying to think about the residual impact from the fall out thats occurred in the last year or so?
Rick Sokolov: There's no doubt that the manufacturers are very focused on how they're going to distribute their goods. We are working with a number of potential retailers that are looking to be able to replace, primarily the specialty store component that Toys"R"Us had in our portfolio. And we're optimistic - we're going to be able to come up with a couple of tenants that are going to want to take advantage of that and we're working with the manufacturers directly because they also are focused on how they're going to distribute their goods in that channel.
David Simon: Yeah. You know, Christy, I would say for sure though there is definitely going to - just on the Toys issue there  would shock me, and you know, and maybe who knows. But it would shock me if there's not a toy retailer that you know re-emerges from the Toys"R"Us debacle because I do think you know, there is a reason to buy toys in the physical environment. So again, I mean, that toys thing was a debacle of massive proportions, but there is no question and there's a number of people that you know that are out there, that are thinking about how to create a new generational toy a physical toy retail experience. And in fact, I mean, I don't know if you know this Christy, but you'll see FAO Schwarz open up, I believe Q4, maybe even earlier in Rockefeller Center with their latest version on what FAO will look like going forward. So you know, again, there's no question that that will  that will I think will happen, we'll see.
Christy McElroy: I am sure. And it definitely has to be something more experiential. Just on the leasing side, in your traditional shop leasing, can you talk about any changes that you're making or looking to make to the language in the lease contracts, when it comes to things like cotenancy clauses and sales calculations, just given the changes to shopping that's occurred in shopping center format?
David Simon: Yeah, I think all of those - given the business continues to change and evolve, there is always - first of all we don't like them but you know, reality is we have to deal with them and there's always modifications and changes, that we have to deal with, because there's going to be you know, as we know Sears, many - certain other department stores. So we always have to modify those things.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then just lastly on the guidance increase, it seemed like a majority of that increase was inherent in the gain on the Authentic Brands conversion. Is that accurate? Or have you included any of that, have you anticipated that in your prior guidance. I'm just trying to think about, things on the core side...
David Simon: Yeah, that's a very good question and I thank you for asking it. We always knew that we were going to convert that. And that was always in our original guidance. So again, I mean, we're a business, we're not just - you know we try to give this guidance and there's a lot - as you know we've got - we're not just 10 more - I mean we've got an ongoing, living, breathing business. But that was always contemplated. Our partner had done it earlier. I can't really remember when they did it. We were debating whether to do it or not. But we've felt like it was likely to do, so in our original guidance we did it. And so the increase that we have today is above and beyond that because that was in the original guidance.
Christy McElroy: Okay. Any other big items like that that we should be thinking about as we towards the second half?
David Simon: Nothing jumps out of me.
Christy McElroy: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Wes Golladay of RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Wes Golladay: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Just want to go back to Puerto Rico. Are you receiving any business interruption insurance? And are you looking, I guess, what is the lost in NOI for the year?
David Simon: Well, that's not in our numbers and we don't book BI until we actually receive it. And in fact, if you see some of the P&L changes and reduction in minimum rents and tenant reimbursements, a lot of that is due to the Puerto Rico situation. So none of that's in our guidance, I'm sorry none of thats in our  none of that has been received and it's not in our guidance at this point.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then looking to the second half for same store NOI base rent, do you expect a meaningful lift from converting temporary tenants to permanent tenants?
David Simon: No I mean, we don't look at it quite that way. And as you know, we give our same store comp NOI at the beginning of the year and then you know, whatever the number is, the number is. We do our best to do a little bit better than what the number is.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks for taking the question.
David Simon: Sure. No worries.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, there are no further questions. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. David Simon, Chief Executive Officer for closing remarks.
David Simon: All right. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Ward - SVP, IR David Simon - Chairman and CEO Rick Sokolov - President and COO Andy Juster - CFO Steve Broadwater - Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Michael Bilerman - Citi Christy McElroy - Citi Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Nick Yulico - UBS Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Floris van Dijkum - Boenning Linda Tsai - Barclays
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2018 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session; instructions will be given follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Christy. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of todays date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, Im pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good morning, everybody. Were pleased to report a strong start to the year. Retailers are performing better following a strong holiday season and decent start to the year. Demand is picking up for our space and traffic and sales are up. We continue to invest in our product with a long-term view of creating compelling, integrated environments or consumers to live, work, stay, play, and of course shop. We completed several significant redevelopment projects, are under construction on others, and announced more activity that will further enhance the value of our real estate and grow our cash flow. And we continue to identify unique, strategic, new development opportunities globally, that will extend our reach and create world-class destinations. Before I turn to the results of the quarter, I would like to provide some perspective. First, we expect to generate in excess of $4 billion in earnings this year, thats FFO. There are only 40 companies in the S&P 100 that are projected to generate over $4 billion in earnings this year and have an A rated balance sheet. Simon is one of them. Second, we expect to distribute approximately $3 billion in dividends this year, which would make us one of the top 40 dividend paying companies in the entire world and country and obviously, in the S&P 100. Finally, our stock is trading at a 12 times multiple, which is a 30% discount to our historical average multiple of approximately 18 times. This is the lowest multiple SPG has traded at over the last eight years, despite compound annual growth rate of more than 11% in earnings and 14% in dividends over that period of time. And as you know, our numbers speak for themselves. Results in the quarter were highlighted by FFO of $2.87 per share, an increase of 4.7% compared to the prior year and exceeding the first call consensus estimates by $0.04 per share. This marks the first time we generated in excess of $1 billion of FFO in the quarter. We continue to grow our cash flow and report solid key operating metrics. Total portfolio NOI increased 4.8% or more than $70 million in the quarter and our comp NOI increased 2.3% for the quarter. And as you remember, and I want to reiterate, they do not include lease settlement income. Linking activity remained solid, continues to improve. Average base minimum rent was $50 -- $53.54, up 3.3% compared to last year. The mall only outlets recorded leasing spreads of $8.45 per foot, an increase of 12.6%. And we are pleased that retail sales momentum continued to pick up in the first quarter. In fact, each of our platforms posted record sales productivity for the period. Reported retailer sales per square foot for our malls and premium outlets was $641 compared to $615 in the prior year period, an increase of 4.2%. As a reminder, this sales metric is based on information reported by the retailers. As a point of reference, while reported retail sales grew a strong 4%. We know there are significant number of retailers who are underreporting their sales number because theyre deducting returns of online sales that were not previously reported as store sales. This is not allowed under our leases. Although we plan to continue to provide reported retailer sales, it is important for the investment community to understand. We believe this metric is understated. Our malls and outlets ended the quarter at 94.6%. Occupancy is down compared to last year due to timing of the bankruptcies processed last year and the first quarter of this year, as well as the addition of new space brought on line last year that is slightly lower than the overall average for the quarter. On an NOI-weighted basis for our operating metrics were as follows. Reported retail sales on an NOI-weighted basis is $804 per foot compared to $641. And again, this number we believe is still understated. Occupancy is 95.6% compared to 94.6%. And average base minimum rent is $70.34 compared to $53.54. Just to turn to new development. In Edmonton, Canada, the Premium Outlet Collection will open next Wednesday, May 2nd, marking our fourth outlet center in Canada. Construction continues on four additional new outlets, Denver, Colorado opening in December; Queretaro, Mexico, which will open in December; Malaga, Spain, which will open in the spring of 19; and Cannock, United Kingdom, which will open in the spring of 2020. We have development -- redevelopment expansion projects underway at nearly 30 of our properties across all of our platforms in the U.S. and internationally, and we continuously evaluate our portfolio for additional opportunities. During the quarter, 175,000 square-foot expansion, opened at Aventura Mall, one of the most productive retail centers in the U.S. During the quarter, we started construction on a significant redevelopment at Southdale; were replacing a former JCPenney box with a Life Time Athletic, Life Time Sports and Work, specialty shops, restaurants, 146-room Homewood Suites, as well as the Restoration Hardware and Shake Shack restaurant. Were also working through the entitlement process for our transformative redevelopment projects of the former department store spaces at Phipps, Plaza and at King of Prussia. Phipps has started construction KoP will start we hope by the end of the year. Lastly, we announced our plans to redevelop five locations, five Sears locations Brea, Burlington, Midland, Ocean and Ross Park Mall. Each of these projects has unique plans dependent upon the needs of the communities in which they are located, including entertainment, fitness, dining halls, restaurants, residential, hotel, office and of course new to market retailers. These are all go projects. Our industry-leading balance sheet continues to differentiate us. During the quarter our A/A2 unsecured credit ratings were firm with the stable outlook by S&P and by Moodys, respectively. And by the way, similar A and A2 rated companies in our sector do not come close to our financial characteristics. However, it is what it is. We amended and extended our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility with the lower pricing grid for five years. And we closed and are committed on six mortgages, totaling 513 for roughly five years at 3.4% interest. Keep in mind, we have no unsecured senior notes or consolidated secured debt maturing for the remainder of this year and little for 2019. Net debt to NOI was 5.5 times. Our coverage was 5 times. Only 6% of our total variable -- of our debt is variable. Our liquidity is more than $7 billion. And during the quarter, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for $228 million. We announced our dividend of a $1.95 per share for the quarter, a year-over-year increase of 11.4%. Were increasing our FFO guidance from $11.95 to $12.05 per share. This represents approximately 6.5% to 7.5% growth compared to reported FFO of $11.21 per share for 2017. To conclude, strong start to the year. We expect to generate $1.5 billion in excess cash flow, which will allow us to fund our new development, redevelopment, execute on our share repurchase authorization or decrease our leverage, which is already significantly below our peer group. We welcome and encourage your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Steve Sakwa: Hi. Just a couple of quick things here. So, it looks like a lot of the operating metrics have pointed up in the right direction, leasing spreads improving, sales improving. I know occupancy can bounce around and there has been some store closures and a few bankruptcies, but I also know that some of the new developments that are brought on line tend to kind of pull that number down. So, I was wondering if you or Rick could just first share, how much of the 100 basis-point occupancy decline was maybe development related and then, how much of it was natural store closings or bankruptcies.
David Simon: Well, I would say, over the majority is related to bankruptcies. And remember, Steve, we are very focused on putting the right tenant in the right space. And when a -- were at the mercy of bankruptcy court. So, the reality is, you file Chapter 11, you can reject the lease at any time, and as you know, the build-out and getting the space leased takes some time. We do expect that we will get back to where we were last year, maybe a little bit better. But again, that will depend upon if there are a little bit more bankruptcies or not. So, its pretty much what we expected. Remember, as we gave guidance, we thought we would get back to where we are. Were processing the bankruptcies. And then, I would say, I dont know, 20, 30 basis points are probably just the new space that weve added on, so in that range of 70-30, somewhere in that range.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, great. Thats helpful. Secondly, its a little more of a housekeeping item. But, we noticed on the other income that you had a large jump in interest dividend and distribution income. I think, the lease settlement income sort of speaks for itself. But, can you just provide any color on what the large jump was in the quarter and is that recurring or is that just a one-time number.
David Simon: It is recurring. Its just we dont know when it recurs. So, that is basically the distribution we get from our interest in value retail. And so, it does manifest itself. Just so you know, I know a little bit about accounting. So, we cost account for that. We do not equity account. And so, when you cost account, you basically only record cash. That happens to be a cash distribution. And it does happen. Its happened every year for the last several years. It is lumpy. And thats what it was from. Weve put that in that line item because its technically a distribution. Now, thats a function of -- its cash flow, refinancing activity, I mean, it all goes into a pot there. But, we cost account for that. And then, we only book it when we receive the actual cash.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. And then, just last for me, just share repurchase. I know you didnt do anything in the fourth quarter, but you obviously took advantage in the first quarter. How should we just think about your buyback activity over the course of the year?
David Simon: I think, its going to continue at these levels. We are -- if you look at our balance sheet, you look at very little exposure to potential rising rates, the underperformance of our stock price, the kind of the mood is getting better, retail demand increasing. Markets now recognizing it, why not buy stock back. So, I think, we will continue that. I think, just like anything else, like we typically do, we will be cautious about it. But, its certainly in our plans.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Christy McElroy of Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, David. Its Michael Bilerman here with Christy. Two questions. The first, in your shareholders letter, you talked about the fifth platform being focused on the consumer. And I was wondering if you can delve a little bit deeper into the resources that youre committing to that. How youre going to measure success? How much capital you want to put forth that Im not sure if youre thinking grander of like what Westfield did with Westfield Labs and OneMarket. And I know, theres a lot of different things that youve done, whether its a Snapchat the Family app, the Facebook, Happy Returns, all these things that youre trying to get together with the consumer but you can delve a little bit deeper into how you envision that going forward?
David Simon: Well, at this point, given whats going on, I really dont have a lot for sure, other than were dedicating resources and efforts to it. I hope to have something to talk to the market about later in the year. I wouldnt compare it to whatever its called one labs, Westfield Labs, Im not sure what thats all about. Were actually working on this right now. We think about it all the time. We are a retail real estate company. But, we have the flexibility to think about other investments and other ways that technology can improve our consumer experience without jeopardizing basically the core business. And thats a huge focus for the Company. As you know, our -- even though Tom wanted me to take it out of my letter, I did hit to the market kind of what are marketing connection to the consumer brings every year; its in the letter. Thank you for reading the letter, first of all. And I mean, its real money. You capitalize it. Its a real business, depending on how you want to capitalize that. I think, we have this huge connection to the consumer, 100 million consumers, 2 billion visits a year. So, a lots going on there. But, Im not really ready to get granular with you but I hope to do it by the end of this year.
Michael Bilerman: But, is that something that you feel like you want to go and acquire something or is it all being built and investing in-house?
David Simon: Right now, were building but I wouldnt rule out strategic investment at all. We just -- right now, its tough for us to make any investment. So, you look at how those values are compared to our values. But there are -- we have a tremendous amount of optionality on how to continue to grow our business because of the position that were in. So, well continue to look at everything under the hood. As you know, we make investments through our venture group. There could be larger; weve tended to make those kind of relatively small investments, but there could be larger investments. Were building something right now that I think will be very interesting. And thats the thing that Im referring to that I hope to -- they view by at least by the end of this year, but as you know, when youre building something, its always a little -- its not quite like building a mall but there a lot of analogies to it.
Christy McElroy: Hey, David. Its Christy here, just a quick one for me. It seems like the property expense recovery rate was down in the quarter from recent trends. Just wondering if there was anything onetime in there and how we should be thinking about the property level expenses going forward.
David Simon: Not really. First quarter had no -- had utility expenses, there were -- it was a little bit -- we had a little bit of spike up in those. Were also adding some properties to it, so that those numbers tend to go, but basically, our utility expenses and snow expenses. As you know, the spring is not sprung yet. Maybe its springing right now as we speak. So its really more of that. I wouldnt read anything else into that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Rich Hill: Hey. Good morning, David. Maybe a quick question for you. One of the things that we were looking at was maybe a little bit of increase in the month to month leases. It looks like they increased to around 3.5 million square feet versus around 1.6 million square feet. I recognize thats still small overall. But, Id be curious if you could give us any color as to whether thats timing related, the change in strategy. How youre thinking about that?
David Simon: When you get bankrupt space back, you wait for the right tenant. Its really just typically part of our strategy here that we are looking at the regional local markets a little bit more in detail. So, we tend to do those a little bit shorter-term sometimes. But, its really just a function of us recycling our portfolio through. Now, remember, in our occupancy, we only include leases that are over a year. So, the 94.6 just concludes; that doesnt include like short-term leasing that is just three, six months. But, all of that is about a year.
Rick Sokolov: The only thing I would add is that were maximizing our revenue. So, we go out of our way and try and make sure that we have as much space occupied for as long as we can. And were also able to incubate tenants out of that program. We got a number of tenants that have started with us temporary tenants which in fact end up going longer term leases because they find they can make money and like the experience.
Rich Hill: And can you remind me, maybe going back to Christys comment here a little bit. Do those month-to-month leases pay reimbursements or is it just like typical lease 
David Simon: Yes. And remember, a lot of those month to months are leases that we havent finalized the negotiation with. So, we tend to take a big retailer. Okay? Maybe theyre headquartered in San Francisco, and I wont name names. Believe it or not, just because of the two organizations back and forth, we may not have those leases negotiated completely. So, they are not going to leave and then come back. So, those tend to go month-to-month. And what youre looking at in the 8-K is essentially that backlog. So, you need to differentiate between short-term leasing and month-to-month. Month-to-month is basically our total book of business that we have many national retailers in 18 that are done. And those tend to be done throughout 18. Even though we try to get them all done, we may have a strategy not to get them all done for all sorts of reasons. So, I think you need to separate those two out. Those month-to-month are primarily national retailers that have just not been finalized and they go. And remember a lot of our leases expire at January 31. So, a lot of reasons dont get -- believe it or not, dont get done until May and June. And dont ask me but thats been year after year after year. So, I hope you understand the difference.
Rich Hill: No, I believe.
David Simon: Let me repeat. So, you see in the 8-K is mostly vast majority of national tenants that we have finalized our deals, they automatically go to month-to-month, in our 94.6 only leases that are a year older in that number.
Operator: Thank you our next question is from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. We see that youre continuing to ramp up your densification pipeline. I was just wondering, as you look out your portfolio, how many projects you think you could be pursuing a densification effort on? It seems primarily hotels have been your densification effort of choice. Do you see more office and resi efforts as you densify? 
David Simon: Yes. I would say to you that just off the top of my head, we have at least 20 major projects, one of which is under construction. Now, we have to move the fire station at Phipps. But Phipps is a great example where were building a hotel with Nobu and a restaurant and an office building. There is no residential there. But as you know, we already built residential in our development there. But, we have a lot of residential. So, like -- and Craig you know the portfolio. So, Stoneridge and the East Bay, significant amount of resi will be part of the Sears redevelopment; same thing with Brea in Orange County. So, I wouldnt say its mostly hotel. The reality is I think, youll see more and more resi built. And just a gross number, at least 20 but were building a hotel and Sawgrass. I mean, its all over the board, its something that were excited about, and its something that were dedicating more obviously capital, but also human resources toward.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then, regarding Bon-Ton, maybe you could share some of your future plans for the repurposing efforts of those department stores.
David Simon: Ill let Rick speak, other than Bon-Ton is a nonmaterial event for us. Weve already got users identified. Again, we dont own all of the real estate. So, some of it will be out of our hands, at least for some period of time. But Rick, you can add to that.
David Simon: We basically have already identified users for virtually every one of the stores. And as David said, there are some that we own that were moving aggressively on right now; there are some that Bon-Ton owns, some that are third-party owned. But, we have users. They have said yes, lets make finalize economics. And we would hope to have information about that later in the year. The stores arent going to even come back till third quarter while they finish their process.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler ONeill. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Just two just questions from us. First, David, in your opening comments, you referenced internet returns and how you make sure that the tenants arent understating their sales. Could you just expand on that? As far -- it sounds like you guys get a full detailed P&L and somehow youre able to double check to make sure that the retailers, the tenants are leaving off anything to further understate. But, maybe you could just elaborate a little bit more on that.
David Simon: Well, there is not much to elaborate other than we actually dont get P&Ls, we get -- we have audit rights. And in our normal procedure, we saw some anomalies about sales. And as weve gone through our audit rights despite the retailer has audit rights on us in some cases. Now, if you go back historically, it used to be all these CAM audits. But, since we all went to fix CAM, thats less of an issue. We found out that there -- whats fascinating to me about the internet and its never really discussed is everyone talks about the internets gross sales, they never talk about the net sales. And I think by and large, bricks and mortar are -- because as you know apparel 30% to 40% returns and I think most of those returns are occurring in a lot of cases in the physical world, which is good for the retailers because maybe they are giving them credits or maybe they exchange it. But, weve just found that were getting dinged by the internet return when fact they are not allowed to because the reality is the only thing they are allowed to offset in terms of sales is returns from the store. And in many cases, we limit the total returns they are allowed to net against us. So, this is an issue. I mean I dont want to make a big deal about it. But, when the market is fascinated by sales per square foot, we just think we need to tell you the other side of the story. What happens here and how it gets dealt with is anybodys guess. Its surely part of our lease negotiation, but we just want to tell the market, we are giving you our reported sales and they are less than whats going on in that market because of the internet sales returns. And I cant quantify it but I do think I wouldnt tell you if they werent material out that. Hows that?
Alexander Goldfarb: Thats what I figured. The second question is, part of your redevelopment that you guys have been doing has also been upgrading the food courts, which I dont think usually get much attention. So, whether its like Woodbury or Westchester, certainly its pretty dramatic from what it was. But, as far as measuring return, like its to say, hey, at a restaurant, we drive this much more NOI, this much traffic, you add new retailers, new hotel, you can judge that. How do you -- are the food courts really dramatically increasing sales in NOI or these are more just, hey, you got to upgrade it, make it look good, its probably got the same sales that it was doing before. But if were going to do with the center, we have to. So, is this more defensive spend or are you actually getting a good return when youre doing those?
David Simon: Look, I think its all. Its offense; its defense. The reality is, those numbers are all in our numbers, so, however you want to look at it. I dont think its that critical to say its offense or defense. When we do make an investment in our food hall operations, that cost and that income that we get is all in the numbers that Tom provides in his 8-K. And just remember, and we dont talk about this, weve been thinking about it, Ive been think about it. The 8-K we have here is just the approved projects, ready to go that we -- our own capital committees approved. It does not include our soon to be approved deals like a Phipps or all of the Sears redevelopment that we have to deal with at the end of year. And thats basically -- its more than a shadow pipeline but it is significant amount of investment that we think well get accretive returns on. But, I would just say that simply, yes, its both; its offense, its defense. The cost and the income from that is certainly in our numbers. And the world wants newness, healthy food, community place to hang out, all of the stuff thats really good. Theres a lot of great operators. We need to do more and more of it. Were excited about it. Our peers have done it. Theyve done a nice job with it. And I think it will continue to continue to move forward. Now, on some cases, we may take it out because the reality is, theres a better use for it. And each -- the thing about real estate is gather these trends, but the reality is its got -- it boils down to the location, demographics, and all that stuff that makes real estate unique.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: This is Ki Bin. So, David, for a couple quarters, youve mentioned that you think the retail demand or environment is getting better. So, what is it that youve seen or you see it every day that thats not parent in the supplemental snapshot every quarter?
David Simon: Well, we talk to our sales folks and they tell us demands picking up. Now, leases take time. Bankruptcies dont take any time. Okay? So, they have a lease, they reject it. And then, we dont know if they are going to reject it or not; theres lots of games of chicken. But, weve got one of the best leasing groups in the country. In the world, I look them in the eye; they tell me their demand is picking up. So, I talk to retailers, Rick talks to retailers. I mean, obviously, results are historical. Theyre not future expectations. We feel better about the business than in 17. We gave your judgment that bankruptcies would be less than 18. So, far were right. Were not perfect in our estimates and judgments, but weve been doing this a long time. And the guy that overseas leasing generally tells me green shoots. I dont know. Sometimes I wonder whether -- but John and Ive been working together a long time. I believe his judgment. Rick, you can comment on this. What do you think?
Rick Sokolov: Interestingly, we have meetings every week with tenants where were in their offices and they are coming in the Indianapolis and were going over the portfolio. And that optimism is being generated out of those meetings where we are exposing opportunities to them. And where last year they would have said, we exposed 20 and they were interested in three and now they are interested in 12. So, there is definitely a more optimistic view; they more capital to spend and they are more focused on new opportunities than they were last year and thats because of our optimism.
Ki Bin Kim: Thats helpful. Is that just broad-based or is there a certain segment, its a new type of tenants, is it the old guard? Just curious, how that looks like?
David Simon: Its a combination. I mean, look at -- each company is different, but look at just from the gap look at Old Navy. They are growing the Old Navy business. Now, maybe they werent two or three years ago. Obviously, the great thing about whats been going on in our industry is there are more and more entrepreneurs in the food and obviously in the retail front. You dont have to know -- I know, Rick -- this is usually where Rick updates his list. Lets move to call along and well avoid it. But, hes happy to give it to you. There are more folks. I mean, our new business group is doing new and new deals, new ideas. Our business always recycles itself; its done it for so long. Our product has been around for 70 years. And despite -- and I dont want to blame -- I dont want to like being negative on the media. But, the media wants this one narrative, but its just not reality. And look at our numbers, okay? Were going to make $4 billion this year. Okay? And thats -- yes, I mean, its not perfect. Id love for everybody -- Id like not to have a slight decrease in occupancy and this, that and the other. But, its -- were in good shape. And I think the business generally is getting a little bit firmer. But, and again, and I go back and Tom might know it, but I wrote an article, my shareholder letter in 15 and I told you my concern about the leverage going into the system on retails. And the two big bankruptcies this year had basically -- Claires had nothing to do with its operation. Its all about too much leverage. And Toys R Us, it was about the fact that it was so levered to begin with that they could never invest in the product, whether thats online or in the stores or anything, and the natural media narrative as well as the mall, well, its not. Look at -- peel the onion, figure it out. And Tom, when did I write that in my letter, 15? Nobody reads my letter, but the reality is I told you about it in 15. So, thats where we try to explain it to you methodically. We show it, we back it up with our numbers. And every retail is different. But the reality is we just feel a little bit better than -- now easier you feel better when you dont have all these bankruptcies. But were going to have some more. And no, Im not going to tell you which ones. And yes, some of it are because of operations or not -- the life has passed them by. But thats been going on in our business forever. Traffic is up, sales up, demand is up, and our numbers are catching up.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeremy Metz of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: I just want to continue on your comments about getting better and retailer demand increasing. Im wondering what youre seeing from your tenants in terms of reinvesting in their existing stores. Are you seeing encouraging activity here relative to maybe a year ago?
Rick Sokolov: I think, our tenants that are now recognized being that they are only going to and be able to increase their share by giving the consumer a better environment. And Dave has been taking about that for the last quarters, asking our retailers to invest in the store. And were seeing that more now. And that is in fact encouraging. One of the things that were very focused on is right sizing our tenants. So, where we have a tenant that we believe is got too much space, we will work with them and reallocate that space, get them to a smaller store, its more productive, we make money and we get back more space that we can lease to another productive tenant. And thats just like manufacturing new space without having to build it. And so, were very focused on that. And the tenants are now more implying to work with us than they were in the last year or so.
Jeremy Metz: Great, I appreciate that. And then, just switching gears in terms of those Sears boxes, the five redevelopments you recently announced the plans for, you mentioned earlier that those construction spend numbers arent in the pipeline yet. But, given it sounds like those can be some pretty significant projects here, adding additional uses, the hotels, office, resi. Just wondering if you can give us any sort of sense of how much capital those five could total here.
David Simon: Well, let me answer it this way. Weve made a deal with Sears to control 12 boxes. And when I say Sears, I should also mention Seritage. Our total investment in that -- now some of these are not this year, the five are this year because were getting those back this year. But, the 12 in total is about $1.2 billion and that will flex little bit up and down. So, you should look at the total amount as opposed to the five. But, youll see the five start coming into our 8-K. But, I would I say to you that you look at the 12 and its about $1.2 billion altogether.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows: I guess, also just on those densification projects, in the supplement, and I know another example is Northgate Mall outside of Seattle, which was in the news. That one mentioned it could have housing and offices but reduced square footage of retail. So, just wondering to what extent the project youre doing could involve a reduction of retail square footage so that even though the end result might be or should be an increase in NOI that there could be some decline in between?
David Simon: Yes. There is no question that that will have a reduction in retail space. Because remember, we have Penny, Macys, Nordstrom, and its a tight size, but its a great piece of real estate. And ultimately, it will be a residential, office and still retail. But, Id say, roughly retail would be cut in half, more or less, in that range. Obviously, this is a process over time. Weve got to go through the approval process, but the retail there will be dramatically reduced.
Caitlin Burrows: I guess, when you think about the densification projects overall, is that normally the case, or more often is it like on a parking lot on the side that wouldnt end up impacting the retail portion?
David Simon: Well, look, I think a lot of this is happening with our Sears stuff. So, if you consider Sears a retailer, in theory, its taking that out. I mean all the 12 -- now, in a lot of cases were just changing the mix, but itll still be retail. So, I would say to you, a lot of it is reducing the department store, not so much the small shops, but really reducing the department store square footage and not the small shop. So, the income opportunity is really enhanced because as you know, either they pay very little rent or to buy the box on an accretive basis because getting small shop kind of rents or were having mixed-use development. So, in a lot of cases, the retail will be reduced in total, but itll be mostly department store reduction as opposed to what you and I would consider small shops.
Rick Sokolov: And I would tell you that a great example of that focusing not just on the box, the land at King of Prussia, the Penny store is going to be demolished. That gives us 17 acres of land adjacent to King of Prussia mall and that is going to be a significant mixed-use project with hotel, office, residential, restaurants, retail, and amenities. And so, thats a major opportunity for us to substantially upgrade what is already one of the best properties in the United States.
Caitlin Burrows: And then, just last one using Northgate or on this topic but just using Northgate as example, is the reason thats not listed yet just because the decision-making process is pretty early stage?
David Simon: Its early. Listen, the critical path theres approvals. And then, once the approvals come, well start to build. So, its a -- Seattle is obviously a great market and a great city. And this is a great piece of real estate. The new metro line is -- it basically comes off in our parking lot. But its a multiyear process. I think, the most exciting that weve got that the market could focus on, if they want say okay, what are you doing now would be Phipps. I mean, Phippss Belk leaves August of this year. We demolish the store. Its a little complicated because we got to demolish the party and then go up. But thats going to happen. Thats basically -- we have this odd process here. I mean, its basically -- theyre finalizing all the numbers. But that will show up in either next quarter, closely thereafter. But its for all intents and purposes a go deal. And its roughly, if I remember right around, 350 million bucks. And itll be accretive. And it is going to make that real estate just tremendous, fantastic. The only thing that could flex there is the office. But we think a brand new building there in that area with that parking and those amenities will be exciting. And we will be doing a new food hall there as along with the Life Time Work and Fitness and Sport, Nobu hotel restaurant. Thats going to be the one you can say, well, this is great, you guys talk about this all but this is actually happening. Northgates a year or so process. But the other big ones to look for are Brea, Stoneridge and obviously KoP. I mean, those are the big, what I say to you are the big four that are all going to be programmed in here in the next year or so.
Caitlin Burrows: And then, just switching topics, the income and other taxes line item was historically an expense last year and the first quarter was positive, I think due to a loss from Aero this year, back to an expense. Just wondering if you could go through the impact Aeropostale had to your earnings this quarter and the outlook for that investment.
David Simon: Well, last year -- I mean, this is the good news and the bad news. Last year -- as you know, the first quarter of retail operation usually loses, yes we had the tax benefit of that; this year, because of the lower tax and the operations are better, we had less of the tax benefit. And thats really what it manifests itself. I think, Aero business generally is, theyre doing what theyre supposed to do. So, thats a business that with a little elbow grease a less worry about comp sales and all this other stuff. I think were going to -- our operating business will -- should have an EBITDA -- and again, we only own 49%, but should have an EBITDA, I dont know o $35 million. And we bought it basically one times EBITDA. So, I dont know, people criticize me for it. But, somehow its working out. And as you know, theyre going to take on the Nautica operations. We think thats another unique thing that can be done, the profitability of the Aero operating company. And then, our partner besides General Growth, Authentic Brands Group, continues to do an excellent job. And the brand development of both Aero and then ultimately all their brands, as well as Nautica, which we expect to close here in the next 30 days. So, its okay. We have a decent story to tell in our retail investments so far. So, its okay. Its good.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Nick Yulico of UBS. Your line is now open.
Nick Yulico: Good morning, everyone. Looking at the increase in tenant sale per square foot trying to figure out how much is attributed to turning out in weaker tenants from the portfolio versus sales growth. And so, could we get some perspective on what is the average sales per square foot for tenants that have thrown out of the portfolio through bankruptcy in the quarter and in the last year?
David Simon: We dont have those numbers there. But we have such huge portfolio we lost 1 million square feet in bankruptcies. Our small shops are 65 million. So, no matter how you want to do that Nick, its not going to be material. Okay? You can make up a number and do it yourself and you will see thats not material. 65 million square feet is still 65 million square feet.
Nick Yulico: And then, on the development page, recognizing these numbers can fluctuate. But, the expected return is now 8%, it was 9% last quarter. Whats driving that? Is it tougher construction costs or some change in product mix, location?
David Simon: Things come in, things go out; we round it. So, there is some rounding up and rounding down, but nothing out of the ordinary mix change. Thats it.
Operator: Thank you our next question is from Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Vincent Chao: I just want to go back to the Aeropostale conversation little bit. Obviously, youve done a good job stabilizing it on a big basis. But I am just curious there were some special circumstances when you bought that. I guess, whats the longer term plan there? It seems like not something you would necessarily keep long-term but just curious how youre thinking about the long-term for that investment?
David Simon: Well, again, its a -- its a small investment. We have basically less than $30 million in it. So, obviously, its a very good investment. It does -- we bought it really, really fortunately. The team has done very good job. But again, our investment in this is basically $30 million. So, its not like I obsess with. I do obsess with making sure the operations continue to move forward in the positive manner, which they have been. But, its not -- for $30 million, I am not going to -- its not like oh God, we got to do something with Aero. But I am open to any of your idea that youd like.
Vincent Chao: Leverage buyout, okay?
David Simon: Thats the one thing well not do. Okay.
Vincent Chao: I guess, just another question maybe something you are obsessed a little bit more, just the big progress that you mentioned that are going to come into the pipeline. You saw the share of your net cost there -- the reporting numbers go up for the first time in a little while. I guess, after these are all in there, I guess, or maybe by the end of the year, what do you think the pipeline will be? Is it going to be over 1.5 billion at that point, just given some of the things that have been brought on? And then from a delivery perspective, is that more of a 2020 kind of NOI uplift?
David Simon: Well, what I would say to you is the stuff that were working on now, again, part of the timing is -- the great thing about us is were not long development. So, we can turn it on and turn it off, just like our balance sheet. But, I would say to you the stuff thats in the pipeline now is over $4 billion. And I would call that more than a shadow pipeline, Id call the real pipeline. The difficulty in answering your question, which is not that its not an appropriate question, its just that its hard to tell you exactly when that will come on line. But, I would say to you, as Tom has described, its going to be about a 1 billion plus a year. I still feel like thats the right number, because weve got this $4 billion pipe that I see and I can identify clearly whether its 2 billion one year, 1 billion another year, kind of its -- thats harder to -- because a lot of these are little bit out of our control and that you just have to go through the approval process. But the real stuff is $4 billion. And all thats like in works now. And so thats why I still think that 1 billion plus a year is probably a pretty good number because itll take three, four years to get all basically done. And then, well add to that as well because obviously even though we have 12 Sears stores, thats not -- there is going to be more. Thats not the end.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Mueller of JP Morgan. Your line is open. 
Michael Mueller: I appreciate the color on the development pipeline. I guess, the one question I have left is this first quarter lease term, how much of that was contemplated in guidance? And is there anything else material that you expect in the balance of the year.
David Simon: Yes. It was all pretty much in our initial guidance because it was unique situation that was -- that we had anticipated that was going to be resolved.
Michael Mueller: And for the balance of the year, anything else material in there?
David Simon: On lease term, not really. And again, I just -- its always been part of our business, its an okay part of our business. Because if you can get the present value of lease obligation and then you get the space back, its not too shabby as my hero would say. But, I dont sense that theres anything really thats going to be that extraordinary. And again, remember, Michael, its not in our comp NOI.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Floris van Dijkum of Boenning. Your line is open.
Floris van Dijkum: Question on -- David, youve built a reputation as being a pretty astute capital allocator. And as you look at the various platforms that youre allocating capital to, whether youre your U.S. mall business, your outlet business or your international business or for that matter, buying back your own stock, can you maybe talk about the attractiveness, as you sit right now, for each of those uses of capital? Clearly you continue to invest and plow money back into your U.S. mall portfolio, but maybe if you can talk about relative attractiveness, particularly regarding your stock as well.
David Simon: Well, I mean, right now, its basically 12 times. Its highly attractive. And the only hypothetical constrain in that is that we just think having -- its never really manifested itself in our multiples. The optionality of having this powerful balance sheet is something that I never want to get rid of. So, we could buy a ton of stock back but we always are going to be conservative on that front only because we want this powerful balance sheet for optionality reasons, optionality to do something external, optionality to weather any storm, make additional investments, make our properties better and never. And so, were never going -- remember, Rick and I workout dudes. Okay? Rick, I mean, when I got back to the real estate business in 1990, I spent from 90, to 93 doing workouts; Rick did it as well, right, Rick?
Rick Sokolov: Yes.
David Simon: So, Andy is here, he is conservative. So, thats -- well never jeopardize the balance sheet. Now, I dont think we get rewarded for it as much as we probably should. But thats fine. It is what it is. I dont think the rating agencies appreciated it as much as they should. But thats fine. It is what it is. And so for us -- I just think, were never going to be wildly aggressive on buying our stock back just because we want that ultimate flexibility. But the priorities are well continue to buy stock back, the biggest priority we have obviously is were really excited about all this mixed use stuff that were doing and some of these big projects. Thats going to be the future of a lot of investment and growth. And then, we may take the Company in the different direction. Michael Bilerman mentioned the consumer. I mean, I wouldnt rule out some interesting things from us down the road, because I think -- I just think we have the ability to do stuff like that that we should rule out. So, I hope that answers your question. And thankfully, we have a $1.5 billion cash flow after dividend that we can put back into the business. And were not over our skis. So, if we end up in a really tough recessionary environment, were not going to -- and I wrote this in my letter. We are not -- again, we are not going to -- the development community historically leverage-leverage, increase rates of return, blah, blah, blah. We are never going to push that to the limit even though it makes your return on investment that much better and all the other metrics associated with it. Its just not who we are. So, I mean, I -- its a long winded answer. But, I mean -- so, well continue to kind of -- what were doing I think right now is what well continue to do. But, I want the option that if obviously if it gets different, I am going to step one thing up or decrease one thing up. That allows us. We have the optionality to do that.
Floris van Dijkum: One other question, David, Id love to get your color on what you think the Unibail entry into the U.S. by Westfield means for the global retail dynamics and also for the U.S. mall dynamics?
David Simon: Well, first of all I would say, one or two points. One is, people that are looking for a mark on values, its a very, very healthy mark; and two is operationally, I dont see -- well wait to see. I mean, Ill reserve judgment there but I dont see a big significant change. I mean Westfield did a good job before. I am sure theyll do a good job after. But, I think the most important thing is that there is a very healthy mark-out there if you are interested in those marks. I think from our standpoint, we will little to no impact.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Linda Tsai of Barclays. Your line is open.
Linda Tsai: Do you have any comments on 1Q traffic across the different property types? What kind of uptick are you seeing, given improve trends coming out of the better holiday season?
David Simon: Id say, generally, it was -- I mean, wasnt like up 5%, it was up around 1 across the board and it didnt really matter if there were outlets or malls; it was kind of across the board. The outlets tend to get a little bit more to hit because of the weather. But, even though -- even they were up.
Linda Tsai: Are you seeing tourism come back to the outlet?
David Simon: Yes, we are, even though its not as robust as it has been. It continues to move. Outlet sales were really, really nice in the first quarter. So, a lot more retailers are doing better. So, we were very pleased generally with the outlet results.
Linda Tsai: Great. And then, can you offer some insights on Klpierre walking away from its bid of Hammerson. What might have been the thinking behind that?
David Simon: Well, its really -- even though lots of discussion on this. Klpierre, theres a supervisor board and executive board. Were on the supervisory board but the executive Board really runs the company and makes those decisions. So, its really more important to hear from them. That was a Klpierre led efforts in transaction. Obviously, they didnt do it without the supervisory board giving them the green light to do yes or no. But its really thats question is really much better directed toward them.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Christy McElroy of Citi. Your line is now open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey. David, its Michael Bilerman with two quick follow-ups. Is there anything with all the things going on with all of your competitors, whether it is the Westfield-Unibail merger, the GGP-Brookfield deal, clearly youve had management changes that may assert in financial activism, the activism [indiscernible]. Does this allow Simon at all to take advantage of all those things going on for shareholders at all, in terms of just operations and dealing with things and there is just more on uncertainty at all your competitors, not from an M&A perspective.
David Simon: I dont think so. I mean, I think they are all running their business I think very effectively. So, I dont see that at all. They all have the good -- the ones you mentioned all have good properties, good management teams. I would imagine all of thats business as usual, regardless of whatever corporate activities going on. So, I dont think so.
Michael Bilerman: Youre not hearing that from me retailers that just may like loves drama going on in C suite or corporate at all?
David Simon: Not at all.
Michael Bilerman: And then just going back to this whole thing there, returns and the leases and youre comment about the CAM audits and the movement towards fixed CAM and how that changed. Is there any change in the way youre doing new lease agreements to address this for you to make sure that youre getting your fair share, percentage rents and the right rent at the end of the day for a space?
David Simon: Well, I mean thats a really good question and its a big question. And every retailer is different. Its just - -I mean, believe it or not Rick, me, John Rulli and his team, I mean were -- every retail is different. Were very focused on it. Theres not a standard response yet, but its -- it needs to be addressed in the future leases. Because we all -- we dont mind internet sales. I mean, because we do think theres a lot of returns associated with it. We obviously want those returns in the store because that facilitates a trip and it helps the retailer. And its all just a function of making sure its appropriately dealt with. So, its not -- its not an adversarial scenario but it just needs to be appropriately addressed. And were in the midst of trying to figure out whats the right approach. And unfortunately, theres not a cookie-cutter answer because every retailer does a little bit different. But its not -- we want the returns in the store. We want the trip in the store. But it -- as you know, I have been like, dont worry too much about sales and Ive been too prudent [ph] on that. And I understand why the market doesnt like my view of that. But the reality, its becoming even -- theres even a bigger gap on the focus on this because theres more -- certainly more business being done online but that also means more returns. And the consumer likes to do the returns in the store. And the reality is this whole green effort, we wrote a white paper three-four years ago about the fact that we all want higher levels of sustainability from an energy point of view. And the reality is the internet and the constant packaging and the constant state of returns is really a lot less green than doing your trip in total. So, theres a lot of stuff on this but I dont want to bore you. But point is, I dont have a good answer for you yet other than were working cooperatively with our clients to find out what the right answer is. And its not a fair share thing, its just -- as long as we have to report that number, I want -- we need to somehow -- the market needs to understand theres this issue thats out there.
Michael Bilerman: And I wanted to congratulate Andy on his retirement, next to go out with a $30 billion balance sheet at under 3.5% rate with a seven-year average maturity, certainly calling it probably the peak from that perspective. But, is there any comments in terms of CFO process? What youre go through internal versus external and how you think thats going to be, timing wise?
David Simon: So, first of all, Andy, well say goodbye to Andy, not till the end of this year. But, Andy has done a fantastic job as we all know. And when I wrote the comments about his retirement, I really, really meant them and not that I dont mean what I write. But the fact of the matter is that I felt a -- in my heart how I felt about Andy. Hes done a tremendous job. He has done such a good job that there is no financing that we need to do. Okay? So, thats kind of ironic, right? So this is a CFO thats done such a great job, the reality is theres nothing to do. Im kidding. There is always something to do. But currently, the simple answer is, we -- looking more internally. We have some really good internal candidates. And Im thinking more of that as opposed to external. But, I havent put a pin in it yet. But Andys done a unbelievable job with the balance sheet. He and I have worked together 25 years. Hes got the best relationships in the industry, banking industry. And we will certainly miss him but the reality is hes done such a good job, there is nothing to do.
David Simon: 16 billion in the last three years, plus to revolvers that you got a great internal group that can step up into your commence, we always set a great infrastructure here with very, very strong candidate and the team environment in the finance department.
Andy Juster: $16 billion in the last three years, plus two revolvers. But, youve got a great internal group that can step up in an years time. Weve always had a great infrastructure here with very, very candidates. And its a team environment in the finance department.
David Simon: So, the answer is Im thinking about it. Im getting closer and closer. But Andy is right, its a team effort. But, itll develop this year.
Christy McElroy: David, its Christy, just one more quick one for me. You suggested buybacks are likely to continue. To what extent are assumptions for additional buybacks from here contemplated in the current FFO guidance range?
David Simon: They really arent other than what weve already done.
Operator: And that concludes our Q&A session for today. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr.David Simon for any further remarks.
David Simon: All right. Thank you everyone. I appreciate your questions and your comments. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participating in todays conference. This does concludes todays program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Ward - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations David Simon - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Sokolov - President and Chief Operating Officer Andrew Juster - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jeffrey Spector - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies  Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities  Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Nicholas Yulico - UBS Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. Linda Tsai - Barclays Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Simon Property Group Q4 2017 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Ward, you may begin.
Thomas Ward: Thank you, Katrina. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Okay, good morning. We had strong results to wrap up a very good year. Our FFO for 2017 was $11.21 per share which includes a $0.36 charge for the early redemption of our senior notes. On a comparable basis full year FFO per share was $11.57 an increase of 6.4% year-over-year which without question will be at the high end of our peer group. To put our FFO per share in perspective, the $11.21 is more than $4 billion in total funds from operation which is the highest amount we've ever reported and the highest in the industry. Through active portfolio management, disciplined investments, relentless focus on leasing and property management operations, our annual FFO has increased almost $1 billion since we completed the spinoff of Washington Prime Group less than four years ago, yes $1 billion. We have achieved a compound annual FFO rate of 8% over the last three years and more than 12% over the last seven years. Our growth rate has outpaced the growth rate of all equity reached by more than 400 basis points over the last seven years and has been more than double the rate of earnings-per-share growth for the S&P 500 over the same time period. For the fourth quarter FFO per diluted share was $3.12 an increase of 7.2% year-over-year on a comparable basis and as a reminder our fourth quarter results were impacted by the closure of our two Puerto Rican centers due to continuing restoration efforts of those centers. We continue to report solid operating metrics and growth of cash flow. Our malls and premium outlets occupancy at the quarter ended at 95.6% an increase of 30 basis points compared to the occupancy at the end of the third quarter. Our ending occupancy was impacted by the bankruptcies processed during the year as well as some of the new space we added to the portfolio from our new development and expansion openings. Leasing activity remained solid and improving. Average base rent was $53.11 up approximately 3% compared to last year and the mall and outlet recorded leasing spreads of $7.42 an increase of 11.4%. Reported retail sales per square foot for our portfolio were $628 compared to $614, an increase of 2.3%. Total portfolio NOI increased 4.5% for the year or more than $265 million, and comp increased NOI increased 3.2% for the year 2.2% for the fourth quarter. On an the NOI weighted basis our operating metrics were as follows; retail sales - reported retail sales on an NOI weighted basis would be $779. Occupancy would be 96.3% and our average base minimum rent would be $68.97. We opened five new developments in '17 totaling 1.9 million square feet, which are promised to be really good additions to our portfolio. In the U.S. we opened Norfolk Premium Outlets; The Shops at Clearfork in Fort Worth, Texas. Internationally we opened Siheung Premium Outlets in South Korea; Genting Highlands Premium Outlets in Kuala Lumpur and Provence Designer Outlets in obviously Provence, France. Construction continues on two new outlets in Edmonton Canada and Denver, Colorado, used to be called the Intermountain region for the call and they'll open in the spring and fall of this year respectively. We've also started construction on two international outlet projects in Mexico and Malaga, Spain and both of these are expected to open in the fourth quarter this year. Transformational redevelopments and expansions at our marquee properties continue adding a total of 635,000 square feet including La Plaza Mall in place of a former Sears store. Other expansions include The Galleria in Houston the second phase of The Shops at Riverside Woodbury Commons, Allen Premium Outlets and Roermond Designer Outlet in the Netherlands. We will also complete major redevelopment expansion projects this year at some of our most productive properties including the Aventura Mall, the redevelopment at Town Center at Boca, and the Toronto Premium Outlets expansion. In addition we expect to begin construction this year on a number of transformational projects where we will replace department stores with significantly more productive uses at Phipps Plaza, King of Prussia and Southdale Center. As a reminder, we expect to fund these redevelopments and expansions and densification projects with our internally generated cash flow after our ever increasing dividend. Now, let me talk about the fourth quarter. We acquired and gained control of 12 Sears Stores in our portfolio. We acquired the 50% interest from Seritage in our JV of five Sears Stores and they are included Brea Mall, Burlington Mall, Midland Park Mall, Ocean County Mall, and Ross Park. As part of the transaction Sears announced these five stores will be closing in the next few months and we will begin redevelopment shortly thereafter. We have now acquired the right to terminate five leases, existing leases of Sears Stores at the following locations; Broadway Square, Cape Cod Mall, Northshore Mall, South Hills Village and Tacoma Mall and we also bought two Sears Stores at Stoneridge shopping Center and Wes Town Mall. Turning to the capital markets of course we were active continuing to lower our borrowing cost. We issued $2.7 billion of new senior notes with an average term of just under eight years 7.9 to be accurate at a weighted average coupon of 3.07% and retired $2.6 billion of senior notes saving 60 basis points. We amended and extended our $4 billion dollar revolving credit facility and lowering our pricing grid at the same time and towards in 2022. We completed 20 mortgages totaling 2.9 billion which our share is 1.8 at an average interest rate of 3.37% and the term is 6.7 years. Our liquidity ended the year at approximately $8 billion. We continue without question having the strongest credit profile in the REIT industry, in the entire world, we ended 2017 with a net debt to EBITDA of 5.5 times. Our interest coverage ratio was 5 times and we continue to have an A and A2 rating which we actually think is under valuing our credit. Our balance sheet is as strong as ever providing us with superior operating financial flexibility to continue to create long term value for our shareholders. And I reiterate this is a distinct advantage that continues to be overlooked by the market. Dividend, we paid a record dividend in 2017 of $17 or $7.15 per share and achieved a compound annual dividend growth rate of more than 11.5% over three years and more than 15% over the last seven years and today we announced our first quarter dividend of $1.95 per share for this quarter and year-over-year increase of 11.4%. Now turning to guidance and we're ready for your questions, our guidance range is $11.90 to $12.02 per share. This represents 6% to 7% growth rate compared to our 11.21 we reported. Our range is based on the following assumptions; portfolio, NOI growth about 3%. No planned acquisition or disposition activity. Interest rate and foreign exchange rates based on current consensus and a continued share count - diluted share count of approximately 350 million shares. We are now ready for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Caitlin Burrows: Good morning. Since 3Q earnings, we all know that M&A has been in the headlines for the industry and you didnt touch on it in the prepared remarks. So I was just wondering, well first, as far as we know you didnt put in a counter bid for Westfield and GGP, so I think your stock might be lower based on conversations we've had. But second, you said in the past that you're out of the big deal business and my question is more just around why, what's different now versus in the past when acquisitions like [indiscernible] DeBartolo and Prime made sense, is it that the math doesnt work out at current share price, could it work with more leverage, but you dont want to go there? Is it operation where you get less out of it than in the past? Just wondering what's different now versus in the past?
David Simon: Well, I means that's  I think I need a written, I need that listed in a written way that I answer all of them. Look, I think, here's what's ironic and funny about all this M&A activity. The market was dying to have a mark on a portfolio. Okay? Dying. Well, my God we dont know what the value of regional malls are. Unibail as you know has agreed to acquire Westfield and they did it at a very healthy evaluation and yet the market yawned on it. So I just find the whole thing ironic. We continue to be out of the big deal business. We're not involved in any of the activity there. And your best asking you know those participants how they feel about it. We've got a lot to do to continue to grow our company. Nobody has our growth, I mean high to sit back and think about we grew our FFO, we spun off by the way with WPG I think if I remember right about $200 million of FFO more or less. We made a billion two back and did not with a lot of M&A activity frankly. So we've got a lot to do. We don't need to do anything. I think all of this activity reinforces the strategy that we've had that I think scale in any and all industries is important. Our balance sheet is underappreciated. I think if you look at the Unibail Westfield transaction and compare their debt to EBITDA and compare to ours at 11.5 to 5.5 with the same ratings, you will see the amount of firepower that we have. But right now that firepower is on the sidelines and we're not involved in any of the activity. But anything that we do I'm pretty sure that will add value to including, you know including you know buying, remember when the market puked all over Rio [ph] Postell [ph] I am happy to tell you it had a record year OPCO [ph] did over $40 million of EBITDA. We bought it for 1 times cash flow and it's alive and kicking. So you know, whatever we do we're hoping to add value to and we wouldnt do a transaction including any redevelopment or development that wouldnt add value to, but the market's got it's mark and I think the market should be pleased that it's got its mark.
Caitlin Burrows: Thanks for that and I guess just on that topic of staying on the sidelines, I just want to hear your thoughts on does that mean though that Simon as the company is still in touch with discussions that are going on, deals that are occurring and it's a deliberate decision to stay in the headlines? I've heard some concern from others that by staying in the sidelines Simon might be missing out on some rare opportunities. So I just want to hear your take on how I'm assuming that's not actually the case?
David Simon: Well, again I say we're not active, but I can and that's activity, but I would venture to say we typically be, we're typically buyers when no one else is, and we're typically not buyers when everybody else is. And that's just the way it's been and that's why we have $12 projected this year of earnings which is way ahead of everybody. That's why we have the balance sheet that we had that's way ahead of everybody. And you know we're a little bit different than most. I hope you accept it and appreciate it.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it and then just one on a different topic if I could. You mentioned the firepower that you guys have in terms of your balance sheet. Just looking at your development pipeline, the portion that's in process now, it is down from last year and the year before. So I was just wondering what the outlook is to getting this up again? I know you mentioned a few upcoming transformational projects that would suggest that they werent yet in process as of the end of the year or is that the amounts that have been completed just haven't been able to be replenished?
David Simon: Well, look we - for whatever reason we don't put a  you know we dont  I dont know, the word fabricate is a bad word, but we dont put our shadow pipeline in numbers. What Tom does is show you what deals we've approved and basically are under construction. So as an example, the Sears transaction that I spoke about, none of that redevelopment activity is in that number, nor is Phipps, or is King of Prussia you know and I'll go down the list. So what we do is we tell you the truth. When we approve it and we're about to spend money on it and it's been approved by our appropriations committee, it goes into the 8-K and we spit it out to the market. We dont think we need to do a shadow pipeline because you know I don't know it's a waste of energy to try and do it. We have plenty to do and we'll be as aggressive as ever, but on the other hand one of the hallmarks of our company is our return on investment and return on equity, because without that you can't grow your earnings. And we are about growing our cash flow. Cash flow growth leads to dividend growth which ultimately or discounted cash flow model leads to more value in the company. Operating metrics do not. Okay? Operating metrics do not. What leads to valuation growth in my opinion and certainly in the real community there may not, may be not as a technology area, but is cash flow growth, return on investment, and you know, so I - so the long answer to your question is, we have a lot to do and a lot of these projects are in the process of being finalized in terms of scope, scale, pricing. And once we formally approve it, it feeds into our 8-K and you'll see that number go up.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it, thanks for that and yes I work hard. If you want know that I noticed that the rate of return did increase to 9% so that's great to see. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Spector: Good morning, it's Jeff Spector here with Craig.
David Simon: Hi guys.
Jeffrey Spector: Hi, good morning. Just a clarification on the guidance. I believe David, you said that portfolio NOI growth over 3%. Can you provide a little bit more detail on that? Is that  that's not same-store correct that you're just talking about the prior?
David Simon: That is not same-store, same-store the way we define it will be slightly less than that. We're trying not that I want to like name companies, I've already named one. It's probably not a good idea to keep doing it. But we want  you know we see what others do like Federal where you focus on the NOI growth. We're trying to get you know as our company gets bigger, you know the impact of the expansion and a new project becomes less and it's easier for us to describe it just in terms of our total portfolio NOI so we're trying to get folks to start thinking about like that like they do with federal and again I'm not criticizing great company. I'm jealous, much higher multiple, and it seems to like the way they do it and so we're focused on that. But it will be slightly less than the 3% based on our numbers today.
Jeffrey Spector: And can you provide any of the details behind that in terms of let's say occupancy expectation or?
David Simon: We are doing it exactly the way we did the last year and one year after. We do not provide leasing spread forecast. We do not provide the occupancy forecast. We've never done that Jeff and I have no real desire to do it. You know, again we can - we can - we can just be obsessed with metrics, I'm obsessed, we're continuing to grow our company, make our company better. I'm not obsessed with metrics and I think unfortunately you know we can - we can get into that the rabbit hole. But the reality is I'd encourage you to look at $12 compared to the peer group, look at our multiple, look at our dividend yield and then come up with your investment recommendations.
Jeffrey Spector: Okay thanks. I think Craig has a followup.
David Simon: Sure.
Craig Richard: I just want, great  I just wondered as the project is changing in some degrees that lets you go from 7% to 9% in the stabilized returns for the malls?
David Simon: There's always a mix change. We are excited. You know, and again Craig, we are - we are excited about, you know the redevelopment efforts that we've got on the drawing board, you know from Phipps to King of Prussia to the Sears transaction. So there's going to be, I can't tell you how excited we are to get, you know to get these spaces back, where the media likes to make it as the beginning of the end, we think it's the rebirth. Okay? And I can't tell you how excited we are to continue to do our - you know, our varied redevelopments. You know the biggest issue for us is just managing all the activity. It's not from an investment point of view. You know, again if you look at our business, people can grow their company if they increased their leverage. Right? Now technology companies, if you looked at their quarter-to-quarter increase in debt you'd be really surprised by how much you know maybe they are buying growth, we're actually trying to keep our balance sheet relatively flat because we know that there's a lot to do. So in that sense if you look at our net debt it's relatively flat year-over-year which is still kind of remarkable given that we've had all this activity.
Richard Sokolov: And Craig I would just say, you just followed our NOI has been increasing every quarter, projects roll off and new ones roll on. The beauty of our redevelopment positioning is that we are able to manufacture new redevelopment projects to continue to enable us to grow our cash flow.
Craig Richard: Great, and then just of the 12th that you have started did you gain control, how many will be under construction in '18?
David Simon: Well, that's hard to say. I mean we still have permitting to go through. So I  let's put it this way, all of these are well advanced in terms of plans and we're all through  we're going through the permitting process, but I would hope to begin a handful this year.
Craig Richard: Okay, great, thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. Good morning. I have three questions here. I guess first, what was the NOI weighted weakened spread compared to the 11.4% you reported? Second, can you kind of talk about 2018 store closure expectations versus what we saw last year? And then third, it's little bit more of a technical question, curious why the Edmonton Outlets are considered a Mills project on the supplemental as opposed to an Outlet project?
David Simon: Well, I'll try to take them in the reverse order. So it's basically, if you know [indiscernible] they basically own the Mills up in Toronto, Vaughan Mills. They built one in Vancouver, South Vancouver. And if you look at Edmonton it's really enclosed. It's got a lot of the big boxes and it's really more of a mills type of physical product than it is in outlet center where the outlet centers tend to be open air and village settings. So it's got  I dont know off the top of my head, but 12 to 13 boxes at least, you know similar to what we would have here in our mills and what they would have there up in their Canadian mills. So it really is - it's really a Mills project. Second is, you look  if I remember the numbers 90 and 2015 we lost 900 some odd thousand, 2016 we lost 300,000, 250 to 300, 000, 2017 we lost a million too. Right? Good numbers see? Okay, so my memory is still with me. And we  look, it's hard to predict, but I would think that it's going to be significantly less than 2017 and that's the good news. And the opportunity is look we  you know, it is much as you and I want it more than you want it, okay? So let's just be clear. I want it more than you want it for that lease have to occur when you lose a million two. You know, it does take time and if you miss the season, you know its a process. So and that's why to some extent our occupancy dropped in addition to some of our adding some new space that basically is over 2.5 million square feet in new space between the new centers and the expansions. So the reality is we got work to do to get our occupancy up. I expect that number to be down. And then on your final, the rent spread on the weighted is slightly less than that number, I dont have it at the top of my head which is I know surprises you, surprises me as well, but we can certainly work on that and get that to you.
Michael Mueller: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill. Your line is now open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Alexander Goldfarb: How are you?
David Simon: Good.
Alexander Goldfarb: And I guess I'm fired up. So two questions from me.
David Simon: Do you want me to be depressed, what do you want me to be Alex, talk to me, tell me how you want me to be?
Alexander Goldfarb: You are always in a good upbeat mood, so I'll leave it there. And I assume you're going to Minneapolis in a few days.
David Simon: Actually I'm not. I'm going to be watching my, no I am not going to be going to the Super Bowl.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, two questions David, the first one is on the tax cuts, the retailers themselves you know corporately are among the biggest beneficiaries on tax rate and yes there were north of 30% effective. So obviously you know they stand to benefit big time. We've seen wage increase, bonuses, what are you seeing from the retailers themselves as far as reinvestment in their stores, in their brands, in their platforms, and how do you think it plays out at your centers?
David Simon: Well, I'll let Rick answer, I'll just be very, less wordy. You know, in my prepared remarks I said improving. So I think the fourth quarter sales were improving. Not every retailer, I mean some retailers yes, no, I mean but generally improving. The mood is improving. And obviously the tax  given where retail started with the board or adjustment tax to where it ended up, you know, I think is good for the general retailers and I think they've all concluded. Thankfully you know, some are in a better position to do it and then others that reinvesting in their store is not such a bad idea. Rick, you can add to that.
Richard Sokolov: And we would obviously like to see them invest more because the physical atmosphere that we can provide in our stores is going to be very important. All three of our platforms were up year-over-year in sales. Happily we also found some firming in the tourism markets where several of the markets that had been down are now showing some strength, so that's helping as well and we are encouraged about the trends there.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay and then the second question is, David, between the impact on Puerto Rico and I'm not sure what you guys are now recovering on business interruptions during?
David Simon: Well, Alex let me interrupt you there. We dont recover anything on that because I won't go through the arcane which I could, but I'll leave the accounting arcane treatment to the side. Reality is we cannot book business interruption insurance until we get so there is no - there is no income whatsoever when it comes to Puerto Rican assets okay? And we explained that to you last time. Even with that said when we started our guidance and put the redemption cost aside when we started our guidance I left some of these headlines about guidance short, guidance this, guidance that, yet no one, I'd never see the headline that says, highest growth in the industry. Im waiting for that, Alex you could probably start that trend. But even with losing Puerto Rico and the bankruptcies that in a lot of cases were unforeseen, we did beat our guidance that we laid out for you and this time last year okay? And not like our normal you know crush beat, but we beat it by $0.03, $0.04 something like that, and Tom I'm looking at Tom. So again, I just hope you appreciate that. I mean it's not - it just doesn't - we don't roll off the log here. We grind it out. We did beat our earnings when you take out the redemption charge despite Puerto Rico not being in the numbers and then obviously the decrease in the NOI loss from Puerto Rico which is not a crazy number, but it's few cents.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, well just to finish the question David. Just curious how the rise in interest rates but the benefit on FX, how those two netted out as you guys laid out your 2018 is it than that wash or is that favorable or unfavorable one way or the other?
David Simon: Yes, its basically a wash.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay.
David Simon: We're not that levered with that much floating rate debt for that to really hurt us that much and then obviously our international business is about 10%, so when you put it all together it's not going to - it's on the margin.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of the Omotayo Okusanya of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Omotayo Okusanya: Hi, yes. Good morning everyone. Just following up on Alex's question about FX, could you just talk about the impact of FX on same-store NOI in 17 where I believe there was a bit of a drag versus in 18 way to put it that consensus estimates and FX would actually be a positive to same-store NOI growth?
David Simon: It's basically flat and again there's a good thing about it, it may help tourism in the U.S. which we get a benefit of. So we'll see, but so it's not material in a sense and I  and again remember that international, you know that's why we try to guide you toward portfolio NOI, but international is not in our comp NOI, you know that, right?
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes.
David Simon: Okay.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. Thats helpful.
David Simon: Okay, so the only benefit that we will see from the domestic which is what we do for same-store NOI is what impact the weaker dollar will have on the tourism spend okay? Not the foreign exchange number. You're with me, right?
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes, correct.
David Simon: Okay, okay, just want to make sure.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay, that's helpful. That makes a lot of sense. Second question, you have a kind of an expansive list of densification projects here thats kind of good to see. Just curious with your partner in that densification project, are you participating in any of the upside associated with these upcoming hotels or office buildings or anything of that nature? I'm just trying to understand and I'm trying to understand the relationship to how it works.
David Simon: Well, yes of course were partner - if we don't do it ourselves and we're partners of course we participate as a joint venture. A lot of these deals that we've done are 50-50 straight up deals. We get the value of the land which in some cases is higher than what our book basis is, it's never been lower and then we share in the upside absolutely. You know, and then I think with time there will be a trend for us to do more and more of these on our own. As an example at Fifth we plan on doing a hotel, the Nobu Hotel on our own. The office building that's programmed in that at this point is on our own. We may or may not bring a partner in, but although - if we do bring a partner we'll certainly have upside, if we don't just sell the opportunity at a premium and then let them develop it.
Richard Sokolov: And I would point out that this densification is not new for us. We've been doing this for a decade and we've been reaping the benefits as we decide when we want to asset managing, we've sold a number of these densification projects and make a lot of money doing it. So we've been doing this for a long time and we're just going to come up with incremental opportunities.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay, so I guess the expectation has I mean, in 18 we should see decent increase in the income from unconsolidated entities from all these JVs?
David Simon: Well, it's - a lot of these are under construction, so I don't think 18 is a big year for that, but they'll be you know there'll be some, I think you will continue to see more and more projects being added in our portfolio. We had a substantial increase quarter-over-quarter in the number that we included in the CAG.
Omotayo Okusanya: Got you. Okay, just one more from me I appreciate the patience. There have been press releases about the Tijuana situation has been resolved between the two parties. Is there any color or commentary you can just kind of provide about lessons learned through that process?
David Simon: From us?
Omotayo Okusanya: Actually from both sides, because Im just kind of curious how was it settled, what's the ultimate decision? But does it give you confidence about system supporting your lease structures and Im just kind of curious?
David Simon: I don't think it's fair to ask us. The last thing we want to do is get into an argument with one of our clients. However, if we feel like it's not and this is a generic statement, if we feel like it's not being appropriately dealt with we have no choice but to do what we did. It's not what we want to do. We're not in that business, but if we feel like we have to protect our position we will and it - but it took a lot of took  you know generically when you have these situations it takes a lot of judgment what to do and not something I'm excited about doing, but if we have to we will.
Omotayo Okusanya: Fair enough. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks, good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Steve Sakwa: I guess David, on the buyback, I noticed that the volume was much, much lower in Q4 than in Q3 and Im just wondering was there anything that maybe precluded you from doing buybacks and was there something about the share price or just your liquidity obviously is in very good shape, so I just thought maybe some comments on the buyback and how you're thinking about that in 2018?
David Simon: Well, we  well, I guess, I think as I look at 18 and I look at and I really study other credits that are like ours or that at least rated the same as ours, I shouldnt say like ours but rated the same as us, I see a lot more firepower than they do and that - it's important for us to maintain that rating. But I think we're underappreciated by how they evaluate things. So it is - a long story short, it gives me more  a stronger position to continue to be more aggressive than we were in the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter is just kind of an anomaly in that it wasnt anything legally precluding. There was a period of time when the stock really got hit. And we went in and then it jumped back up, so we and then before you know we're in the blackout period and then we can't do much more. So it's really more on that front, nothing other than that. But you know when I look at ratings of companies that are the same as ours, we have a lot more firepower and that gives me more confidence to be more, perhaps more aggressive here.
Steve Sakwa: And just to be clear, you're not assuming within the earnings for next year that there's any buyback activity, so there's no benefit from potentially using the firepower on the buyback.
David Simon: That is 100% accurate.
Steve Sakwa: Okay and then just this is a little bit more of a medusa [ph] question, but when we look at kind of the income statement, home and regional costs as well as G&A were down substantially '17 over '16. And I'm just trying to figure out are the 17 numbers you think, sort of good starting points in run rates to think about 18 or was there something abnormal in 17 that brought us down versus 16.
David Simon: No, I think they're pretty consistent. That's a new run rate. What I  at the beginning, you know the executives here did not have - and again you can get me going philosophically, but we decided not to take any long term incentive for 17 and take and express to the market that we're going to do what it takes to continue to run our business as we've also retired a couple of people that we're that we haven't replaced at those kind of levels. But I think those are pretty close to the run rate sort of more or less. If it's up it's more inflationary up than anything else, but I would look for that to be more the new normal, maybe slightly up just from an inflationary point of view.
Steve Sakwa: Okay and then maybe just a touch back on lease and I know you sort of circled this a couple of times and your commentary about good and improving and maybe just get Ricks commentary, but as you sort of sit here today and kind of survey the landscape in the leasing environment versus a year ago, it much feel better but how many, if you just help us kind of quantify or think about kind of the environment today and the discussions with tenants versus say six months or twelve months ago?
Richard Sokolov: It's Rick, Steve. It is clearly a firmer environment. The tenants are more constructive in their view of their store platforms. If you looked at all of the comments that the tenants had coming out of ICR, I think all of them basically were saying that we have made progress getting our portfolios right side. David has already commented. We view 18 as hopefully going to be a less debilitating year in terms of reworks and bankruptcies and we're doing a lot of refit. We have made substantial progress on the bankruptcy space. We got back. We're leasing it on rent. That for the most part are higher than the rents that the bankrupt tenants had and we are encouraged and frankly it doesn't hurt that we have a great portfolio of properties that tenants want to be in.
David Simon: And there seems to be just one other small point on that is there seems to be a lot of the, and without naming names, a lot of the folks that are, that were a little sketchy last year seemed to stabilize their business a little bit more. So again, that doesn't mean there's not a shoe to drop with you know one retailer versus the next. But it does seem  there does seem to be a sense that some of the folks that we're  could have gone left or right are kind of stabilizing their business.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, great thanks. That's all from me.
David Simon: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy of Citi. Your line is now open.
Michael Bilerman: Hi it's Michael Bilerman here with Christy. Maybe Rick or David, just sticking on the leasing these, as you think about the pace of your openings, this year been a sub page 23 you are at 6.7 million square feet, you had been a little bit over 8 million the year before and consistently in that 7.5 million to 8 million type or range. You have almost 8 million square feet expiring in 18. Can you talk sort about that actual pace and if you feel like there's going to be an increase in the opening pace or what may have held back some of the openings in terms of back selling the higher amount of bankruptcies this year?
David Simon: Well, let me first address in terms of our renewals. We are right on pace on our 18 renewals today as where we were in 17 with our renewals. And we as David indicated we're still seeing a relatively strong volume coming in. We have a large portfolio and as we work through we have to a degree a lumpier process because we deal with our tenants on all their expirations. So it's a little lumpier, but we do not expect that we're going to have any significant diminution in activity this year as compared to last year as we saw our average rents were up and our spreads were around.
Michael Bilerman: Going back to the same-store NOI David, on page 19 you lay out pretty clearly that components of that growth and so are you going to not provide that information now that you're not providing the guidance from comparable and a total perspective?
David Simon: No, no, no, that number will be the same. I mean that page will be the same and I've provided, somebody asked me the question I provided the same guidance we provided last year, so we've given you the guidance. And that page will continue to be the same and we'll continue to report both same-store and portfolio NOI we just are trying to explain to you we think one's better than the other. But you'll get both numbers and you'll be able to decide what's relevant.
Michael Bilerman: Right, and I guess the question is just trying to define slightly and people, different people may have different views the spread this year between comparable and total was 130 basis points. I don't know, if 130 thats again more
David Simon: All right well, okay, I mean we don't have to get into semantics too much, but it's fine Mike well our  we expected to be above 2% in same-store but it, but again our business is, it's a little bit more difficult to and again we thought we'd be at 3% last year and we beat it. We like to beat our numbers as you know. We have again another unrivaled history on that, you know, an unrivaled earnings growth, unrivaled dividend growth, unrivaled balance sheet, also unrivaled beating earnings expectations. And obviously as you - and Tom and I spent a lot of time looking at comp NOI over a long, short periods of times, long period of time and it's safe to say we've outperformed that both from a complete real estate point of view as well as within the retail sector. So put all that aside, we would hope to continue to do that, but it's a little  you know our business is not as - it's a little bit more of an art and science just more levers, a little bit like the hotel business as opposed to say the office business or even the apartment business. So that's why we always try to guide you towards this kind of range as opposed to that kind of range because there is all lot more moving pieces then some of those others. But it's expected to be about 2% and our portfolio NOI is expected to be about 3% and that's exactly what we told you last year and we'll provide the same. I think you'll find page 19 helpful, is it Michael.
Michael Bilerman: It is.
David Simon: We will continue to provide page 19.
Michael Bilerman: And then just a strategic question, as you think about running a company a lot of times status quo has more risk in it and pursuing some sort of transaction de-risks the company in some ways and you think about your history in terms of going into the outlet business, buying mills, expanding internationally, spinning off WPG in each of those the resulting entity was stronger, relative to the status quo. And I'm just curious how you think about the status quo today in terms of your three divisions and your geographical exposure and you can translate a little bit of what Unibail is doing with Westfield right? They have a status quo of being a predominately European, French focused company may have had more risk and diversifying their entity into the U.S. small business to them was the attractiveness wealth of the status quo. So how do you think about the go forward as Simon sit here today in terms of having those three divisions in your geographical exposure?
David Simon: Well, I would say we are without question in my opinion perfectly positioned to continue the success that we've had over the last 20 plus years. So there is absolutely nothing that I think we are not appropriately position for future opportunities. We don't, I don't feel - the only thing I feel compelled to do is to make our existing real estate better. That I feel with a complete unmitigated, unrestrained passion. I also think we need to without question work our tails off to figure out how to connect with the consumer in lots of different ways. But I certainly don't feel that we need to be better positioned or that I'm losing out on the M&A activity. I just don't, I don't beat to that drum and I don't think we need to and in fact I think most people are catching up with what we've already done, so I don't get out that I don't worry about. I worry about absolutely making our existing real estate better and I worry about how we continue to want to connect with the consumer and we'll always find interesting things to do. I mean, the market Michael, you know we gloss over what we do, but we did open an outlet in Kuala Lumpur okay? We do have a great presence and I don't think anybody other than tab and I guess has a presence in China. We do have an international business. We do have diversity in product type. We do have a great balance sheet. Our people are good at what they do. I'm not that shabby. So I don't know, I think we're okay, but the passion here is how do we make our existing real estate better and if there's external deal to do that we think is opportunistic for our shareholders then we'll take advantage of it. But I don't, I really, really, don't feel compelled that we have to do that to continue our leadership position. That's right, I dont feel that all that. I will say this, I mean I think these folks are catching up with us. We'll see if they are successful. I've lived and breathed this. It isn't that easy, it not - it doesn't happen, well you're going from a piece of paper to cash flow is a different leap of faith and so we'll see.
Michael Bilerman: And how do you feel just about your appeal, you obviously have the stake in [indiscernible] to [indiscernible] a number of years ago. There's been some M&A activity in that marketplace. How do you sort of feel about owning a 20% stake in the public security, you're chairman of the supervisory board with a lot of control, but just, how do you sort of think about Europe in that context with activity going on there as well and what you could do?
David Simon: Well, listen I think we bought opportunistically as you know that it's interesting Europe. They're all excited about the growth there that's finally catching up with the U.S. I am very comfortable with our investment there. And what the job, they're doing we've done a lot with that company. We'll continue to make it better, but again I don't feel from that standpoint that they are missing out some of these M&A activities the shareholders of the acquirer you know are pretty much beyond if not puke and it's somewhere in between. Right? So we at Klepierre have a lot - I think a lot to continue to do to improve the company and they're doing a very good job of it and I feel very comfortable with that investment and I'm pleased to see that there's, that there's green shoots in France and their starting to growth and the entrepreneurial spirit is coming back to an area that truly needs and deserves it.
Michael Bilerman: Great, well I appreciate all the color and keep growing cash flow.
David Simon: Yes, thats what we do.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Haendel St. Juste: Hi, good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Haendel St. Juste: Thank you. I wanted to follow up on an earlier question about sales. Curious about actually the 2% sales growth to the fourth quarter, is there anything positive I think the fourth consecutive quarter of sales just were include growth. But most are a bit surprised that sales per square foot worked up a little bit higher. After all you had pretty easy comps given to on '16 week holiday season last year and the fourth quarter I think you did -1%. So adding that plus all the hype around how great to see holiday season was from the media. May be you can reconcile that and add a bit more color on which categories maybe weighed down your growth and maybe some of the out performers?
David Simon: Well, this is, I mean the number is, the number is that the retailers report to us. They're in the retail business there's always winners and losers every quarter. There's no extraordinary insights that I have that will help you, help me answer that question. And I dont know Rick if you, the numbers to number is all I could tell you, but Rick if you have some insights.
Richard Sokolov: The only thing I can tell you is that just in terms of categories the entertainment women's better and moderate and kids' shoes were better, regions of the mountain at Atlantic Pacific and Florida were stronger. I think again reflecting the point that David made earlier that tourism is back a little bit and I agree with David, our sales number is a derivative number from our retailers. We're certainly doing everything in our power to draw more people to our properties, but ultimately the retailers have to convert them once we get them there.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay, fair enough I appreciate that color Rick and perhaps do you guys also have a NOI weighted sales per square foot growth figure year-over-year? I'm trying to get a sense of?
David Simon: Whatever that number that we had last time, I don't know, and Tom can follow up.
Thomas Ward: Yes, its in fact it's up a little higher than it was, it was up almost 2.4%.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay, thank you for that. And one more I guess on the transaction market, Im curious if you're maybe think few more assets in the marketplace, have you noticed that change in perhaps seller sentiment for the quality assets that you want, given the recent transaction marks provided. And I guess understanding not, that you're watching but not necessary intern participating in the M&A going on around you. Is it fair to assume that you are interested in high assets should they become available? I guess what I'm trying to figure out you have as you outlined 8 billion-ish of liquidity, 2 billion of cash what you're planning to do with it? Thanks.
Richard Sokolov: Well, I mean I kind of, we work kind of hard to build that up, so I mean it's - I view it as an opportunity not and I said look, I think at the end of the day. We're going to be focused on good real estate in terms of our external activity. We're going to be focused on good real estate that we could add value to priced right and if we can't find that, we won't buy it. And if you look at our track record, we've done that. So let me repeat, good real estate one, two is where we can add value and three is appropriately priced for us and somebody may have pricing view that's different than ours and we may be right or we may be wrong. The only thing I can point you to is our track record and I will assure you that every time that we did an M&A deal, we were wildly criticized from CPI to when the Barlow was so long ago and I mean people remember, right? I barely remember it. I mean
David Simon: And suddenly Rick showed up at the office one day and I go, how did you get here?
Richard Sokolov: But you know, CPI to buying Chelsea to buying Chelsea to buying the Mills, I mean that was not one deal that the market said, boy, you guys got a good chance. So now that the concern is we're not buying anything, it is what it is. We find those three metrics we'll do something. If we don't, we won't.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay, I appreciate the thoughts, but disconnecting the dots it sounds like there isn't anything more incremental in the marketplace that perhaps you're noticing a shift in sentiment or perhaps a change in the quantity of quality assets available?
David Simon: Well, look I think the good news for you are a market participant and the good news for you is that you've had a couple of companies that are obviously very thoughtful smart companies from Brookfield to Unibail that have given you a mark, Unibail has given you a great mark in terms of you want to value U.S. real estate. And I know the market really was dying for that and there it shows up. Yet, it's not enough. Okay? But I would say to you that's a pretty healthy mark, if you're looking at wanting to understand what existing pricing is today.
Thomas Ward: Okay, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our question comes from Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Vincent Chao: Hey, good morning everyone. May be just a follow up question on this liquidity. You talked about firepower quite a bit and the strength of the balance sheet, but regardless of what the investment is whether share buybacks or M&A at some point in the future or developments, I guess how comfortable are you in taking up your leverage? It sounds like you think you're not getting the credit for your leverage, that some of your similarly rated peers are, so and then I guess would you be comfortable going to 6.5, 7?
David Simon: Well, I don't was to pick a number on, but I would encourage you to look at who is rated the same as us in the retail space and look at - it to me the most, nominal line guy, I'm so old that I ice go cold, private equity leverage buyouts okay, that's the pure definition of how old you are right, whether you say private equity or leveraged buyouts. Id encourage you, Vincent to look at this in retail real estate really look at debt-to-EBITDA ours versus the peers rated in our category and you can see there's a wide really shockingly big spread. So we're trying to assess that, what does that mean for us or why is it that way we don't have really good answers and so it's a work in progress, but we're paying attention to it. There shouldn't be that big a spread.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thanks and then I think we've touched on this in the past, but of the $1.2 million square feet that you referenced from 2017 bankruptcies, how much of that is expected to come back on line in 2018?
David Simon: Weve already brought back on line almost 50% of it and we're making really good progress on the balance and the tenants that are coming in are frankly great productive growing tenants that are going to be more productive in the tenants that closed and they're paying higher rents. So it is a very productive process, but it certainly does have an impact while we're going through.
Vincent Chao: Got it and just one last one just in terms of your contractual rent bumps, what is that currently on average for the portfolio?
David Simon: In terms of what we're doing in our leases?
Vincent Chao: Right.
David Simon: Typically they are 3%
Vincent Chao: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Rich Hill: Hey good morning. I think this question is for David and Rick maybe together. From our perspective and I think probably yours as well, the retail narrative was really strong in 4Q with sales improving. So I was a little bit surprised to see overage rents, look to be down maybe around 13% year-over-year and I was wondering if there's anything that maybe drove that you had mentioned Puerto Rico being closed in the fourth quarter.
David Simon: So, yes the simple answer is yes. Puerto Rico we did have overage rent from Puerto Rico that we have to take out, but also remember that. And you see this in our average base rent going up, so it's our job to take that overage rent each and every year when leases rollover to put that in the minimum rent, right? So you know, as the lease rolls are over let's say theyre paying $10 of base rent, $10 of overage rent it's our job to get that to 20 bucks at base rent, right so we can take out the volatility. So part of our job is to always even do that and in a robust sales environment historically you've had folks that even though we've eaten into their overage with increases in base rent, there's a whole slew of others but since sales have been kind of flattish over the last couple years you're seeing the impact more of us converting the overage into the base rent and you're seeing that in the average base rent increase.
Rich Hill: Got it. That type of the numbers that's all I have. Thank you very much.
David Simon: Yes, no worries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with UBS. Your line is now open.
Nicholas Yulico: Hi everyone. Couple questions on occupancy, in the third quarter you mentioned you had a 30 basis point negative drag on total occupancy from new centers, what was that impact in the fourth quarter?
David Simon: Similar.
Nick Yulico: Okay, so Im just trying to understand why the year-over-year occupancy dropped more in the fourth quarter than third quarter?
David Simon: We processed a lot of bankruptcies in the fourth quarter. Again remember they tell you when they're going to close and just a function of the bankruptcy processing.
Nick Yulico: Okay and then just lastly on in terms of your occupancy I guess in the fourth quarter and over the past year, hoping to get a break down of long term versus short term tenants and how that trend has changed in the past year?
David Simon: It's the way, our definition is that it is hasn't changed, so the numbers are the numbers. Okay? We only include it if its a year. And then if it's less and it is not in our numbers, so it's all in it's a year-over-year comparison is appropriate the number hasn't changed or the definition hasnt unchanged.
Nick Yulico: Okay, thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Boenning. Your line is now open.
Floris van Dijkum: David, a quick question for you on, sort of touching upon fall off on other questions you've had as well, but with the Westfield comp out there at a relatively low cap rate compared to where consensus is for eight more guys there seems to be 75 basis points certainly relative to where you're trading at today, why aren't you more aggressive or will you become does that make you become more aggressive about share buybacks heading into 18?
David Simon: Well, first of all you can't buy stock back in a blackout period unless you have a - what's the word Im looking for? 10B5 okay. So and you said guidelines on the 10B5, so unless those guidelines are met we can't buy it, but the reality is, I think I intimated that yes it's something we're thinking more and more about.
Floris van Dijkum: Okay, another question I had regarding your 12 Sears boxes that you now control. Presumably there not in your redevelopment pipeline as you mentioned earlier.
David Simon: Well, that presumably theyre not, they're not, you can take out the word presumably.
Floris van Dijkum: Right, there not, no but Ill ask as but presumably the returns on those 12 boxes would be in excess of your overall portfolio and based on what certainly what [indiscernible] has been able to achieve on their space right now. Any ideas of or any advance thoughts on any of them that you can share in terms of maybe turning some of the space into enter small shop space or is it mostly going to be doing your anchors, how you?
David Simon: Yes, it's a legitimate question. It's all over the board. As these transactions are permitted and approved internally, then you'll see exactly and it will be some are just box for box. A lot of them are torn down and redo like what we did in Macau and Texas. And like what we're going to do with King of Prussia with Penny or like what we're going to do with the bulk [ph] department store at Phipps. So it's really all over the board and we'll obviously, for us as we get all of that done permitted, priced out, approved, that will flow into our 8K and youll see exactly specifically what we're going to do there.
Floris van Dijkum: Okay, great thanks. Last question I guess is, maybe if you can make a comment broadly on TIs. I think one of the concerns that people have its TI packages certainly in some of the script companies but also in some of the other mall companies has been raising a little bit. Are you seeing any sort of trends there in terms of what you're having to offer your tenants?
David Simon: If you go back over our TIs over the last five or six years, they've been in a very tight range. So I think it's important we very rarely give any TIs on renewals it's only for new leasing activities when we have a slightly elevated TIs because we've been able to do more restaurants or design your tenants, but it's been in a very tight range and we're not seeing any material increase in what we need to give tenants in that area.
Floris van Dijkum: Great thanks. Thats it from me.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Linda Tsai with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. Good morning. Following up on Floriss question on the future Sears redevelopments are you thinking about these spaces any differently as in would you be less interested in letting apparel tenants fill the boxes, just given how competitive the space remains even if some brands had a better holiday?
Richard Sokolov: We are focused on making our properties better. As David said we've got very defined plans for all 12 of these. We are far down the road in our approval and leasing process. We have apparel tenants, we have restaurants, we have mixed used elements. We've got boxes, health clubs, theaters all over the board, but in every instance there is one thing each of these projects has been common and that is when we're done our project is going to be substantially stronger, higher NOI, higher total sales and more attractive marketplace serving its trade area.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. This probably sounds minor, but the occupancy cost ratio increased to 13.2% where as it's been it was it's been in the 13% to 13.1% range for the past several quarters is there anything to highlight here?
David Simon: No.
Linda Tsai: Okay.
David Simon: No, it's immaterial really.
Linda Tsai: All right and then what was traffic like in the quarter at the Mills versus the Malls, versus the Premium Outlets.
David Simon: All generally positive enough and I think traffic and sales are painting a more robust picture than the narrative out there is suggesting.
Linda Tsai: Have you seen some of that traffic follow through in January?
David Simon: Yes, I think January has been a very well it's anecdotal, we don't have January sales, yet it's we get from the retailers 20 days after the month but anecdotally we hear January is very strong across the board. So again, I mean I wouldn't bank on that, but that's at least from a anecdotal point of view we're hearing that.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey guys question for Rick, I just wonder if you could talk about the pace of activity or momentum kind of in the junior box space some of the fashion retirees that have been a huge focus here in recent years. It seems to be losing a little bit of steam, so just wondering what the pipeline looks like on that front relative to maybe a year ago?
Richard Sokolov: Yes, it's in fact very strong ironically if you look at 12, 31, 16 we indicated we were going to have 34 boxes that could open in 17 and beyond and in fact in 17 we opened 34 and we now have 40 additional ones on the schedule for 18 and beyond. So there is still a very robust market out there for our properties and as we have said in the past, you're seeing that in our portfolio. Tenants that are operating in the mall contacts and than have operated in the power center contact which we can provide better sales, better traffic, so robust pipeline that is continuing to grow.
Jeremy Metz: All right, I appreciate that and then just one quick point of clarity here in Puerto Rico and I know its not hugely material impact nearly $12 of earnings this sounds like guidance includes no insurance recovery, but the continuation of that call it $0.03 quarter we had from loss income, so is that the right way to look at it, so $0.12 drag in 2018 more or less?
David Simon: Well, its I don't want to really point to that because we've got actually collected, so we're still projecting kind of a tough environment in Puerto Rico, so not completely the end of the world there, but we've got the properties are slowly opening, so it's I would say the drag is in the $0.03, $0.04, range somewhere in that range, but there's still a drag but where in fact Puerto Rico outlets just open that's further along and then the mall is it's getting closer to getting up to where it was. I mean it's open as well, but there's still a number of tenants lagging, so we still have some drag there and then we can't really book that be until we get it so it's dilutive to where we would be if we didn't have the hurricane but that's kind of the number in that range that's hurting us absent that. 
Jeremy Metz: Okay, thanks guys.
David Simon: Sure. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. So you guys talked about better traffic sales and maybe overall better mood across the industry. When you think about your guidance for next year are . Are to better malls in your portfolio improving versus last year or is a bottom picking back up, I was wondering if you can provide a little more color on that?
David Simon: It is across the board, but obviously our stronger properties are getting incrementally stronger and growing a little better and that hasn't changed in 50 years.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay and what is the average vintage of leases that are coming due in 2018? And how you describe you know what happens after the value of vintage starts to wear off going forward, and what is that kind of your?
David Simon: I don't know the reference damage. I mean we provide you the expiring rents and I think that gives you a pretty good road map when you compare our average base rent of leases that are expiring with our opening rents that we use in our spreads, so it shows you we still have for the next seven or eight years considerable runway to be able to roll our rent based on what we're doing to that.
Ki Bin Kim: Yes, I mean there's a little bit of discrepancy and understanding that because I believe the expiring are exclusive of cam, so it's not exactly comparable, versus what you're signing, but if you compare the average base renI personally are signing but?
David Simon: No, but if you compare the average base rent expiring and our average base rent today that has all of the lower rents, we're still our average base rent today is still an excess of our expiring rents.
Ki Bin Kim: All right, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session.
David Simon: Okay, thank you ma'am. Oh thank you and again we apologize for the length of our calls, but we want to have everybody given the opportunity to ask whatever questions that they do. So I do apologize and also later than people want, but that's why we're here happy to answer questions, so thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc. David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc. Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc. [00330F-E Steve Hilton
Analysts: Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc. Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jeffrey Spector - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Simon Property Group third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you, Bridget. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning. The last couple of months obviously have been challenging as the country has endured the devastating impacts of natural disasters and tragedies, which have impacted millions of people across the country including many of our Simon employees and their families. Our thoughts and prayers go out to all affected. There has been significant disruption from Texas to Florida, Puerto Rico and California. And due to the dedication and heroic efforts of our field team members, thankfully, all of our personnel got through these events. Across all of our platforms, we closed 45 of our centers for combined 412 days due to natural disasters including the one that occurred in May at Colorado Mills due to a hailstorm. All of our centers in Texas and Florida had been back to normal. Our centers in Northern California now back to normal, operations as well after the horrific wildfires there. And we expect Colorado Mills, which has been closed since May to open in time for the holidays. Our two centers in Puerto Rico are currently not open and we are in the process of making repairs where possible. We expect full restoration of these centers to take some time given the damage to Puerto Rico's infrastructure and availability of building materials. We are fully insured for this event including business interruption insurance. We currently expect the closure of Puerto Rico centers to impact our FFO by approximately $0.03 in the fourth quarter of 2017 and this reduction is currently included in our guidance. I couldn't be more proud of the Simon team who have demonstrated courage, resilience, perseverance and how they professionally responded to these unprecedented events. Now, let's talk about the third quarter. We had another very productive quarter and are very pleased with our financial results. Results in the quarter were highlighted by funds from operation of $2.89 per share, an increase of 7% compared to the prior year. For the nine months ended, our comparable FFO per share growth was 6% which, without question, will be at the high end of our peer group. We continue to report solid operating metrics and cash flow growth. Our malls and outlets occupancy ended the quarter at 95.3%, an increase of 10 basis points compared to the occupancy at the end of the second quarter. Leasing activity remained solid. Average base rent was $52.42, up 3.3% compared to last year, reflecting strong retailer demand and pricing power for our locations, the malls and outlets. Re-leasing spreads of $7.21 per square foot, an increase of 11.2%. Reported retailer sales per square foot for the malls and outlets was $622 compared to $604 in the prior-year period, which is an increase of 3%. Total portfolio increased 4.8% year-to-date or $212 million and 3.9% for the third quarter. Comp NOI has increased 3.6% year-to-date and 2.5% for the third quarter. I remind everybody, once again, we do not include lease settlement income in our comp NOI disclosure. Also as a point of reference, our third quarter growth is typically less than the growth rate we achieved for the first half of the year if you are interested in that and have a desire to look historically. Now on an NOI-weighted basis, our operating metrics were as follows: reported retailer sales on NOI-weighted basis would be $776 per foot compared to $622 per foot; average base rent would be $68.54 compared to $52.42; leasing spreads would increase 17% compared to 11.2%. And these weighted metrics, again, reinforce the quality of our assets, and they're not to be ignored. At the end of the third quarter, redevelopment and expansion were ongoing at 31 properties across all three of our platforms. During the quarter, we opened a significant expansion in Allen Premium Outlets in North Texas. We have a significant opportunity to continue to improve our portfolio through the densification of our centers with the addition of mixed-use components, hotels, multifamily, office, and others, and included in our supplement this quarter, you'll begin to see that list of activity. We have a number of projects under way. We'll continue to add different uses to our centers where we see the opportunity to generate accretive returns. Construction continues on several major redevelopments and expansions, including The Shops at Riverside, Aventura Mall, Toronto Premium Outlets, just to name a few, and we expect these, again, to open over the next 12 months. We recently opened The Shops at Clearfork, great new center. This open-air center is an excellent example of the type of vibrant mixed-use, community-centric environment we create, along with our partners. We have carefully curated a mix of shopping, dining, entertainment, office. And The Shops at Clearfork will be the dynamic hub of a timeless asset in the terrific city of Fort Worth, Texas. Construction continues on two new outlet centers, both in really good markets, Edmonton, Canada and north side of Denver, Colorado, which will open in the spring and fall of 2018, respectively. Our share of redevelopment activities continues to approximate $1 billion. Simple update on capital markets. During the first nine months of this year, we closed on 12 mortgage loans totaling $2 billion: our share of that is $1.4 billion; weighted average interest of 3.12%; term of 6.8 years. Our current liquidity is $6.5 billion. Our balance sheet is as strong as ever. We have the highest investment-grade credit rating in the industry, more than five times interest coverage, and I again reinforce our financial flexibility is a real advantage that cannot be but continues to be overlooked. Today, we announced the dividend of $1.85 per share for the quarter. That's a year-over-year increase of 12.1%. We will pay $7.15 per share in 2017, which is an increase of 10%, and look out for 2018, which will be higher. We are updating our guidance range to $11.17 to $11.22 of FFO per share. That is the highest in the REIT industry. This is an increase of $0.03 on the low end of the range compared to our prior guidance, even with the $0.03 reduction for the quarter I mentioned previously due to the closure of our two Puerto Rican assets. So, finally, as you can see from our results this morning, we produced yet another quarter of impressive results and metrics. We continue to invest in our product and generate the kinds of returns that will continue to grow our earnings, cash flow and dividends. We're now ready for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning out there.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: This is not that far out there. We're in the Midwest. It's not like we're way out there, okay?
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Well, that would be...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: There is activity for all of those investors, west of the Hudson. I just wanted to point people, I want you to point that out. Alex, what can I answer for you?
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Well, thank you for that. So two questions. First, just in Puerto Rico, can you just tell us sort of a breakout number of tenants who are paying, or said differently, the number of tenants who aren't paying? And then on the business interruption insurance, maybe for there or elsewhere, what the impact is and if we should expect anything into next year or if the $0.03 is really just in the fourth quarter this year and next year we shouldn't expect any impact?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. I'll give it to you, really very high level. So, we've taken a deductible. We had a deductible expense that went through the P&L in the third quarter for Florida and Puerto Rico. After that deductible, we're fully insured. In the fourth quarter, there is nobody paying rent at this point. We don't collect business insurance until all of that is resolved. And they won't begin to pay rent until we restore the building. And I wish I could give you a sense of that, but it's really going to depend on the next couple of months because there is a lot going on down there and power needs to be restored permanently. And as I said, we're doing our repairs and restoration work concurrently, but it's going to take some time to get it going. So, that $0.03 is what we expect. That would have been essentially our net operating income for those two properties in the fourth quarter. It could drag into 2018. However, if it does, we would expect some of that eventually to be recouped through the BI, but we can't book the BI until it's actually cash collected. And so, when we do our earnings and 2018 guidance, we'll have a better idea of exactly the impact. Again, I'm more focused on the tragedy at Puerto Rico. At the end of the day, if you extrapolated the $0.03, that's less than 1% of our business. So, it's obviously immaterial. But we're more interested in what's going on there. If you take out our redemption here, you know that we earn well over $11.50. So if we're at $0.11 or so, that's basically less than 1%. Even you, Alex, can do that math, right?
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yes, although I do have a colleague for backup if need be. Then the second question is, in the other income breakout, the lease settlement income jumped and then marketable securities gains. Could you could just provide a bit more color? And then on that lease settlement, was any of that from Teavana, or is that still outstanding?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: None of that is from Teavana and there's been a little bit more lease settlement income this year. Again, that's not in our comp NOI. As you know, we did own Seritage stock. We did sell that. And I would only point out for those of you that  I would hope most people would study our P&L without making statements, is that we also had more than offsetting what I'd call unusual expense on the expense line, all of that you can see in our 8-K, in our P&L. So I think like this is all washes. If anything, it's a little bit more negative, but that's up for you guys to determine. And we outperformed even with the deductibles, even with the extraordinary expenses that we incurred that were higher than what I'd call the higher than normal lease settlement income, and obviously the Seritage marketable securities gain. It's a gain by the way, not a loss. Let's keep that in mind too.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. Thanks, David.
Operator: And our next question is from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning. It's Michael Bilerman here with Christy. David or Rick, can you just talk about occupancy in terms of the trajectory as we move into the fourth quarter and into next year? And right now in the third quarter, you're sitting about 100 bps over last year, which was a record high. You got to 96.8 bps by the fourth quarter, you're at 96.3 bps in the third quarter. How should we think about the trajectory into the fourth quarter relative to that spread, and how does that line up as we move into next year from an occupancy perspective?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We should have improvement in the fourth quarter. That's number one. We're not going to give you a number. Number two is we give you guidance in 2018 in February, but the reality is the only reason why it's down is we've had some extra bankruptcies this year. We had a bunch in 2015. We had less in 2016. We had a bunch in 2017. The portfolio is in excellent shape. So, we'll continue to improve upon that. And we've done more leasing this year. I don't have the exact number. Rick might have the total number. But we've leased a lot of space this year, what, over...
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: 7 million square feet.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No, it's more than that, but the point is  and we're dealing  the issue with bankruptcies is you're at the whim of the court. So you have a lease, they can cancel it at a moment's notice, and it does take time to lease. But we've leased over 10 million square feet this year. That's a lot of leasing and we'll continue and improve. And like I said, I think we'll have an uptick in the fourth quarter.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Right. I was wondering whether that year-over-year spread is going to continue to widen. So you've gone from 40 basis points, 70 basis points to 100 basis points relative to last year given some of the bankruptcies. How we should think about how the fourth quarter is shaping up, whether that 100 basis points stays flat or whether it narrows as people start to take the space?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We had a lot of bankruptcies go through the third quarter. You can't lease space in a month or two. It's certainly harder to lease space to open up for the fourth quarter once you get that space back in the third quarter because you have build-out and so on. But like I said, we have an uptick, and it's essentially all on the margin the way I look at it.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then second question in terms of capital, and you talked about how strong the balance sheet is and how much liquidity. I noticed that you didn't buy back any shares in the third quarter. Can you just elaborate a little bit about why that was the case and how that differed relative to what you did in the first half?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: The simple answer to that is we've got  we're very close to some significant redevelopments that we're excited about, and we are very conservative. So we're creating a pile of financial power that we want to take advantage of, and we've got a little bit more redevelopment that you'll see in the next, I don't know, month or two. That's really exciting for the portfolio, and we figured we might as well hoard some cash. And actually, we also love raising the dividend. I love raising the dividend 10% a year. I really like that. So between the redevelopment, raising the dividend, having a balance sheet that cannot be compromised, with significant firepower, I know it's all ignored right now, but I don't ignore it, and I'm going to rely on my judgment that that's stuff that I shouldn't ignore. So I know no one wants to pay attention to it. I know nobody cares. But raising that dividend 8%, 10%, 12% a year, having a hoard of cash to put back in the portfolio of accretive returns is really exciting, and having a balance sheet tried, tested, ready to go to work is really a competitive advantage that I really like, and that's what we're going to do. So this dividend is going up, the earnings are going up, the balance sheet is going to get stronger. That's the model we got. That's what we're doing.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, all right. Thanks, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I noticed on the development activity report that the Edmonton project is listed under Mills. I wondered if this indicates a different leasing approach that maybe is broader in value scope than just outlets?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It will be. It's always been designed as Mills. Our partner there actually owns The Mills in Toronto and in Vancouver. And this has always been organized as a Mills. It's enclosed. It's what I'd say bigger in size. So it's always been kind of  we consider it more Mills like with the boxes and the outlet and the entertainment uses.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: So our partner is the owner of Vaughan Mills and the one that they've just opened in Vancouver as well.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, that's encouraging.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yes.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then it seems like you may be taking a change in direction on the new redevelopments, maybe more densification, or is that something that I just need to wait the next couple of months for?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think we've got a terrific portfolio set to do. So, the answer is yes, Craig. I think you'll see more and more stuff from us along those lines. Obviously, we're not going to do it just to do it. The idea is to increase the value of the portfolio. But Rick and I went over plans yesterday at King of Prussia. King of Prussia is basically a $2 billion asset. We had a Penney that just didn't fit there with Neiman and the Nordstrom and the Lord & Taylor and the Bloomingdale's at all. You know the center very well. It's very big. We didn't need another department store. They've closed their store there. We could have done traditional, but the fact of the matter is the pivot of what's the front and what's the back of that center has evolved over time. And we have the ability for a hotel, apartments, office, and complementary retail with outdoor work and play space. That's going to be unbelievable for that community and, listen, we've got to do it. We got to get it done. We've got to open it. But I think that a lot of folks are missing those kind of opportunities and are kind of  you cannot, one thing you cannot do is replicate the real estate that we have and that's unique unbelievable opportunity. It's going to be a significant investment. It will be our Hudson Yards version for suburban, but wealthy King of Prussia. It's a great market. It's a growing market. That's what having good real estate is all about and it's underappreciated, but I get it. We've got do it. We've got to prove it. But if you've seen some of the mixed-use stuff that we've done over the past few years, you've seen that our core competency is increasing in this area. So again, we will devote capital to those kind of projects that are very exciting and we'll take that $2 billion asset to, I don't know, $3 billion, $3 billion plus, why not, right?
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sounds good.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Hi. Good morning.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Hi.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Hi. Just a couple of quick things, David. One, I think you mentioned that you did have a deductable hit in the third quarter, but I don't think you quantified it. Could you give us that number?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: $2 million.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's $1 million per occurrence. The flood in  Harvey and all the flooding did not reach the deductible expense. We had other expenses, but not up to that number.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks. And then I also noticed on that other income page and expense page, professional service fees were up quite significantly, and I also noticed that the regional and home costs were down. I just don't know if you can provide any commentary around the large jump from professional fees in the quarter?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, it's mostly associated with legal expenses. As you know, we had this situation with Woodbury. You know our point of view in terms of how we felt about that, but they were significant, significant expenses. That, to me, is a one-time expense. And then obviously we're going to be  we're running our business as efficiently. We have the highest margins in the business. We've got the best overhead percent of revenue in the business. We take pride in that, that we have the highest margins. We take pride that we have the lowest overhead, again something that's underappreciated, and we'll continue to do that. We did not have an LTIP for the senior dudes because we knew this year would be a little bit tough. It's actually coming out better than we thought. We're hitting every number. We've got best growth in the industry. We've got the best balance sheet. Our operating metrics are  sales were up. All of that is pretty good. But you know what? We thought it might be a little tough. And so we tightened the screws, and that's what I like about my team. They're willing to tighten with me, and we tightened.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Okay. That's good. And then I guess just lastly on that 10 million feet that you talked about leasing, I don't know if you or Rick could maybe provide a little detail, just broadly by category. Presumably, a lot of that was other things besides apparel. But can you just kind of help us give a breakdown of maybe how much was traditional apparel, how much was home, food, and just some of the broad categories to show the diversity of leasing?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: This is Rick. In our new leases that we have been signing, the percentage devoted to apparel is down about 20%. The percentage devoted to food and entertainment is up about 20%, and the number is over 11 million square feet this year over our three portfolios, which is malls, mills, and premium outlets.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Okay, thanks. That's it for me.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. Hey, guys. I just want to say being from the Midwest, I agree, it's actually not that far out there.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Right.
Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I had a question for Rick. I was just wondering if you can give us some high-level color here on the sales and traffic trends of the premium outlets versus the malls. And then maybe, just as a follow-up, can you comment on your watch list and any changes there? Maybe digging in a little bit, are you worried that we could get another bankruptcy or adverse retailer event here late in the year, whether it's a Charlotte Russe or anyone else of the troubled retailers out there?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We're not going to comment on individual retailers. That's not our place. Our premium outlet traffic is up. The mall traffic is stable. We're not seeing the kinds of trends that have been publicly reported by all these algorithms and black box things that have been out there and talked about in the trades. It's very stable and frankly, again under-reported, 2017, yes, there was a lot of bankruptcies. But frankly, we're also having many of our tenants get reorganized; emerge with very, very good balance sheets, and in the last several months, you've had Gymboree, Payless, rue21, all come out with restructurings with very stable balance sheets and growth strategies.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. On the occupancy that Mike Bilerman asked which I probably should have mentioned, I mean part of the dip in occupancy that we have is also we've added new product to the portfolio. So, they obviously, both in redevelopments, expansion space as well as new developments, they are never up to or 95% and I don't know what that number is...
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: About 30 bps impact.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. So it's about a 30 basis point impact and I probably should have answered that when Michael asked in any event. So part of that is just the portfolio is expanding and you tend not to be initially at 100% occupancy when you open. But yet, once the space comes in, the space comes in our number and it is what it is.
Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, I appreciate that. And I guess, David, I was just wondering if you could just kind of talk about your appetite here for disposition, specifically kind of the lower end of the portfolio. You've talked about NOI-weighted results. So obviously further highlights how much of the revenue and value is really driven by the top. So as I think about the 13  I think you have about 13 assets in the other bucket and maybe just more broadly some assets where, for whatever reason, the market or maybe demographics are moving against it. Does it make sense to sell those sooner versus later, or just how are you thinking about pruning the bottom from here?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Look, I think it's a question of your assets that don't fit with our portfolio, we generally have been a seller or spinner-offer of assets. The market is not great. On the other hand, I think we'll have at least a sale potentially by yearend or early next year. But it's a very simple  there's no asset here that we lose sleep over or that we have consternation over. And it's a function of  if we get the right price, we'll sell. If we don't and the present value of those cash flow is greater than the price, I mean  to me cash flow is still  there is nothing to be embarrassed about. I know this world doesn't want to focus on cash flow, but there's nothing to be embarrassed about cash flow. And I can take that cash flow and invest in something that's higher growth and that's okay. I mean, that's kind of what I think people like me should think about. But we'll continue to prune the portfolio. We're in pretty good shape, if the value is right, but we're not going to do anything that's a fire sale because we really have no need to  we can operate effectively. The thing about us is we can operate effectively from luxury centers to terrific suburban malls, west of the Hudson, to outlet centers, to the Mills product, to Europe, to Asia, to mixed-use properties. I mean, we have the ability  I mean, the fact  if you had only seen how this company dealt with these devastations, our multiple would go up, okay? You don't see it, but I see it. We had crews of people. We chartered plane. We had crews of people go down to Puerto Rico. We had people in the field that put their own personal situation on the back burner to deal with our physical assets. Crazy, crazy stuff. So, we can operate. I mean, people forget that we lost a mall in Nashville because of a flood that was shut down for, I can't remember, a year-and-a-half, two years? And we built it back better than ever. We'll build Puerto Rico back better than ever. Those assets are important to that community. We will deliver, and that's what people lose sight of. They want to focus on a metric here and there. I don't know. Sometimes it's interesting, but I don't know what you're asking. I forgot. But the point is, thanks for your question. If I didn't answer it, ask it again. Something about asset sales. The point is we operate in any kind of environment. We do extraordinary stuff. We give back to the community. Simon Youth Foundation is important, check into it, look at what we've done for the Komen Foundation with Breast Cancer Research, look at the fact that our operating income, somebody reported sales that had operating income of $347 million. We had $1 billion, $35 million of operating income, 3 times, what somebody else had, and focus on that. Focus on those kind of things I think would be helpful in your analysis. You should tell us what you want us to focus on. On the other hand, it's a two-way street, my friend. Thanks for your question.
Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks for your time.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think he called uncle. Next.
Operator: And our next question is from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. I was just wondering if you could talk about on the sales side, you guys did have a nice 3% increase this year year-over-year which is the strongest since 2013. So I was just wondering if you could comment where in the portfolio that was, if it was more the international tourists, high volume centers coming back or if it was across the board?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Simply put it's basically across the board. And you've got to remember, September, we've dealt with a lot of crap. So I mean I was really pleased with that number. It's across the board. And I think that there's definitely been a pause with all these natural disasters, but I mean unfortunately they hit us hard from Texas to Florida. Don't underestimate the Las Vegas impact. Thankfully we had nobody involved. But it's a tragedy that changes the psyche of the consumer for a period of time. I think I heard from Southwest Airlines that their flights down to Vegas are down. It will come back, but we had to deal with that. And unbelievably, I mean we've never had malls where we had to shut because of fires. The untold natural disasters, what's happened in Northern California, it's been unbelievable. We had our partner in a mall there whose own home burned down. I mean just tragic, tragic stuff. And then obviously, the Puerto Rico situation is at another level. So, even with all that said, our sales came in pleasantly surprised. I think the consumer mood is better. Look, we can talk online or not online, the reality is, I saw something interesting, how physical books outperformed. Electronic books, who knows, but maybe that's a trend. I think you'll see that as well. People get bored despite all of the rhetoric out there, you would expect me to say that. But generally sales and traffic are not bad, pretty good absent obviously these things going on and the tragedies of this unfortunate circumstances that we've had to deal with. And again, I wrote a letter to the company. I can't tell  and I don't know how many people listen from the company on the call, but I can't tell you how people have stepped up in this company dealing with these crazy, crazy events. Proud of the organization.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks for that response. And then I was wondering on recent outlet development projects. Denver is under construction. It opens about a year from now. I'm wondering how the pre-leasing is going there and how that trajectory kind of a year from opening looks at this point versus I know Norfolk opened earlier this year and others of the past.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Great. I think that's going to be great. Denver is a great city. The growth there is phenomenal. It's a great site right on I-25. We are ahead of the outlets, took a bunch of retailers there last month. I think, we've got a great design. I think, it will be a great addition to the community there.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: And I would say to you that there is still considerable demand in the outlet sector. Those tenants are growing and are actively looking for new opportunities. So, Norfolk now is performing very well and has got everyone open. And it's a lovely physical plant right on the water. We incorporated outdoor dining there. I mean, the  I would hope you go visit our product, Clarksburg, because the level of design and customer amenities is substantially elevated along with the tenant mix in these properties.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Oh, that's great to hear. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Hi. David, I think you said your NOI-weighted spreads were 17% in the quarter. When I look at my notes from last quarter, you talked about 14% spreads. Is that an apples-to-apples methodology so they actually increased in the third quarter?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yes, sir.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And I guess on the development pipeline, about $1 billion right now. Where do you see that number trending over the next two years or three years?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think it's got the potential to go up, frankly, because, as you know, we're going to have some opportunities like the King of Prussias of the world that are going to be really dramatic and change the face of some of these great pieces of real estate. So I think you'll see more from us in this area, even this year, that would tend to suggest that that number could be higher. Look, we are very focused on the redevelopment part of our business, investing in our product. We're actually in very good shape there. We've done a lot, as you know, since 2010. And we're still very optimistic on  we'll announce at least one more expansion of a material asset this year yet, Rick, probably, right...
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: There should be.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: ...with really good tenant demand. We'll announce another major mixed-use development at some point along the lines of King of Prussia that I talked about. So I think we've got good stuff working.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And I guess maybe for a second going back to the first question in the spreads again, going from 14% to 17%, does anything jump out over the last three months in terms of what would have caused that increase?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No, we have such a large portfolio that they would have to jump really high to change a number.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it, okay. That was it, thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah, no worries. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I think I had a little headset technical issue there before. But, David, you talked a lot about the dividend and the importance of the dividend, and obviously you increased it this quarter and alluded to increases in 2018. I know a lot of this has to do with taxable income and REIT rules and things like that. But I was just curious. As the markets continue to not really pay attention to the discount between the private market values versus your own stock, would you consider increasing the dividend more than you otherwise would in 2018 to continue to give back some of that return to shareholders?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think the simple answer to that is yes. If you look at where we are versus what we paid, obviously to keep increasing that level off a bigger base, that's a pretty big number. And I think the simple answer is yes. We have the ability to continue to grow our cash flow. And like I mentioned, I just encourage people to look at our operating income for the third quarter. It was $1 billion  operating income essentially being FFO, net income plus depreciation, more or less. It's $1.035 billion. Nobody gets excited about that number, but guess who does?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Guess who does?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I do. And you put it in comparison to other companies and some of their multiples, we are I think truly undervalued. But I'm not going to  Mr. Market is Mr. Market. We can only  I think a good way to demonstrate that is by raising our dividend on a consistent basis. We'll continue to do that.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then just maybe going back to your comments about the psyche of the consumer, obviously there's been a lot of unusual things going on in the country here and with the natural disasters and Las Vegas, as you mentioned. Overall traffic sounds like trends are stable. But I'm just curious if the traffic trends in Florida, Houston, and Vegas as well, sounds like maybe not Vegas, but Florida and Houston, have they returned to normal?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's interesting. What happens  unfortunately, we've seen this before. What happens it does  and I will say this to you. Prior to this like string of natural disasters, the business was actually  sales and traffic were up. They were good. And what happens generally is you lose the week before because there's the preparation and then you lose two, three, four weeks after because obviously people are not yet back to normal. Houston, having just visited Houston, we didn't really have that much property damage, but there was unbelievable amount of damage to that city. Now, give it to Houstonians and Texans, they come back fast and hard. Florida probably is wild because it was East Coast, West Coast, East Coast, West Coast. That hurricane couldn't make up its mind where it was going to hit. But the reality, it does slow traffic and sales. Florida is back a little bit more normal. I think Houston took a little bit longer to get back to normal given the amount of devastation there. Vegas, we were having a great September in Las Vegas, great. I think that's going to take some time. What happened there is horrific. But we'll see. It's so hard to predict, but these things, they don't just snap back day one. It does take time for people to get in their normal pattern. And I don't blame them, frankly. They've got other things to worry about.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, I agree. Okay, thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with UBS. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. David or Rick, going back to your watch list and some questions about that, I was hoping that your early read on whether 2018 will be a better or worse year for store closures and bankruptcies based on what you've seen with tenants dropping off the watch list and reselling this year.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Look, I know we all want to talk about 2018. As you know, we don't talk about 2018 till our year is done. You're more than welcome if you would like next week, you can come to Indianapolis, spend. We go through space by space 200 properties, so it's mind-numbing. But we're doing our business plan for next year. If you want to burn a day or two or three or four or a weekend, come on in. We'll show you how we run the business. But we'll tell you about 2018 when we tell you about 2018. All I can tell you is that we've got a great real estate operating model that has historically worked over many years and many cycles. We've weathered lots of storms one way or another. We'd certainly love a better natural retail environment. It's not quite there, it was headed there. We'd like a more stable retailer environment. We're diversifying away from the have-nots to the haves. That takes time, but you can't duplicate our real estate. You can't duplicate our balance sheet. You can't duplicate the fact that this company can operate across this country as well as in many parts of the world. And we put it all together. We put it in a blender. We pull the right triggers, and lo and behold, we grow our earnings, and that's what we're all about. I don't expect 2018 to be any different than the history, but I've got the next two, three weeks of planning for the execution of 2018. But like I said, we planned for 2017. We're doing a good job in 2017. We're overcoming a lot. Whether it's retailer bankruptcies, natural disasters, changing market conditions, we did the same thing in 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011, 2010, even in 2009. It is what it is.
Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate that. And then just going back to that second question, going back to re-leasing spreads, which I know is one of your favorite topics, you talked about the NOI spreads getting better, value weighted spreads getting better this quarter, yet the ones on page 23 of the supplemental, that spread got a bit worse this quarter versus last year.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think that's a simple  the simple thing is that we had more. We put everything in there, so we had more box deals, so that tends to damper down the spread for the entire portfolio as opposed to the ones that don't have as much box activity in the NOI weighted. It's as simple as that. It's not always like that, but...
Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And you  but just  yeah. No. Yeah. Just to be clear here though. If we're thinking about the impact to your cash, same-store NOI, are the numbers, the spreads that are on page 23 more important or the ones that you're citing on the NOI weighted spreads?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Look, the reality is there's so much that goes into NOI spreads is just one element of it. So, I think, you put it all in the blender, and  look, we've been operating with our NOI with the strong dollar with our overage rent down significantly, yet we've produced pretty damn good NOI  comp NOI number growth. So there's so much that goes into it that it's hard. I would tend to look at  if I had to look at it, it's probably more important to look across the board, but they're both metrics for you to Q1. I don't  honestly, I've never run my business for metrics other than one, and guess what that is?
Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC: It's dividend growth.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, no, no, no. Cash flow growth, okay. Okay.
Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: That's the only metric I worried about, okay. So it is what it is. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Tsai with Barclays. Your line is open.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. On Puerto Rico, sorry if I missed this, what's the basis point impact of Puerto Rico on SS NOI in the fourth quarter?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, it's $0.03 FFO all-in because we don't anticipate any BI and/or those centers right now to be opened by the end of the fourth quarter. But they might be, but we don't anticipate it.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So you wouldn't quantify it from a basis point impact on SS NOI?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, it's less than one  it's out of NOI. It's completely out. There is no NOI that we're going to be booking in the fourth quarter. Is that your question?
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Well, okay. I guess maybe from an NOI impact, what would it have been? Or how much is the take away?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Less than 1% essentially.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then in your lease negotiations with some of the retailers that have been challenged, if you look at you've handled them this year, I realized that's retailer by retailer and location by location. But are there any takeaways you can share from this process on how you might approach the leases that are coming up for renewal next year?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It really  I think, you answered it best. It really is space by space, retailer by retailer. I mean, I think, we really don't  we do across the board account, client-oriented leasing as you might imagine, but it is space-by-space, lease-by-lease.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: And I would also tell you that, we're already working very significantly on next year's activity and we can evaluate now where we think market rents are going to be for the spaces coming up and we're doing everything that we can to have alternative users. So we'll have incremental bargaining power in that renewal process. If we don't get a rent we like, that tenant is going to be gone and we're going to bring in a new more productive tenant that's going to pay us more rent.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So, a couple. First, I guess David, the percentage of NOI from U.S. malls has continue to drift down over the last couple years, the spin of WPG a few years back certainly accelerated a piece of that. But now you're at below 50% for the first time in your corporate history, so I'm curious what you think the right balance of U.S. mall exposure is going forward in light of the new retail paradigm. And then also as part of that, curious if you're seeing any interesting acquisition opportunities out there. Anything that might be  that might fit your quality spectrum and are you sensing any change in the psyche of any of the owners of those quality assets?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, on the last question, not really. We're really not looking externally to  if we get approached, we'll certainly consider something but we're actually not looking that much externally. As you know, the big focus has been on the redevelopment, new development and that continues to take up most of our time. Look, I don't  we're not running away from  I just simply  the math is the math. The opportunities are the opportunities. The fact that we  we have always considered ourselves as a retail real estate company. I think, as things have changed, we now consider ourselves as a  we're going to have more mixed use opportunities. So that's going to change the mix a little bit on the margin, but we're not running away from the mall business, or running away from the U.S. business because literally, we look at opportunities, so granular. Like the previous question about how you look at leasing, it's space by space, mall by mall. I mean that's how we look at the opportunity set that we have here. And because of that, we may  the U.S. may go down  U.S. malls may go down, but it's really because we saw opportunities elsewhere not because we're running from the mall business. We went in the outlet business in 1998, and I made a  we built  it's a funny story if you got a minute. We built a mall for $4 million of equity in Orlando. It shows you how just stupid I am. But at the same time, we spent this money on the Internet and we lost  remember  by the way, we were ahead of our time. Some of this stuff today probably will be worth $100 billion, but okay. But we made some mistakes. I think, we had a $30 million write-off back in  around that period of time. And I  we built that outlet mall in Orlando. I had $4 million of equity. I look  I think of my  what's our return on equity. David Bloom at Chelsea at that time came to me and said he wanted to own 100% of Orlando, and I go, well, not really. But he said, no, I'll give you $40 million for it. And so that was a 10x in about a year, which even the smartest private equity or venture capital guys like 10x in a year. I said, okay. Little did I know, in 2004, I'd buy it back at a number even greater than that. But the point is we like to go where the opportunities are. We bought Klepierre in 2010 when the euro was going to be disbanded. We bought it at under NAV. So that  it's more  that's more our philosophy than, boy, I want to reduce the percentage of our mall business in the U.S. to get to this number, if that helps at all, and answers your question.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Certainly does. Certainly. I appreciate the perspective. And also I guess, speaking of opportunities, I'm curious on your thoughts on JCPenney this morning. Not asking for you to comment on them specifically as a retailer. I know you don't do that. But was more curious about how you might be thinking about potentially buying back some of those boxes, maybe re-tenanting opportunities. And are there any natural expirations or store closures on the horizon that you might be concerned about?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, we really  I haven't really studied the Penney numbers, obviously. I know they weren't that good. We have confidence in JCPenney. I mean, obviously they had a  they're still recovering from the activity that occurred when they had a different shareholder base. And I have  I think that Marvin Ellison has done a very good job. We think they serve a real need to the consumer. I do think there's still unfortunately dealing with some of the traumatic events of their different shareholder base. That's taking time, but it's cash flow generating company. We'll study the number, see what they all mean, but I think they definitely have a loyal consumer base and have a business that generates operating cash flow and I don't expect anything too radical there. But I think over time, we are going to want to get some space back from the department stores and we may get some space back but it's all going to be on the margin. They don't pay any rent even at places where they pay rent. So, the opportunity to re-tenant those buildings on an accretive basis is pretty, pretty significant for us. And to the extent that they're not investing in their store and we are investing in the mall, there is a disconnect to the consumer that we hope to  potentially, we can modify that disconnect by having a better or different use. We're poised. We're focused on it. We spend a tremendous amount of time assessing what we want back, what we might give back and I think the opportunities are a lot more significant in what we want back than what we might get back.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: And just with respect to your question on their leases in 2015 and 2016, they had 14 options, all were exercised. In 2016 and 2017, they had seven; all were exercised. In 2018, they have 6, 4 have already been exercised and we expect the other 2 to be exercised. So we've not been experiencing any closures through lease actions with Penney.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Got it. Got it. Thank you for that. And one last more, if I can squeeze one in, I'm not sure if I missed it or if you didn't specifically mentioned what drove the year-over-year decline in that home and regional office costs? Is it just that you're right-sizing the organization given the smaller asset base and does that flow through same-store NOI? Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No. Primarily, the reduction in our incentive comp and LTIP primarily.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Got it. And then, is it  thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I mean, we're really not reducing, I mean  we're really not reducing any kind of overhead on that kind of base. So we're just  you get us for a cheaper price. Some may think that's good; some may think that's bad. But it is what it is. As I've said...
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We're always down.
[00330F-E Steve Hilton: We're on sale, so good point.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: I agree, I agree. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good point.
Operator: Our next question comes is from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys, and given that my family is from Kentucky, I can assure you in the end it's not that far out there.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: All right.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. I want to talk a little bit about your same-store NOI. I'll preface this. I know you focus on cash flow and you look  we do as well. But how much do you think that same-store NOI might be being helped or might be helped by the development pipeline? The development pipeline obviously looks like it's a really big growth engine for you now and you started putting dollars in there...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's not in the comp NOI number, so until it's open for a year.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right. And, David, what I was trying to think about was last year, you put up 2.2% in 3Q 2016 prior to...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Let me just reinforce this  and I've made this statement, Rich, historically, we do not look at our comp NOI on a quarterly basis. We do not look at that. Never have, never will. We look at it over a year. We told the market that we hope to do 3%. I think that's without lease settlement income, without new development, kind of a pure number, and we're on our way to do at least that. And for that, given all the complexity in the world today, that's pretty good. That's what I focus on. I do not focus on third quarter number. I don't focus on the second quarter number. We give you the facts. We tell you and we look at it on holistic year basis because when overage rent comes in and out, it's variable, it's when they hit it, they could hit it in the third quarter, they could hit it in the fourth quarter. Third quarter tends to be the lower end of our comp, if you're Interested in that, I don't really look at that. I don't know what else I can tell you other than how I think about it, and that's how I think about it, okay?
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. So let me ask the question maybe a little bit different way. 3% same-store NOI guide for the year. I think at midpoint, how much do you think your development pipeline is influencing that versus your core portfolio, or is that just not something that...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I answered that. That's not in the number. Okay?
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you. It's all in the 8-K. You can see the components of comp NOI, and you can see the other new development which is not in the comp NOI. We've made that clear for a long period of time. Okay?
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I'm curious. You guys produce obviously a lot of cash. You've been talking about that today. But you didn't repurchase shares in this quarter. Can you speak more broadly about how you're thinking about capital allocation in the next 12 to 24 months, and do you think you'll be using a greater share of your capital for redevelopment and expansions and where do repurchases factor into that?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: You probably were bored, which I don't blame you, right? We answered that question earlier, which is basically we've been  because of some of these mixed-use opportunities like King of Prussia that I've mentioned before, we think our redevelopment pipeline is going to potentially increase. So we're being very judicious on that. In addition, the more I think about it, I just love raising this dividend 10% per year because the cost to carry on that is increasing. And I think that's more meaningful to long-term investors than episodic buybacks here and there. But it's in our arsenal. It's in our capital toolbox. We'll take it a step at a time. But we've got some really big mixed use opportunities and I just love having a powerful balance sheet. I just can't tell you how it excites me every morning.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess I should have asked it differently. I guess the question is it's not off the table then.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's never off the table, no. We have authorization and it's ready to go to work if in fact we're ready to go. And I would take that authorization seriously. Otherwise, we wouldn't have it.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And maybe this is a joint one for you and Rick. But I'm curious how are lease terms evolving in this environment and specifically around percentage of rents because frankly, I'm wondering if you think landlords get a fair shake on the accounting for retail sales because it strikes me that given the way consumers shop today, buying online, maybe returning in store, the reporting optics maybe favor the online channel of a retailer versus the bricks-and-mortar, and I'm just curious if you think leases need to adapt for that.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Our leases are very well positioned to cover that point, and we are very focused on making sure that all the sales that are required to be reported under our leases are being reported.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Jeff, I will tell you this. And I think you point out a really important point is that we are absolutely unequivocally underreporting sales. We can only give you what we get from the retailers. But we've done enough work to know that there is an issue there and I think our sales that we report to you would be higher even  and we have very interesting leases that deal with the point that Rick is making. But I am absolutely convinced that our productivity is much higher than what's being reported, even though the lease requires them to do so. So I don't want to get into that, it's a complicated matter, but what you point out is very, very interesting. Now the market rewards  let's face it, the market rewards an online sale more importantly than it does a brick-and-mortar, so the market is trying to get retailers. The retailers would rather prefer an online sale to a bricks-and-mortar regardless of the possibility. But it's a very interesting point. And I will tell you today, in my humble opinion, there is absolutely an underreporting going on. But I don't want to say anything other than that. Okay?
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Understood. Do you think they have the systems? Most retailers have the systems to be able to handle whatever the new form of reporting would be? Like you said, they don't really have an incentive to adapt. But again, I'm just curious of these new leases you talk about, if you think they could be more broad-based in the future?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Generally, they know what they should be reporting, I would say so. And again, I want to leave it at that. Let's leave it at that. It's a good point. But I will tell, I do think it's safe to say that the numbers we have are underreported, absolutely underreported. It's a very astute point. And by the way, we're not giving that up on future leases. So because it's all melding, but you bring up a very interesting point, and I prefer not to talk about it after this.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. I have just one last question. I'm just curious. I'm sure in this environment you've been contacted by private capital sources maybe to look at JV-ing properties and whatnot. What sort of returns do you think they are looking for when they approach you guys? Are you able to speak to that?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I'm not sure. To do something new or to buy? I'm not sure I...
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: To buy interest in your existing properties.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We've had this discussion. I'm not really  I don't  that doesn't do much for us. So it's not something we really are pursuing.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Spector - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning, thanks. And sorry to you longer today, but just a couple follow-up questions. On the department stores, just given overhang on the stocks, on the mall stocks, are you seeing any initiatives that you're more positive on, or anything you could share from what you're hearing from your mall managers on some of the things we're reading about or seeing, because I would have thought, given your dominant properties, a lot of these initiatives would be occurring in your properties at those department stores.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: That's a big question. Look, I don't want to really get in too much about having a discussion with our clients. Look, I think ambiance, service, speed of execution is really important in today's consumer-oriented focus. I do think there are things that can be done at the store level that will improve that. I think as simple as a fast checkout at a store would improve sales and productivity dramatically. And there has been a huge focus on technology investment towards their online activities. I'd love for that to shift towards the store environment, because that's a real advantage. And I think if they did that in a more comprehensive way, whether through checkouts, service, styling. There are so many things you can do today, much like Apple does when you go to their store and town squares. If the focus were to shift a little bit there, I think they would see a pickup in their in-store sales environment. And it's all over the board, Jeff, frankly. I do think it could improve. And just like what we need to do, we need to improve our in-store experience on the stuff that we can -the in-mall experience on the stuff that we can control. So I think it needs to be a greater focus. It's around the edges. I'd like a little shift in that, but we'll see if that happens.
Jeffrey Spector - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then another follow-up. Just listening to the comments on mixed-use earlier in the week, we received a lot of questions on the WeWork and L&T purchase, upper levels and...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Right.
Jeffrey Spector - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Rick and I were thinking okay, that's just a unique situation. Maybe there are a few other properties like that in the country. But I'm listening to your mixed-use comments. Do you think that a WeWork type of format, do you see that entering suburban malls or your malls, or that's not what you're talking about?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No, that's included in what we're talking about. Just so you know, we did a WeWork steal in Clearfork in Fort Worth, Texas. So no, I do think that environment will absolutely accelerate in the  again, I don't know that I would call these suburban. It's where the good demographic people live outside an urban area. There are still 330 million people, okay.
Jeffrey Spector - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Urban and suburban.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. I know New York City and San Francisco is urban environment, but there are lots of places outside of those where people live and work and play and be entertained. So the answer is yes, I expect us to do more and more with WeWork both directly like we did at Clearfork and through our relationship with Lord & Taylor. We know those guys. We like them. I've spent time with them. They're very creative. Both companies are very creative. L&T or HBC in that case as well as WeWork, good people too. I like them.
Jeffrey Spector - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then my last question, I was just curious with the Amazon-Whole Foods merger. Are you more or less interested in adding grocers to your malls?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No real chain. Chain, I think we've always liked it where it made sense for both parties, and the Amazon acquisition of Whole Foods doesn't change our thinking. I don't know if it's changed their thinking, Whole Foods' thinking, but it certainly hasn't changed our thinking. We'd love to have them in the properties where it makes sense for them and for us.
Jeffrey Spector - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks so much.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is open.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just regarding The Edit @ Roosevelt Field, how are you connecting with and choosing these digitally borne concepts to participate in this effort? How are you leveraging your venture capital business in this? And is there a plan to roll this out further to more of your centers as you think about this as an incubator for new retailers?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: The answer is absolutely. Assuming this has legs, this will be rolled out throughout our network, and you have to look at our platform as a network and this will absolutely roll out. The great news is we've got a team dedicated to up-and-coming new retailers that may start digitally and then go online. Like MeUndies is a good example of that where we're opening a pop-up store in Stanford. So we have a team wholly dedicated to that. We also appear here which is a network where we're both an investor and a player. They actually started in London and have a number of  basically a platform that connects real estate owners with brands that want access to a portfolio in a very seamless way. They've also been instrumental in identifying up and coming retailers or concepts. And so, it's a big effort on us to do that. And not only that but also lease, not just through what we're doing at The Edit, but also through just normal deals like the UNTUCKits of the world. I mean there's a lot of that new business out there that is exciting for us because we are bringing in the up and coming retailers or food operators that know how to connect directly through the consumer, but also have a little different spin on how they connect with the consumer in the in-store environment. I think they're very smart, digitally savvy, speaks to Millennials, we love them as part of our platform and our properties.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then just given the natural seasonality of retailer income, how should we be thinking about the impact of Aeropostale, the Aeropostale investment in Q4? So what's in your guidance?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, we don't break out that. It's in our guidance. We're pleased with the business. We bought it very  we're weighing the money. They're performing according to plan. I don't give out quarterly numbers, but there's a little more volatility in the fourth quarter like a lot of retailers, even tech companies have a lot of volatility in the fourth quarter. There's a little bit more of that than what we have, since it's our first fourth quarter. Let's see what goes on. But we're weighing the money. We basically bought in at one time's cash flow. I kind of like those deals. If you have a few more of those, send them my way.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, David. It's Michael. If we can just come back to the professional fees and other, it's like a $34 million, $35 million increase in the quarter. I thought the settlement on Woodbury was just under $1 million. So that would be a hell of a lot of legal hours even at $1,000 an hour. So can you just break out just the big chunks of that $35 million because it's not an inconsequential number and I think (1:23:16).
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I think it's actually almost irrelevant because it's a one-time number and it is what it is, okay. So I'd actually argue that there's no reason to focus on it because it's out of the ordinary and it's not going repeat. And unfortunately, this is a very expensive scenario that we have to deal with. The fee was nominal which reinforces what we  the fact that we, again, we made an announcement how we felt about it. I don't need to relive that. It's behind us. And so I'd actually argue the opposite of that just like the Seritage sale. It goes through the numbers but I wouldn't count  we're not going to replicate that gain either.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Right. I didn't know where it was coming from. That was just all legal expenses (1:24:22).
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We have other things that run through that. We actually had a write-off. And again, not to get in minutia but we actually also took a write-off in one of our European outlet development projects that also flow through that, that's a one-time number, but the delta is one-time including that write-off, okay? So that's the important message to send here, okay? I wouldn't worry about it too much. I mean I don't like it. Believe me, I don't like it. I'm not happy with it.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: It's a big number, right? It's a big number, but...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I'm not happy with it, but like I said, we had a European development deal with McArthurGlen that flows through that other number as well.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: But it's non-repeating, and I appreciate your question. It's non-repeating. It's out of the ordinary. And that's all I can really add to it.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. No worries.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. We've exhausted everyone including myself, and for that, please join us next week as we go through space-by-space. Rick Sokolov will set up the appointments, and have a great weekend.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does complete the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc. David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc. Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.
Analysts: Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc. Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Simon Property Group Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you, Abigail. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We had a very productive quarter and are pleased with our impressive financial results. We started, completed and opened several significant new development and redevelopment projects that will further enhance our portfolio. We successfully executed several capital market transactions, extending our average term and reducing our weighted average interest cost. And most importantly, we continue to achieve impressive operating and financial results. Results in the quarter were highlighted by funds from operation of $2.47 per share, which included a $0.36 charge for the early redemption of our 5.65% notes. On a comparable basis, excluding the debt charge, FFO per share was $2.83 and increased 7.6% year-over-year. We continue to report solid operating metrics and grow our cash flow. Our mall and premium outlets occupancy ended the quarter at 95.2%, a decrease of 40 basis points compared to occupancy at the end of the first quarter. Tenant bankruptcies processed during the second quarter for retailers including, but not limited to, Rue 21, Payless, BCBG and BB impacted our occupancy by approximately 100 basis points. Leasing activity remained solid. Average base rent was $52.10, up 3.3% compared to last year, reflecting strong retailer demand. And for our locations, the malls and the premium outlets recorded leasing spreads of $8.13 per square foot, which was an increase of 12.9%. Reported retailer sales per square foot for our malls and outlets was $618 compared to $607 in the prior-year period, an increase of 1.8%. And for those of you interested in how our international centers are performing, we reported retailer sales were up across the portfolio. Total portfolio NOI increased 5% or more than $70 million for the second quarter and more than $150 million year-to-date comp NOI increased 4.4% for the quarter. And as a reminder, we do not include lease settlement income in our comp NOI. On an NOI-weighted basis, our operating metrics were as follows. Reported retailer sales on an NOI-weighted basis was $770. Average base minimum rent was $68. Leasing spreads would have been 14.1%. These metrics demonstrate the health of our portfolio. The type of operating metrics and returns I mentioned are the result of disciplined investments and focus on our operations. At the end of the second quarter, redevelopment expansion projects were ongoing in 25 properties across all three of our platforms, with our share of net cost at approximately $1 billion. We completed the Galleria in Houston in the second quarter and opened up the former Saks space for a small shop, tenants and restaurants. Construction continues on several major redevelopment expansion projects at some of our most productive projects, including La Plaza, The Shops at Riverside, Aventura, Allen Premium Outlets. We expect most of these to open within the next 12 months. On new development, we had another busy quarter, opening four new outlets, three international; Provence, France; Siheung, Seoul, South Korea; Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia; and, of course, we love the U.S., one in Northbrook, Virginia. Construction continues in our mixed-use development in Fort Worth at The Shops at Clearfork, which will open in the fall of this year. We also commenced construction on a new premium outlet center on the north side of Denver, scheduled to open in September of 2018. Klpierre, as you know, reported strong financial results last week. They are positioned well to continue to capitalize on the strength in the Europe, improving economic conditions and increasing consumer spending. Now, quickly on the balance sheet. Another active quarter. We completed a dual-tranche senior offering, a total of $1.35 billion with a weighted average coupon of just over 3% and weighted average term of 7.8 years. We completed the two early redemptions of our senior notes totaling $1.85 billion. And during the quarter, we closed six mortgage loans totaling $1.1 billion, of which our share is $573 million with a weighted average interest rate of approximately 3.5% and a term of 8 years. And during the quarter, we repurchased 1.5 billion shares of common stock for $244 million. Our current liquidity is more than $6.5 billion. We also increased our dividend for this quarter to $1.80 per share, a year-over-year increase of 9.1% and a 3% increase from the second quarter of 2017. We will pay at least $7.10 for the year of 2017, which is an increase of 9% compared to last year of $6.50 last year. So, we also raised our guidance to a range of $11.14 to $11.22 of FFO per share. This  the midpoint of this range is an increase of $0.04 from our prior-year guidance after giving effect to the charge relating to the debt extinguishment of $0.36. Finally, to conclude, while we don't like to promote, we would like to remind those investors who are interested, we produced yet another quarter of impressive results and operating metrics. There is no company in our industry that has our breadth and quality real estate is as diversified by type of retail real estate and as active in the mixed-use development of real estate and has built and operated successfully in Europe and Asia, has consistently increased earnings cash flow and dividends, has the access to capital with an A-rated balance sheet or as innovative in terms of operations, including connecting with the consumer in deal making from retail to entertainment to venture capital or various corporate transactions like we have. We're now ready for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. Given the re-leasing you're doing in the face of this challenging retail market, are you starting to decrease your exposure to apparel?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yes. Rick?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Let me just give you a couple of metrics. Literally, our apparel now is down to the low-40% as an allocation of our GLA. More importantly, when you look at our new deals over the years, (09:52) we're literally having almost 20% less in terms of allocated to the apparel and shoes and food services, allocated is going up substantially.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And the new tenants coming in, are they able to match or even perhaps beat the rents that the exiting apparel guys are paying?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Absolutely. As you see in our spreads and our average base rent increases, we're able to continue to drive our growth in rents.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Now, I would just add, Craig, the list of new tenants is as interesting as we've seen in quite some time. If you would like, Rick is absolutely prepared and, in fact, excited...
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Enthusiastic.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: To give you the list. However, that's entirely up to you. But I...
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I would love to hear the list.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. I will tell you that it  from restaurants to new retail concepts, to e-commerce, to street, to malls, there's a lot going on. Now, Rick, without further ado, without further ado, please, please list off some of the ones that we're talking to and in fact doing some business with.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: And these are all tenants that we have in fact executed leases with and are opening stores in both our mall portfolio and our premium outlet portfolio. In the mall, UNTUCKit, Eloquii, b8ta, Peloton, Juice Generation, thredUP, Tommy John, Indochino, Flying Tiger, Calzedonia, Muji, Deavaley (11:34) Rituals. And these are from international, and Shinola, Nespresso. We've got  and frankly, I could keep going for another 15. On the premium side, we literally have Dockers, Cody, Basler, Hackett, Havaianas, Hickey Freeman, Karl Lagerfeld, Schua, (11:55) Lafayette 148, Marmo...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I told you, once you get him started, it may never...
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: And frankly, I could go on for another 30 names. The important message is, these properties are vibrant, there is a lot of demand and we're able to execute leases that are growing our rents.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just one last thing for me. Just maybe some commentary on the Mills, the leasing spread of up 24.9% what's driving that?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We frankly have done a very good job of bringing over to the Mills both our full-price mall tenants and our premium outlet tenants. So, the Mills now encompasses value retailers, full-price retailers, off-price retailers and they're very vibrant environments.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. The sales there have done very well. We've added a lot of restaurants. It's just been a very good, solid business for us.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is open.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: David, I think your prior same-store NOI growth forecast was 3%. You've now trended well above that in the first half, so it would indicate a deceleration in the second half. Has that forecast changed at all, given the year-to-date performance above that level and in the context of the current retail environment? And to what extent did maybe expense controls contribute to that pace?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well. Christy, we don't  our industry gives out a lot of information, as you know, lot of operating metrics. We have always taken the position where we don't update our comp NOI. Obviously, if we didn't feel like we could hit the number that we give at the beginning of the year, we would tell you. But we don't update it every quarter. We have  we're not going to get into that issue, but we're always trying to outperform the guidance that we give to you and we'll see how it goes. We are  have a little more volatility maybe than some other folks because of our overage rent given our tourism properties, and that's trending in the right direction. We love the dollar weakening. But we got a year to operate, and we'll see where the number is. The most important thing is, if we felt like we weren't going to hit the number that we told you from the start, we would tell you.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then, just given all of the list of retailers, there appears to be a lot of still demand for space. How are you thinking about in this environment with more store closings, but in the context that there is still demand? How are you thinking about  in your conversations with retailers around store closings versus providing rent relief, how are you thinking about rent relief versus just letting those stores close?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, look, I think if I could take a step back and just talk about the company in a sense, I mean, we  Rick and I are like, I mean, we're  I hate to say it, but we're like really experienced in tougher times, okay? We actually do our best work in tougher times. I think a lot of that is because we have the judgment of when to fish or cut bait, when to help a person restructure, when not. A lot of these are judgment calls. But as you know, I mean, we have always more or less outperformed when all boats aren't rising with the tide. So, that's what we do. I will tell you it's not a very fun environment. We're working extra hard. We're pounding the pavement more than ever. We got to go get deals. We got to figure out. We got to restructure some. We got to do all that. It all goes into a blender. We'll use the best judgment we can. And hopefully, we make the right decision. Some of which we do a lot of times. But sometimes, we make the wrong decisions. We operate historically. And we can go through chapter and verse, but we operate historically when things are a little bit rocky at the very best of our industry, and that's what we're all about. So, there's no set answer. Every situation is case by case. I'd rather it we weren't dealing with this environment but we are, so we just deal with it head on, do the best we can. But I think we'll be leading the charge within our own industry.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Just maybe a follow-up question on that and tying it into (17:06) results. I was just curious if you guys are using more short-term leases at this point in the cycle.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I think that basically is a case by case basis. In this kind of environment, you do tend to do a little bit shorter-term deals because you are betting that the market or the environment will get better, but I wouldn't call it dramatically different. Less than 1% of what maybe our volume is in that category. But again, these are judgment calls. It makes all the sense in the world, frankly, in a lot of cases to do short-term deals, if you feel like the environment's going to get better. I know, in my own personal view, I could be wrong. But I do think that our environment is going to get better. But that's just my instinct. I would not necessarily bank on it but  so, in that case, I think doing short-term deals makes  it could make sense. But a lot of that is also  the thing about us is that we make the  unbelievably, given the size of portfolio, but we make decisions space by space, mall by mall, retailer by retailer. We put it. And so, every  we just don't  it's just not like, okay, you stamp it out. It's every deal is a little bit different, and that's where our judgment historically has at least allowed us to do okay in the tough environment.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, maybe going back to an earlier comment that you made out liking the softening dollar as it relates to tourism. I was just curious if you could comment on what, if any, benefit that had on 2Q FFO results, as well as the updated outlook.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think it stabilized some of our tourism properties. But it hasn't had what I'd call  I haven't really seen it big time yet. But we had a real benefit. We've been  I mean, we've been, as you know, for the last two years we have, as remarkable as our growth has been and industry leading. We have had an Achilles heel of a strong dollar and a reduction in tourism spend. So, again, you have to put that in perspective. I know we're a little bit bigger company. I know we all want to get granular to the last detail. I assure you, we do run that way. We have a lot of moving parts, and we've been suffering from that. And if we get to the point of stabilization and, in fact, an increase in tourism spend, I think, that's really good for us. But I think it's too early to call that yet.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Good morning, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: I was just curious. Obviously, you guys had a very strong comp NOI number in the quarter. And I'm just curious. The occupancy decline that you incurred sequentially, was that mostly kind of an end-of-period sort of occupancy decline, or did that occupancy hit kind of happens throughout the quarter and that quarterly run rate is a bit more of a normalized number? Should we look for a little bit of a step-down in the Q3?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, a step-down in occupancy or comp NOI...
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: A step-down in the kind of run rate of NOI going from Q2 into Q3.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We don't  as I said to you earlier, we gave you our view of what our comp NOI will be at the beginning of the year. We do not update it quarterly. I don't think we should ever get in that business. I think, when you look at our business, you got to look a little bit long term not quarter-by-quarter. If for some reason we felt like we weren't going to hit what we told you at the beginning of the year, obviously, we would tell you that. We're not in that position. And the reality is that the occupancy dropped because, as I said in my prepared remarks, we flushed through various bankruptcies. We still have more to do and we  some of these things are negotiated as we speak. As an example, you've got Gymboree, which is in bankruptcy. We're negotiating now. Those things have deltas. The good news about our company is the size, the different avenues of growth, the different levels of real estate, the different product type, the international exposure, the way  the other step that we're going on and we'll be able to manage that, and we're  we haven't backed off our comp NOI. But we do not, Steve, do it by quarter. I'm sorry to inform you that. But as you know, that's been our  as far as I know, I don't think we'll update our guidance every quarter, but there's a lot that goes in that, but we don't update comp NOI guidance.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: That's fine, David. I wasn't looking for an updated number. I was just trying to get a sense as to where the occupancy fell and when the shortfall kind of came. It was end of quarter, beginning of quarter, but we'll...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I mean, I really don't know. But I'd say  and Steve Broadwater is here. He's telling me throughout the quarter.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: Okay.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay?
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah. And I guess, maybe a question for you or Rick. When you just sort of look at kind of your watch list, and we've obviously had a lot of tenants that have either restructured leases or filed for bankruptcy, how would you sort of characterize kind of the length of the watch list in terms of stores today versus maybe six months and a year ago?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, look, I mean, there are still others out there. But we're dealing with what I'd call the material, bigger accounts now as we speak. So, I'm not ready to call it my Ben Crenshaw moment. I don't know if you play golf. Do you play golf, Steve?
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: I do.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. So, remember, Ben Crenshaw at the Ryder Cup, when the U.S. was down and they had that feeling, I'm not ready to call it my Ben Crenshaw moment. But what we're dealing with some of these troubled guys. I would  it's very interesting. A publication just wrote about kind of the biggest problem in that area. As you know, I wrote about it in my shareholder letter in 2015 that I saw the handwriting on the wall from some of these leveraged retailers, can't have too much leverage in any business frankly, let alone the retail business. You're talking to a guy that has done workouts in the early 1990s. Rick is a workout guy, too. We're  I think we're getting through most of it, but there are still some out there that may or may not hitch.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. The only other point I would make and it's really lost in a lot of the dialog by the by Payless, Rue, Gymboree are all restructuring, all of those lenders are converting their debt to equity and they're going to emerge with very substantial retailers with much better balance sheet. You compare that in 2009 where the REIT creditors did not have the confidence in the sector, and they were taking a liquidation bid instead of restructuring and that seems to be missed in all of the other conversation out there.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And I guess, just last question. As you guys think about kind of future redevelopment opportunities, has anything really changed in terms of kind of the taste or the ability to get some of the newer, larger redevelopments kind of underway at this point?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Not really. I mean, obviously, the big potential pipe that we're  will happen is the big department store recapture. We're being very methodical about it. We are being very focused on paying the right price for the real estate. We're also very focused on how we manage it internally in terms of resources. But that pipeline will be big. It will be material. It will be beneficial to our real estate, but we're going to be reasonably methodical about it.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thanks. That's it for me.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you. Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Hey. Good morning out there. So, two questions. The first one is, in thinking about Ascena and other brands like that, how often are you guys surprised about which retailers either declare bankruptcy or which  or if a retailer just wants to close stores, which stores they actually close? Do you guys find that you generally have a pretty good read on it, or do the retailers sometimes surprise you?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I don't want to comment about any one particular retailer. But generally, if a retailer is in bankruptcy, obviously, that gives them flexibility to basically cancel the lease. We kind of know. I mean, it's not  it's  sometimes, we're surprised. Obviously, there's a lot of games of chicken played. They hire workout guys that are meaner and tougher than Rick. We have stare downs. But you more or less know, in bankruptcy, kind of what's going to shake out.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. And then, the second question is, in last quarter's earnings calls, your  one of the bigger peers said they want to explore options. Obviously, if nothing happens, how do we interpret that as anything other than sort of not good for retail outlook or mall value? So, if nothing happens, do we say like, hey, retail is actually going to get a lot tougher or malls aren't worth what we think they are? Or is there a way to think of it in a different way?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I'm not really going to answer that question, okay? So, that's  we're very focused on what we're doing. I'm not going to really get into that debate, Alex. I'm sorry. And we're  that question is better addressed not to us.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. I appreciate that, David. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No worries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: On your same-store NOI growth rate of 4.4% in 2Q, I think this was stronger than the market was expecting, which is encouraging, especially considering GDP growth was maybe 2%. But people often talk about differences by quality. And it seems, just looking at the results and what you guys quoted versus other retail peers, that portfolio mix including property type is becoming important. So, I was just wondering if you could discuss to what extent you see levels of strength vary by mall versus outlets versus mills or if it's by region or help us otherwise try to understand what could be differentiating the Simon portfolio.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I do think property type plays a role into that, for sure. I mean, there's no question about that. But I also think the depth and breadth of the organization plays a role in that as well. And I think we're an important vendor to a lot of retailers because we have good real estate where they make money and we do a lot of things to improve the portfolio. We're doing a lot of stuff on the marketing front to drive traffic. We're here to help our retailers with all sorts of programs. I'm always somewhat surprised on the ones that do participate and others that don't. We can help drive traffic to their store. But I think it's just part of  we've  I would say we've pretty much outperformed year-over-year. I'm looking at Steve and Tom. They can give you the numbers. But we pretty much always had really leading comp NOI growth, so it doesn't surprise me that we're leaving the pack again this year, including the strip center guys. We're  we've outperformed them as well. So, I don't know. I just  it's just something that we take pride in. There is no guarantee that we'll continue to do that. But it's  that's what we've done historically in terms of strip centers, malls, retail or whatever.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, along those lines, again, the 2Q result was pretty impressive. I was wondering though, if you look at your income statement, and I totally get that this is consolidated and it doesn't include JVs, revenues rose 3.5% year-over-year in the quarter and expenses were up 2.9%. And when you get outside of malls, other sectors regularly break out same-store NOI between revenue and expense. So, I was just wondering if you could give any color on how the two lines, revenues and expenses, would look for Simon.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I mean, the  I think part of the issue is that we've consolidated some assets with our European outlet business. So, you're seeing a little bit of that in terms of the revenue growth. Now, on the other hand, expenses there, they don't operate probably at quite the margin we do. But there is no  we are such a size (32:12) that there's just nothing that you're going to point to that's that out of the ordinary. And we try to run very efficiently. I mean, we kind of knew, as you know, what we did on the corporate G&A front. We knew this was going to be a tough year. Rick and I and a few other executives are taking some reductions in comp. We just think it's a right thing to do in this environment. So  but the one thing that we will not do is run these properties so that they are not  we think of our real estate as hotels. And that's not to say we perform this. But if we  we have to have a good product, and the product has to feel good to the consumer, and we're not skipping on that side as well. But you had some movement...
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We had some movement in these numbers from what's consolidated and what's in the JV and some portfolio movement which my guess is more of the answer to your question than anything else.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, just last one. Would you say, on NOI, it's fair to think that margin is continuing to expand?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We're focused on it. We're not miracle workers.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Could you talk a little bit about your views on usage of CapEx to close on deals and, more in particular, if there is any noticeable trend in the CapEx you're using for new rental value that's on a percentage basis, if there is any noticeable trends going forward?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: This is Rick. There is absolutely none. If you go back over the years, our TA per foot has been in a very tight range, and it remains in that range for this quarter.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, okay. It's hard to kind of account for the timing of when you spend the CapEx which is why I asked that question. And...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Did you  I think you broke up there. Could you restate what you just said? I'm sorry.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I just said sometimes it's hard to triangulate and to account for the timing when you spend the CapEx versus when you're doing lease  doing new leases.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well  but again, CapEx is  yeah. We show you our tenant allowance number, okay? CapEx is basically associated with redevelopments in the portfolio or new developments. So just want you to understand it kind of  if it's a tenant allowance, that shows up as outlined in our 8-K, okay?
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And second question. In 2016, you guys capitalized internal leasing costs of about $49 million, still a very efficient number compared to the size of your company. But just going forward, I was wondering if you had any thoughts on the new accounting rules that are coming out that might require you to expense most of that.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. Well, we're going to follow GAAP. So, it is what it is.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So, do you actually have an estimate of that $49 million? Is most of that going to be expensed or a portion?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Not at this  when it comes into force in 2019. In 2019, we'll give you that number. But we don't at this point. But I'm sure our number will be comparable to anybody else's.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Morgan with Canaccord. Your line is open.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Good morning. On the store openings that you talked about, Rick, at least, when you look at where some of the newer concepts are going, some of the e-commerce retailers and others, it seems a little concentrated in the kind of A-plus malls and outlet centers. And I'm wondering, as you have discussions with some of these chains as they're rolling out the first 20 or 30 stores, I mean, how do you think the pool of malls is ultimately going to be for these concepts, if they're successful? I mean, do you get conversations starting where they see themselves as potentially having 200 stores or 250 stores, or is it maybe going to be more limited than that?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, in fact, as we talk to them, it's not unusual for them, when they're opening their first store or their second store, they're going to want to do it in properties that they have the highest confidence in. But I will tell you that when you look at the e-tailers as a class, there are now over 280 stores in the United States from the pure play e-tailers that are opening stores and you go through in UNTUCKit, Warby, Bonobos, Blue Nile, Eloquii, Fabletics are all raising incremental rounds of capital that is dedicated to opening stores. So it's going to be a process, but I believe they have all recognized that having a well-positioned fleet of stores is certainly necessary and optimal for them to grow their business.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Do you think we'll see kind of this next wave  I mean, obviously, they're raising capital for this. But in your conversations with them, they're planning for sort of a deeper wave of growth within the mall space.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We've seen it. So, for example, Eloquii opened their first store. They're now opening three more with us. Blue Nile opened their first store with us. They're opening four more with us. It's going to take time, but it's absolutely happening.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think  look, I think, Paul, here's what I would say too, and Rick said it but let me just say it as well. The retailers always will tend to go, as Rick said, to the no-brainers early on. But then they realize the profitability they make and then they will grow. Depending on what kind of retailer they are, that could be 400 stores, 200 stores, 50 stores, 20 stores. The news that's important is that, in this cluttered world of trying to get people focused, we are seeing more and more brands that want to gravitate toward where traffic is, and traffic continues to be in a number of centers. And I do think, from the e-commerce folks, there is  not all, but there is a limit to attracting eyeballs online that they can't get in the physical world. Now, I mean, malls are getting a bad rap, but the reality is we see it in media, we see it in the entertainment world, we see it on the food side, we see it with the theaters, they  we see it with the fitness guys like at Life Time. They all want to congregate in the best location and where the traffic is and by and large in communities throughout the country, that's the mall. And that has not changed. So, I know the narrative might be a little bit different and I know, obviously, retail is under more pressure than it has been in the past, but I have my own theory on that, which I've explained to you in a few shareholder letters. But that's the good news here. Now, that doesn't mean that there's  you have to cycle some of the poor performers out with some of the better ones. And by the way, we've been doing this for quite some time. We all remember Woolworths or W.T. Grant or Steve Roth is on the phone doing his thing, Corvettes. I mean, you go down the list, Caldor. I mean, that's just the way it works. But between media, virtual reality folks, they want to be where the traffic is and where people want to hang out and that's by and large the kind of stuff that our industry has. Please don't lose sight of that.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thanks. My other question is just on the buyback, you continued to exercise it in the quarter. And when it came up last quarter, it seemed like you were suggesting that it is something that we should view as an ongoing kind of part of your business, at least on a leverage-neutral basis. Is there any update to that? Is it something that maybe people should think of as just, when they look at their models, something that should be incorporated on an ongoing basis?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I still think it's in our arsenal to give back capital to shareholders. Obviously, we're more focused on our dividend growth because that is testament to the cash flow that we generate from our properties. And as you know, I mean, we're going to have at least a 9.1% increase this year, which, my favorite guy, I've quoted Ben Crenshaw, now I'll move to Adam Sandler, that ain't too shabby. Okay?
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Right, all right. Great. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi. I was wondering, are the batch of newer tenants on the shop side that you've been leasing space to over the past couple years, are they taking the same-size stores as a lot of the legacy retailers that they've replaced?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Totally a function of the retailer. Some of them want a larger format like Muji. Some of them want smaller formats like Eloquii. And frankly, our job, and we've talked about this in other calls is to basically be able to manufacture space. And in our great properties, getting back space just enables us to drive our NOI by bringing in more tenants and raising revenue and raising productivity.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And I guess on the restructuring side, I think a few tenants were mentioned. I know you don't want to talk about specific tenants. But generally speaking, when you see a restructuring and these tenants come out and they're in a better financial position, are they typically doing something different on the operating side too to drive sales or it's just better overhead, better ability to pay rent. I mean, what have you generally seen over the past few years?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think the biggest issue is they don't have any debt. So, they can  I mean, without the debt, they can invest in their business. And it is a self-fulfilling prophecy. You have too much debt, you obviously have to service that debt. So, how do you service that debt? You reduce your investment in the stores or your investment in technology, you reduce the inventory in the store, right, because you can't afford to have the inventory in the store and you reduce the service. You put it all together and it is self-fulfilling, without question. And unfortunately, we've seen that. And so, the most important thing is, when they are restructured, they have  they now have the cash flow to do those three things, hopefully invest in the store, hopefully invest in more inventory, hopefully invest in better service and, to some extent, technology. So, that's the model. And unfortunately, we've seen it go in different direction. But we're hopeful that, as Rick said, we're seeing some of these folks restructure. We're here to help them within reason to do that. But it's not our fault that they're in the spot they're in. And let's not lose sight of that. We are, on the other hand, been investing in our product, we've been investing in our services, we've been investing in our marketing. We have not run from our responsibility to make these physical asset better and to communicate with the consumer directly to get them excited about seeing what we have to offer in our  in the physical world.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. That was it. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I just wanted to drill down into the numbers a little bit. It looks like you had a nice rebound in Aero this quarter, maybe $15.2 million versus the $5 million headwind last quarter. How should we think about that going forward? And, David, I know you mentioned some seasonality with Aero last quarter. Is that $15 million how we should be thinking about that going forward?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: You have to look at Aero  yeah. You can't really look at Aero quarterly. But you got  for us, we look at it annually. And obviously, the first quarter was a huge transition, a big loss which I don't think the market understood. That's why we might have been off a couple of cents or $0.02 or $0.03 in consensus. That's very normal for a retailer to have their losses early on and then start to make it back up. So, what we're seeing in Aero is exactly what we thought we would see, but we don't give quarterly guidance. I will tell you this, though. They had a  I mean  knock on wood, I mean, we're seeing very good progress at Aero and we're still comfortable with how we modeled Aero in our numbers. Our increase in guidance has nothing to do with Aero. So, we're still got in the totality of the Aero results the way we saw it at the beginning of the year. But they had a good second quarter and back-to-school is percolating. Lot of work to do there, but this is a brand that had $900 million of sales and it's got a core constituency and we think it's going to be okay.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then, maybe just one more question for me. It looks like cash NOI was up. Straight-line rents were down. Could you maybe walk us through the moving parts and how those two buckets work with each other and how we should be thinking about that going forward?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: The straight-line reduction was a function of the  if we have any straight-line receivables on our books and somebody cancels a lease through bankruptcy, we have to write it off that quarter. And that's why you saw a pretty significant decrease...
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So, not like  I'm sorry. I didn't mean to cut you off, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No, no, no. It's  basically, the vast majority of that is essentially the write-offs of the bankruptcies that we may have had on our balance sheet.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. So, not like free rent burn-off that was being put into the same-store NOI pool or anything like that, primarily bankruptcies?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No, sir. All primarily the bankruptcies. We got to write off that receivable right when the lease is rejected.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Or they go into bankruptcy.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's helpful. And then, one other quick question. It looks like interest expense went up. Is that because the buybacks went on the line of credit, or am I speaking about that correctly?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well. Yeah, I mean, it's debt in our cash flow. So, we're not necessarily borrowing...
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Just to do our buyback, we have enough cash flow to do it out of our cash flow. So, I just...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, I just  nothing major there other than we did  I think we did have a write-off on our old revolver that may have gone through the second quarter because you got some of that on the balance sheet.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We have the redemption every 30 days.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah, the redemption, which we had an extra 30 days. And then, we also have the consolidation of the certain MG assets as well. So, nothing unusual there other than a couple of consolidations and the extra time on our  extra 30 days on our redemption.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. That's it for me, guys. Thank you for the additional color.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure, no problem. Operating: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, folks. David, just given your comments on the unhealthy relationship between debt and retailing, as a derivative I guess on that business, what do you feel is the right level of debt for a retail real estate owner? And has that changed in the past year or two?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, for a real estate owner, look, I think  look, I like the spot we're in, especially if there is more volatility in the capital markets. I think we all have to be careful with too much leverage in any industry or in any business. I live through it. Rick live through it, which is good for our shareholders to know that we've got a few spurs on our boots, right? Spurs on our boots, right? That's not on our results, right? It's on our boots. But I don't want to give you specific numbers. I think every company needs to come to their own metric. We're kind of disciplined. And then, the A rating, we want to maintain that. But I think every businesses  everybody should come to their conclusion. I would hate to give you a number that's right for the industry.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And how do you think about the acquisition of Whole Foods by Amazon? I know it's not one of your tenants. I guess, I'm wondering, do you think Amazon or maybe another group entirely could target a mall anchor? There is no shortage of them, considering that frankly the enterprise value of some of these publicly-traded mall anchors are really a fraction of the consideration that's been paid for Whole Foods, particularly when you look at it on a per square foot basis?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I have a lot of interesting thoughts on it, but I will provide none of them on the record. But I do think it's  the good news for us, as an industry, it does reinforce that, in my opinion, the importance of connecting with the consumer through a physical business. But beyond that, I really  I mean, we really don't  I really don't want to comment on that. I mean, I have a lot of opinions. But I just kind of share them with my board and some of the guys here. But I don't really want to get into that. It's not  they're just my opinions, and who knows if they're right or wrong.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Maybe just one last question for Rick. I guess, sort of, a two-part or  as far as it relates to leasing, can you talk about any themes, particularly geographic themes, to new leasing activity or volume of leasing activity of late? And on the renewal side, I'm just curious if you see any change in the rent growth or concessions compared to the past few quarters.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: On the renewal side, the answer is no. Again, if you look at what we reported, I think it shows pretty steady, consistent progress where we were last year in connection with our renewals for 2018. So, there is nothing there. In terms of geographic, not really. We have obviously a very strong and focused effort to get local tenants involved in our properties, and I think we're doing a good job with that. But there's no regional, geographic trend that would drive the leasing activity.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Look, and I think entrepreneurialism is back. Lots of people want to start up a business. We're seeing explosion in the food area. We've obviously seen explosion in the fitness and wellness area, cosmetic area. So, all of that, we've seen it in the mixed-use area. So, I think that's all good. The stuff does take time. You do have downtime. But in that sense, we're excited about having the ability to broaden our mix, which I think is very important for us to do.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Linda Tsai with Barclays. Your line is open.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Just back to an earlier comment. Why do you think the environment is going to get better? What do you see in the broader market or maybe within your portfolio that gives you the confidence?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I said I'm not ready to declare that, okay? But I'm starting to think about it, and we'll see.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And then, what's your view on dispositions right now. Would you be interested in selling any of your Non-A Malls?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, we always think about selling some assets here and there, and we'll continue that. But we're not  we've never believed to sell assets just to sell assets, we got to get the right price. We go through a very detailed analysis to do that. And if we feel like we're  we'll get a fair price, we'll sell some, what I'll call, non-core assets. But we're not under pressure to do it, and we'll continue to cull the portfolio though. Okay? Thank you.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Omotayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Congrats on a great quarter. Question, could you talk a little bit about your views on the retail outlook, kind of, U.S. versus Europe versus Asia on how that could influence some capital allocation decisions over the next few years?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, listen, I  the great thing about real estate is it's so unique that we've operated in three major areas and we could get caught up in the macro viewpoint of a country or a  where capital is flowing. But at the end of the day, it's all about location and supply and demand. So, let's take Japan as an example. Japan, from an overall macroeconomic environment, you would think to yourself, boy, the retail is going to be terrible, okay? But yet, we've got great properties, we got a great product, we have a great partner and we've been kicking tail for each and every year in Japan. So, we look at it. We really  and obviously, you want to be careful about where you allocate capital if you don't have  if you have a concern generally about the country and property rights and stuff like that. But we've avoided those kind of countries. And I would say, right now, we feel good about our Asian business. We opened up in Kuala Lumpur with Genting. It's off to a great start. We just opened in Provence, France. It's off to a great start. Another one in Seoul. So, I think we can still make money selectively. It's important to know macro trends. But at the end of the day, it's all about the local business because I kind of learned that just watching the Japan scenario play out for us. But at the end of the day, we feel really good about kind of how we've allocated where we are. We can be opportunistic outside of the U.S. But our core focus will continue and always will be the U.S.
Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC: Sure. Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, a question for you on your JV with Seritage. Curious if you're thinking about perhaps making more investments on that front, buying out your partner in some of the existing boxes and maybe incrementally investing in more. Saw one of your peers recently do so. I'm curious what your thinking is here.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I think what  that deal was good for both companies, good for Seritage, good for General Growth. And there is possibility win-win intersects between us and Seritage and Sears for the foreseeable future, and we will try to create that environment and I'm sure they will as well. But there's no guarantee. Anything could happen, but we're always looking to create win-wins for our partners, Seritage being one of them and Sears indirectly in that they're in a lot of our real estate. So, a deal like that made sense for both of those parties. It certainly is possible as we think about things, but it's got to be a win for us as well and, obviously, for the counterparty.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Got you. Okay. And then, I want to go back and get some incremental thoughts on leasing spreads. Last year, I think it was third quarter, you and GGP, I believe, first noted the impact of leasing spreads. I believe it drove your spreads down almost 400 bps sequentially. So, I'm just curious here, now, that you've had a couple quarters of 13% spreads following the 10% in 4Q last year, should we be thinking of spreads in this low-double digit range near term? And then, also, just want to confirm that the impact of these amendments are included in same-store NOI but not in spreads.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No. If it's  we define it in our  if there's a lease that's longer than a year, it's in the  all amendments are in there, okay? And that's defined in our 8-K exactly how we do it. We don't make  we don't give guidance on rent spreads. We give guidance on  we don't give guidance on occupancy necessarily. We kind of give you a flavor for it. We don't give guidance on tenant sales. We give guidance on FFO. We give guidance on our comp NOI. And I'm not going to make predictions of rent spreads. I will tell you that they were down from a couple years ago primarily because of the general retail environment and, obviously, some of the tenant restructurings we've been dealing with, and we'll see how it shakes out.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Fair enough. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Boenning. Your line is open.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. David, I have a question for you. You guys clearly are executing better than some of your peers. Does that make you think about your ability to add value to other portfolios? And maybe can you give some comments broadly on how you're thinking about possible M&A, especially if there are changes to boards, et cetera? Does that make you change your big game hunting theory?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, as I said to you, I'm out of the big deal business. And I really haven't changed that point of view. If somebody wants to call and talk to me, I'm certainly going to take that call. But I think, Floris, it's  I wouldn't overreact to one person's quarter here or there that we're outperforming. I will say, over a long period of time, we've tended to have really good comp NOI growth within our  if you want to call us a mall company, we've been at the top of that, and we certainly have outperformed the strip center guys over the same period of time. Some of that is a function of what I said at the end of those marks, but it's really not fair for me to like comment on other people's numbers. And I wouldn't react to other folks with one quarter here or one quarter there. Real estate is a long-term business. You got to invest in the product. I think we all make too much out of one quarter here or one quarter there. All these guys are good operators or they wouldn't be here today. And I think you just have to give the benefit of the doubt to people in our industry. It's easy  I think  well, I don't want to go there, but the fact is it's  no one should overreact to one quarter or another. I think everybody's doing the best they can do.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Okay. One other  thanks for that, David. One other question. As we look at the mall sector, clearly, everybody's trading at big discounts. In your opinion, where do you think is the greater mispricing? Is it in the B malls or is it in the A malls?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, look, I think our industry certainly compared to other industry is being mispriced and I'll leave it at that. I think you can be a successful B mall operator. I don't think you're going to zero. I will tell you that without question. I think a lot of these what people want to call B malls, if they're in the right town and that town is stable and they're a good operator and they're focused and less worried about trying to please Wall Street but more interested in pleasing the community, they can do fine. Their growth may not be as robust as the ones with what I'll call "A" properties, but they can do fine. They may never be able to satisfy Wall Street and the institutional investor wanting kind of real estate that you could put on an annual cover, but they can do fine. But it's got to be focused on the community first, what they can do for the community and then the rest can follow. But look, having well-located real estate gives you a lot of opportunities to change it up over time and to make it better, which is what a lot of us have been doing for decades, not 5 years, 10 years, not 20 years, not 30 years, but 50 years, 60 years, Talban (01:06:28) 50, 60 years; Simon, 50 years, 60 years; General Growth, 50 years, 60 years; CBL, 50  40 years, I don't know. I mean, that's a testament to those guys and a testament to their product, and we shouldn't lose sight of that.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Great. Maybe one last question on HBS. Any sort of comment based on the sort of the latest news coming from there or strategic plans with your stake in that company?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: How  guess how I will answer that.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: No comments?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: The answer is, I have no comment on that. Our joint venture continues to do exactly what we thought it was. HBC has been a great partner. I've got all the confidence in the world in that team. Richard Baker is a very creative guy, but it's  we're not a shareholder of HBC. So, it's just not  it's not  there's nothing I can comment on that activity.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Thanks, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. It's Michael Bilerman here with Christy. Thanks for taking the follow-up. David, I wanted to take your comment about the sector being mispriced from a public stock perspective. I'm curious in your conversations with institutional investors either your  some of your current joint venture partners or prospective partners, how they are thinking about the business both from your non-core potential asset sales or stakes in some of your high-quality assets and how those conversations are going and trying to navigate that mismatch.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, we don't like selling stakes in malls. Obviously, you do it if you need the financial flexibility. But we've always looked at bringing in partners, if there's a new opportunity and we want to manage our balance sheet. That's the way we've looked at it so  but, Michael, institutional investors aren't always right. I mean, so, sometimes, they buy it. I'll never forget. I had one of the biggest and best sovereign wealth funds. I begged them to help me buy General Growth when they were in bankruptcy, and that was an 8.5 (01:09:20) cap rate, and this was before all the histrionics on the recap and all that stuff. But just  let's go buy it together, and the guy wanted a 9.5. (01:09:30) And I mean, so, they're not always right. I don't really have a comment on it. We're really not that active looking for institutional investors. Now, if we had a new deal to do something, I think we'd find the capital, but we haven't been really out looking for it. I think, on the B mall, the mall activity is starting to percolate. There's probably more people thinking about it a little bit more and somebody, I believe, in rolling up the  what is perceived as the downtrodden, whether that is the reason it's debatable. But what is perceived as a downtrodden, it's going to make money. It may not be appropriate for a public company  for public companies. But somebody is going to buy a lot of this stuff with cash flows and make a few bucks. Rick and I may  maybe we're going to start a new company so...
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: If we think about  if I make an analogy Q2 back in 2009, and I guess to go back to that time, but you did pretty big solid for the industry, right? You issued debt and equity and allowed the REIT market, capital markets to reopen. Isn't there some sort of analogy of being able to sell some interest in high-quality assets at remarkable cap rates to sort of prove evidence in some ways about where the stocks are trading. And I don't know if whether you agree with that or not.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think that's the silliest idea in the world. Honestly, why would I want to sell an A asset to make a print for you to be comfortable with and then you say, oh, it's great. But then, oh, but that's only the top of the portfolio. Or you have to sell B assets now, and C assets and E assets and D assets, it's a short lived  we don't think about like that. We think about operating our business, how to make it better for the consumer, how to market better, how to lease it better, how to redevelop better, not financial engineering that will be short-lived and have no impact. Why would I want to give up growth rate  a growth rate of an A asset? So, you will say, well, that's great. But what about the rest of your portfolio? It just makes no sense to me. We don't need to now. I understand if you need to because you need the financial flexibility. But as evidenced our ability to raise $1.350 billion in three hours, thankfully, we're not in that spot. That's just not what we do. But like I said, if there was a deal that we felt was good, I think we could raise institutional capital if we wanted to. Maybe we don't. We don't need to. I just  I am  I just don't understand that logic. It is short-lived. I mean, others have done that and they got a one-day pop. And now, they've lost the growth. Now, look, they did it because maybe there is too much exposure of one mall and I get  and maybe they needed the capital for other things. So, there are reasons to do it. But to do it just to print so it makes the NAV investors happy, I don't know. Forget it. It ain't happening.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: That's why I asked the question to get your perspective on it.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I hope I gave it to you.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Your answer was very clear. Last one...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: You may disagree with it. But at least, it's clear, right?
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Well, okay. Your point is, if you needed the capital, you would do it otherwise, as there's no reason to put up a print on the screen, which I understand.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: The last one. Just the overall environment with a lot of the headlines, the news media, even your retailer, public retailer conference calls. And I would say some operators and I know you said don't look at one quarter, but not all of the mall brethren operate at the same level you do or able to strike the same type of deals that you can and being able to stay ahead of the trends. That's why you are you and they are they. But how do you not let that whole perspective negatively impact the environment and become the self-fulfilling prophecy to some extent.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I think we all have to be careful about that, right? So, I think the retail community has been overly negative on the mall product. I don't know why they do it, but we're just going to get up off the mat, keep doing what we do. So, I'm not  this isn't sugar coating. We're in a tough environment, but we've seen it before, yeah. Could this be different this time around? Yeah. But I don't necessarily  I don't buy that equation, okay? That's not how we're operating our business. Do you need to be  maybe a touch more conservative? Do you have to hoard a touch more capital? Do you have to be a little more flexible with retailers? Of course. But I  but we don't see the end of our business. I think Rick told me he went to the ICSC meeting, and it was kind of all the negativity and I heard it from like four people. What did you say exactly, Rick?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I basically said we had a board meeting and it was a close vote, so we decided to stay in business.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: So, I do think the narrative is a little more negative. I think a lot of that is facilitated by investors making the other side of our bet. It's interesting. It's like I have a lot of points of view on certain transactions out there. We have never really seen that before. It's very interesting to see how that side of the world operates, but where we're  we got to deal with it. So, look we after this meeting Rick and I are going to be spending six hours approving capital projects to make our properties better, and that's how we're thinking about the business.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Well, I appreciate you sticking on to take the questions.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. No worries.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to David Simon for closing remarks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. Have a great rest of the summer.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc. David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc. Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc. Andrew A. Juster - Simon Property Group, Inc.
Analysts: Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Jeffrey A. Spector - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC Carol L. Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons LLC Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc. Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Simon Property Group First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Tom Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you, Terrance. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. We got a great start to the year, we continue to achieve strong financial results that exceeded our expectations. We opened two new international outlets in April. We amended and extended our $4 billion revolving credit facility, further enhancing our strong financial flexibility. Results in the quarter were highlighted by FFO of $2.74 per share, an increase of 4.2% compared to the prior year. As a reminder, the prior-year period included a net benefit of $0.08 in FFO per share from a gain on the sale of two residential assets. Normalizing the FFO per share growth rate for the gain in the prior-year period, FFO per share increased approximately 7.5%. We believe the FFO per share consensus for the first quarter did not include an estimate of our share of the losses from Aropostale, which is typical for a retailer in the first quarter. Our share of those operating losses in the first quarter was $0.03. Even though on an annual basis, we measure ourselves versus our plan, and not first-call estimates, let's put in perspective that we have beaten first-call estimates 42 out of the last 44 quarters. The only two misses were one-time write-offs, in 2009, which was the year of The Great Recession. This is an unprecedented performance for the REIT industry, and the S&P 500. Now, let's go to operating metrics and cash flow. We continue to see strong demand for our space across the portfolio, as evidenced by our mall and premium outlets occupancy end of the quarter at 95.6%, which was flat year-over-year. Leasing activity remains solid, average base minimum rent was $51.87, up 4.4% compared to last year, reflecting strong retailer demand and pricing power for our locations, the malls and the premium outlets recorded leasing spreads of $8.31 per square foot an increase of 13%. Reported retailer sales per square foot for the malls and outlets was $615 per foot compared to $613 per foot in the prior year period, an increase of 30 basis points. We are pleased to see retail sales increased from the prior year as well as the seasonally strong fourth quarter, also please keep in mind that Easter was in April this year compared to March of last year, which has a real impact on our many leading tourist oriented properties. Total portfolio NOI increased a very strong 5.6%, or over $80 million for the first quarter and comp increased a strong 3.8% for the quarter. Our best properties are industry-leading assets and large markets and drive the cash flow, growth and profitability of our business. We understand that many of you believe that standard operating metrics just mentioned are of most interest. However, it is important to remember that each of those metrics reflecting equal weighting of each of the properties across our portfolio. We believe it is important to understand our operating metrics on an NOI weighted basis, which more truly reflects the performance of the portfolio. With that said, if we had done that, reported retailer sales on an NOI weighted basis would be $765 compared to the $615, the average base minimum rent would be $67.60 compared to $51.87. Leasing spreads would increase to 16.4% compared to the 13%. We have the largest portfolio of the highest quality retail real estate in our industry. These high quality properties drive the growth and cash flow of our business, and what and where retailers want to be located and consumers want to shop and create memorable experience. These weighted metrics clearly demonstrate the highly  higher quality nature and more accurately reflect the health of our portfolio. At the end of the first quarter, redevelopment expansion projects were ongoing at 25 properties across all three platforms with our share of net cost at approximately $1.1 billion. Construction continues on several major ones, which we've mentioned before, including the Galleria in Houston, La Plaza Mall, Woodbury Common, and Allen Premium Outlets, most of these projects will be completed in the next 12 months. Subsequent to the quarter end, we opened two new international outlets with our partner Shinsegae Group, we opened Siheung Premium Outlets in Seoul, South Korea, this center is our fourth premium outlet and build upon its tremendous success we've enjoyed in the region. And with our partner McArthurGlen, we opened Provence Designer Outlet, the first luxury designer outlet in the South of France, construction continues on another full-price development at Fort Worth at The Shops at Clearfork, Neiman Marcus recently opened and the mall will open in the fall of this year. And we have three new outlets under construction, one in Norfolk, Virginia, two in international markets including Malaysia and Canada. Our share of those four is approximately $300 million. Last week with our partner McArthurGlen, we also acquired Rosada Designer Outlet, a leading outlet center in Netherlands with significant growth opportunity. Just turning quickly to our capital markets, we are very busy as usual, we refinanced our $4 billion revolving credit with the 2022 maturity date our fortress balance sheet with access to many forms of capital continues to differentiate us among our peer group. Our liquidity stands at more than $7 billion. During the quarter, we also extended our $2 billion share repurchase, and we repurchased 870,000 shares of our common stock. And today we announced a dividend of $1.75 for the quarter, which again is an increase of 9.4% year-over-year. Finally, we are reaffirming our 2017 guidance in the range of $11.45 to $11.55 per share, which is approximately 6% growth compared to our comparable FFO per share growth, which we believe will lead our retail real estate industry peers. This expected growth is a testament to the strength of our company and our ability to actively manage our portfolio to provide industry-leading returns to our shareholders, even in the current choppy retail environment. We now welcome your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Alexander Goldfarb from Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning. Good morning out there.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Hey, how are you?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I'm doing great. I'm doing great.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: We can hear that. We can hear that in your voice. So, quickly David, first, you guys have a long track record of beating and raising guidance, but you've equally been upfront about the challenges out there in the market. So, just very curious, the no-raise in full-year guidance this year is that because, yeah, there is more Aro post-out losses that potentially come up this year as you run that business? Or is it just general caution or you're seeing some things out there as your leasing folks come back or operations people come back that give you a little bit of pause?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, look, I would say, the entire  again, 42 out of 44, that's 11 years, is that 11 years guys?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: That's 11 years.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: That's 11 years, okay. So, the missed from first call consists was entirely Aro, which is very typical for a retailer to have operating losses in the first quarter. So, I would  in answer to your question simply, it's a little bit of both. I mean Aro is a fourth quarter business for  like most retailers. And there is a range of outcomes there, we're still very comfortable with our investment but there is a range of outcomes that's a little harder to predict. So we're being a little more cautious in that front. And then obviously on the retail front, I mean, we've got some retailers that were trying to navigate exactly what might happen and so we're being a little more cautious on that front. We're not backing off our comp NOI number even with that uncertainty in the retail world and we'll see. But, I mean, we're not backing off on it, and I'm optimistic that we'll continue to perform very well.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. And then the second question is, you guys made the lifetime fitness announcement, but just curious, in general, yeah, you spoke in the past about a lot of apparel brands in the malls and the need to diversify, but at the same time there is also a consumer that's much more fickle they don't, yeah, I mean, there was a Neiman Marcus article, but the shopper is much more conscientious about where they are. Overall, one, the ability for you guys to really diversify out of apparel into other uses of the mall, how is that going; and two, are you seeing the brands themselves get more serious about understanding that the consumer has changed and therefore full price as full price may not just work anymore, they need to invest more, are you seeing the retailers themselves adapt?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I'm hopeful that the retailers will focus on improving their in-store experience and that could be a lot of different ways, that could be through technology, that could be through a better look and feel, that could be through better merchandise et cetera. Now, I will tell you, I mean, this is the great narrative that is being absolutely ignored by the national media. And I continue to tour properties each and every week as does Rick, as does our team, the traffic is there. It's so funny when all the malls go out of business, what are these poor people going to do instead of going to the mall. I don't know, I mean, I just think the narrative is a way ahead of itself, the traffic is strong, it was up throughout our portfolio were we measure it, but you know at the end of the day, we've all got to have a better experience for the consumer, because they're tough nut to crack. We also need a growing economy. I mean our GDP growth is going to be anybody's guess, what's your guess, Alex?
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: GDP something probably in the 2%, a little over 2%.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, what is it for this first  what is that for this first quarter?
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: It's subdued. It's subdued, but if we get anything out of DC, it should be better.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I mean, I have been waiting a lot of stuff for DC, I'm still waiting for the internet sales taxation fairness to kick-in. So, the reality is people are going to the good centers, traffic is up, our sales even with Easter being in April are up. Our NOI is up, our comp NOI is 3.8%, we've certainly got some retailers that have not performed the way they wanted to or should have, a lot of that was driven by the private equity leveraging up. These businesses more than just the common theme, which is the internet. I'm hopeful that they're going to reinvest in their stores, improve their inventory mix, and service their customer better. And, by the way, we've got to have the same pressure on us to do that. So, it's a two-way street. We are up for the challenge. We have the conviction in our business to do that as you know if you go through our properties by and large, they look they feel great. We're going to redevelop a lot of opportunities. I think any department stores, if and when we get back, are great opportunity for the company. King of Prussia is a great example, Penney's announced closing. We could have saved that deal, we decided absolutely unequivocally not. We're going to make that a mixed-use development, won't be apparel-oriented. So again, we're frustrated only by the narrative, but not by what's happening in our business.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. Thanks, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Spector from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jeffrey A. Spector - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning, thank you. I'm here with Craig Schmidt. David, Rick, to be a little bit more specific on the retailers, there have been many more plans announced for spending in bricks-and-mortar for closings. I guess, can we be a little bit more specific and help us, provide your latest view, are you happy with the current announcements, is it enough because the last couple of years you have been asking for this?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, we don't  we really do not comment  I'm not sure I understand your question. But we really don't  we don't think this is a good form to comment on retail specific issues. As I said, there are things I'm happy to comment on like, we are  apparel has been in the doldrums, we are moving our mix away from that, I think we've done that already, we've lowered it Rick by...
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: That was 5% or 6%.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. We've lower that already. We do think private equity has been more of a detriment to our and by the way most of these guys are my buddies, okay. But I mean, when you lever up, you lever up any business, whether it's the mall business, the retail business, and you can't invest in your product, then you got a problem. We've seen a lot of that. I'm happy to talk to you about that trend, but I'm not sure  I'm not going to sit here and comment on specific retailers, I'm not really sure Jeff what you're after, explain it?
Jeffrey A. Spector - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess, are you feeling better now that the retailers are finally talking about specific investments in the stores pruning some of their portfolios, it feels like finally they are taking some action before, or Craig and I said, it is a little confusing to figure out, are these winning formulas or not?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I think my concern about how they overspent in the Internet versus the store fleet continues to be a concern for me. But I do think they're starting given that the returns in the online between free shipping and free returns is no man's land form and the price transparency and no service add, value add, I hopefully, they'll recognize that they should pivot toward the in-store experience. And I think that's beginning to happen. I also think as I've mentioned to you in the past that there is a number of Internet  pure Internet retailers that will not be able to really sustain their business model and my humble opinion unless they have a physical presence. So, they're still cleaning out to do and we will suffer from that like anybody else, but at the end of the day, if there is less retail space in the United States and I expect there to be, so I'm not suggesting that it won't be, we will be the net beneficiary of that because of the vastness of our portfolio and scale helps and a big balance sheet helps. So we've got $7 billion of capital ready to go to work in whatever form we can do to increase our profitability. And so we'll weather the storm like we have in the past, we've done some of our best work when it's the most foggiest and that's what we do, and that's why we're making $11.50, that's why that's the REIT's highest per share number and that's why dividends grow more than anybody else, and I don't know what else to tell you, that's what we do. I'm not  we haven't backed off our comp NOI. Do we have to work to get to the 3%? You're darn right, but we put that pressure on us each and every year and yeah, sometimes we don't get to the finish line, but we get pretty damn close most of the time. So again, I have no idea if I'm answering your question, but that's what we do.
Jeffrey A. Spector - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That helps, thanks. And Craig has just one quick question.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, great. Thanks. Just given the strength and shift to some of the value and discount retailers. I'm wondering if we may see the introduction of more value off price like Marshalls at Del Amo and T.J. HomeGoods at Prien Lake Mall.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think there'll be a little bit more of that for sure. They do a great job, a lot of the discounters. And I think there is a great opportunity for us to bring them in into the mall environment. Not  you wouldn't want to do it in every mall environment, but certainly there is a handful of malls that make sense to do that and I do think that will continue. And look, reality is  the mall  and again, this is what frustrates us is that the traffic that we see in the malls is good. So yeah, we can always point out to a mall that's gone out of business or the mall that's done, that's got no traffic, like we can at hotel, like we can  movie company that makes movies and they have a flop, doesn't mean all movies are a flop. It just means that one movie they have is a flop. We could talk about network TV and talk about the lineup that all they have and they have a new show that's a flop. Well, it's conceivable that in our portfolio we have a couple of flops, but it's immaterial. That's why we gave you those weighted NOI statistics to reinforce that. But the reality is that we do think that in some of these properties, we will be able to bring in some of that  because I think some of these centers that they're in and the strip center will might suffer a little bit, and they're going to go where the traffic is. And in most cases it's the mall environment, not everyone, but in most cases.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christy McElroy from Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, it's Michael Bilerman. The good news is Mall Cop and this is not a flop.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: The Mall Cop, the number two wasn't that great, but I think the first one was pretty good.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. So, David, strategically over the years, you've been able to adapt to different cycles, right. You're very early on in the consolidation wave, focusing on these big major market malls. You got into the outlet business, when you bought Chelsea, you bought Mills, enhancing sort of all the value retail. You sold off or spun-off certain lower-quality weaker malls, lower productivity smaller assets. You expanded globally and you had a rock-solid balance sheet. So as we think about adapting to the cycle, where is your main focus? Is it adapting and putting more mixed use at your properties? Is it may be going further global? Do you want to focus on other forms of retail, and I don't know maybe get back into the strip center business? Is it really focusing on this whole model of the future and the consumer experience in taking ownership of the consumer at your mall? I guess  or is it something completely else? How should we be thinking about your next adaptation to the cycle?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well it's very, very good question. So, let's just talk about our businesses in those segments. Our European and Asian business is actually very strong. So that's good news. Our outlet business and mills business continues to prosper, continues to have very good comp NOI growth. And the mall business generally is dealing with a lot of the retailers that we generally understand and know that are out there in the public. However, the great opportunity I think in that business will continue to be reclaiming the department stores and our opportunity to redevelop them that will further expand the mix, whether it's mixed use, whether it's lifetime, whether it's some community-oriented activity. But I think that's going to be a big focus for us is, how do we take advantage of the department store, we do and I think Sandeep has done a very good job explaining this, we do probably have too many department stores in each, in the mall business. And so, but instead of looking that as a concern, given that they pay no rent, we actually think that's a great opportunity for our redeveloping the mall to the next level. And again, I don't think there is any cookie-cutter answer, but since they don't provide any income, there is nothing but upside in how we redevelop and redevelop those assuming we get the appropriate return on cost. So, I would certainly say that's a very important phase what we've got to focus on. And I'd say the next very important phase is we do continue to bring technology into the mall environment, just like many retailers are bringing technology hopefully to their in-store environment. And I think what that will do is make the shopping trip more convenient, more productive, and they'll gain more knowledge by going through the mall. And we've right now under development in a pretty significant way to deliver product, probably realistically a year from now that might facilitate that with also collecting the data, that's important to be able to communicate directly with the consumer. So I would say, those are two areas. And then obviously, we're going to be opportunistic, that's just the way we are. There are no current plans to be opportunistic, but that's just part of our core culture here is to try and be opportunistic when we can.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. My second question is, you talked about the narrative that effectively every models did despite the traffic in sales that are going on in your assets. And I'm curious, if you can share with us some of the tone of your leasing discussions with both the bricks-and-mortar retailers that are expanding and want to open stores and how those discussions or negotiations are going with the overarching negative narrative that's out there. But also discuss how those discussions are going with the pure e-tailers that are expanding their bricks-and-mortar presence? And whether there's a difference, clearly the narrative is only on one-sided with all these tenants that are shrinking their store base or going bankrupt. Clearly there has to be some positive to produce the sales of a traffic that you're talking about?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. And I want Rick to answer that. But again, the ones that essentially, if you really cut through it all, the ones that aren't surviving in a tough REIT apparel environment or the ones that were highly levered and had the imprint of private equity on it, okay. And again, I'm going to get a lot of criticism from all my buddies, but that's the truth. So if you look at kind of where that pressure point has been, it's more than just our apparel business is bad, it's because, well, they couldn't survive with leverage on it. They paid a special dividend, they bought stock back, they did some financial maneuvering that increased the pressure that wouldn't allow them to deal with a kind of non-robust meddling environment. With that said, I'd like Rick to comment on the rest of it.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I would tell you Michael, the key as in all of these things is the person with the most compelling properties is going to win and all you have to do is, visit some of our properties like King of Prussia, ,like Galleria, like Sawgrass Mills, like Woodbury across the four platforms and you will see new retailers, both the e-tailers and the international retailers and our existing brands and new designer brands that all wanted to take advantage of the space that is becoming available either because we created it, because we took back space from underproductive retailers or we consolidated those on productive retailers into more productive space to free up space. There is still very compelling demand out there across each of the ones that you talked about. Are we fighting about rent? Sure. But we've been fighting with our tenants about rent for 40 years, that doesn't change.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you, guys.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. I've just a couple of questions. Maybe Rick and David, just to kind of follow that theme on leasing. I know occupancy was flat year-over-year, but you had a little bit of a bigger decline sequentially. I know that there is always a decline sequentially, but it seems to be a little bit bigger and probably stems from some of the bankruptcies. Can you maybe just talk or help quantify, how much of that space has been released and do you have any kind of occupancy goals that you can share with us for the end of the year?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Steve, I would just simply say the metrics are the metrics we focus more on comp NOI growth. And I mean, obviously, if you go back in a little bit of 2015 we had more bankruptcies than 2016. This year, we'll probably have more in 2017 and certainly 2016. And some of these are still in a state of flux. So, I would not want to like tell you where our occupancy is, other than to say we haven't backed off the comp NOI number of three. Like I said, we're got a lot of work to continue to do, but that comment I would say first quarter in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, I mean that's just the way we look at our business. So, that's the number that we're more focused on than sales per square foot, rents spreads, and occupancy, it's all manifest itself. You put it all in a blender and it all manifests itself into one number and that's the number that I care about.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: Right, I think  well, now I understand that, I think just to the extent that there was maybe a step or step-and-a-half back and people just want to see the progress moving forward, which obviously will manifest itself in NOI growth. I think if there was just a way to help quantify how much of that's maybe already been put to better lease, might just give some clarity that leasing remains strong, but...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, look we're making deals, I mean and we're moving the pile. If we worth-making deals given the bankruptcies and the store closures that we're dealing with, we couldn't produce the 3% comp NOI number, that we weren't doing new business. So that's how I would answer that. I mean, again, I don't  we don't look at occupancy the way you might and I'm not disrespecting how you might look at it. I'm just telling you, the way we run our businesses for comp NOI or cash flow growth and we're not  if we didn't have any new lease up given the bankruptcy and store closures that exist in our industry, we wouldn't be able to get to that 3%. So I hope that gives you at least some trend as to how we feel about leasing up some of that space.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah. Okay. I guess, secondly, you've mentioned traffic strong and it's upwards measured and you said it's good. Do you have any sort of stats you could share and if you've done anything sort of technology-wise in the malls to help quantify this and if you have, is that data that you'll be sharing with us over time to perhaps comment (34:43)
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, you know how I feel. I think we have given you plenty of data, okay. So the odds of us giving you more data are not great, but I will tell you that in the  we don't have traffic counters in every mall, but we have in a good percentage of our malls and I standby that traffic comment, we have parking counters in our outlet business and when you factor in through April and I had it somewhere but I can't find it. If we have it through April, our traffic overall in  because it's important to remember, March had Easter of last year. The traffic  the parking counters in our outlet business is up one or, I'm sorry, Rick now has the number in front of me, 2%. So that gives you a barometer when you look at, if it was through March in the outlet business, it would be essentially  we look at it by region, be essentially flat. But it's up 2% given the  if you go all the way through Easter in April.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thanks. And I guess just last question. As you think about sort of CapEx and what you need to spend to kind of maintain malls or to keep the cash flow growing, do you get a sense that there may be a higher level of CapEx that's needed to generate that 3% compounded CapEx. And do you sense that the returns on the boxes that you may recapture might change possibly to the downside as you take these stores back?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I don't think so at all because we're up against very little income against those boxes. So it's a function of what you pay for them and what the income is and the last thing we'll do is hold. I mean, that's not to say we don't make silly decisions here. But we know we can back into what the right number is to buy that box. Like King of Prussia, we get it for free. It's a lease. The lease ends, I think, in 2020. And they're going to pay the rent all the way through it, which is great, we get to redo our plans, maybe we'll get the mat early, but that's all given that lease payment, I mean that's a lot of upside. So, I think it's possible a deal here or there, it might be, but that's always been the case, and Steve as you know, we spent a lot of capital in the portfolio to upgrade the look and feel. We're going to continue to do that, the worst thing that we can do and this is a comment for everyone. And the whole  is not invest in our business, that's the worst thing you can do. And I've seen it, and I don't care if it's a hotel, an office building, a movie business, the network business, the internet business, if you don't invest in your product, you can't continue to produce returns, that's the nature of Corporate America. And so, we're going to continue to invest, I think the returns will be there, and I don't think the dynamics of today's current environment have changed that. So, that's what we see, but again if something changes, I think it's a fair question and if we feel a trend there we'll start to set expectations differently.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thanks. That's it from me.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Morgan from Canaccord. Your line is open.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Just on the buyback, we've talked in the past about kind of how the role you see stock buybacks and how you used in the past with around specific catalyst. And maybe you could just comment on the buyback in the first quarter and given where your evaluation is, how you think about that as a use of your free cash flow relative to redevelopments and other uses?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, the good news is, we'll not crowd out our investment in our product. That's the most important thing you cannot do. And we've seen it as an example at the department store level where stock buybacks have crowded out store investment. We will not let that happen. On the other hand, we have spent a lot of capital on our portfolio. You know kind of what we expect there. And other than  I think the first quarter should continue to give you an expectations of what we'll continue to do. Obviously, the price is lower. And you do come into a blackout period that you're all familiar with. That has almost gone. And we think, I mean, you can do the math, we believe in our business, we believe in our product, we can do both and we will do both.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. So, this is sort of  you see right now at least at kind of these levels, there is sort of a recurring role to play for the buyback alongside your other CapEx initiatives? That's fair?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think that's a fair assessment.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. And then just kind of secondly, a lot of people kind of have concerns about the outlet industry just because of what seems to be a disproportionate share of the apparel and accessories retailers, which has been a tough segment more broadly, and I was wondering, because you lump them together, broadly  although, I appreciate the traffic comment, if you could talk about maybe, whether there is much of a disparity in terms of kind of the momentum there from, I think, same-store NOI perspective? And then maybe, if Rick is able to provide some of the retailers who are sort of kind of taking space that, it might be coming back from other segments that are liquidating investment like that...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. I'm glad you brought that up, because we've heard this like, chatter. Absolutely, unequivocally the business is strong. It's so far from the chatter, I don't really know how to react other than we can start breaking out statistics again and my goodness, we'd like to be viewed in totality about our entity as opposed to a bunch of statistics, but the reality is absolutely not, it's that chatter is inaccurate, the only pressure that we've seen in the outlet business, which we've been consistent in describing, is we have a number of tourist-oriented centers, and given the strong dollar, we continue to see muted spending because the tourism and all of the psychology of coming to America is different than it was maybe a few months ago. We're dealing with that, but if you isolate those, it's absolutely au contraire, I wanted to show people, if all my years of going to Paris, I can speak French, and no, that chatter is just wildly false. So, I don't know, what else to tell you.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: I was just wondering if Rick can maybe talk about something that were (43:20) growing in that segment in particular?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I mean you garble there.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Oh, sorry, I was just seeing if Rick could maybe talk about any of the retailers that are sort of taking space like he's done in the past, but particularly focused on the outlet side?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: The answer is I could, in fact I have a list here of them, I could take up the rest of the call with the names, but because David always makes fun of me when I rattle off names, I'll be very limited. But things to bear in mind with our outlet business, we have some of the greatest outlet centers in the world. So literally we're getting international designer tenants that are opening their first, second or third outlet store in the world at our properties. But we're having the more people that are in bulk; ASICS, Citizen, Scotch & Soda, (44:10) I could go on and on, I literally have a paper in front of me of probably 150 names, and one of the reasons it's so strong is because the occupancy has been so high, this is the first time we've had even a little inventory that we can accommodate all the people that want to grow. So it is just not an issue whatsoever with demand.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. And I think an important point is that the value oriented, I mean, you can get discounted goods a lot of places and it certainly proliferated, but to the consumer having them all together in a nice pretty coherent layout is why consumers will travel to our outlet centers and shop and I will tell you this. The comp NOI growth in our outlet business exceeded the mall business, okay. So, I've heard this chatter, I don't know where it's coming from but I'm here to officially refute it.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning. You and your retail peers don't report same-store revenue and expense growth, just NOI. So, I was just wondering if you could comment on those two pieces of revenue versus expenses? How they've been trending? It seems like some of your NOI growth maybe more attributable to the expense savings side versus revenue growth?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: That's incorrect. You see our P&L. You can analyze it. That I thought that's your job.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Then on the same-store NOI, you guys did have a strong first quarter which is above your full-year guidance of 3%. So, I was just wondering, if we should expect a slowdown later in the year or if you're more just sticking to the previously laid-out guidance of 3%?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think I already answered that question a couple of times. And we've affirmed our guidance, that's really all that I need to answer on that front.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Then just last one on the development pipeline, mall redevelopments and the grand of (46:46) outlets have been a traditional good growth drivers? So I was just wondering what your outlook is for new outlet supply and to what extent also separate from your (46:57) JV, you might be able to be proactive with some of your Sears stores?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, on the outlet side, we've got a very interesting pipe. I think in Asia, we've got a very interesting pipe with McArthurGlen. We're hopeful to start a new project in Spain here in the next couple of months and I think the investment community should realize, we have a really strong business outside of the U.S. and it's worth much more than what it's on our books, okay? But, put that aside. So, there is a nice pipe through McArthurGlen. And by the way, we just open a new center in Provence, which is  which we own 90% of and that's no small feat to accomplish in France, and we have our partner McArthurGlen to thank for that. We have a very nice pipe in Asia, very nice pipe in France. We will have one project that we'll probably start construction in the next couple of months in the U.S., which we'll announce shortly. And then, we've got a couple of more that are in the works that will probably won't start till 2017  I'm sorry, 2018 for 2019 delivery. So, we continue to look for opportunities on this  there is nothing more than what we do is plan for potential department store redevelopments. And we're working both on sourcing the demand and then ultimately, trying to get the boxes back and that's an ongoing process that will continue to be. But we think that will be beneficial to the company in the long run.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Someone has to go back to that CapEx question. And you have a lot of great information on your supplemental. But one thing that isn't very clear is how much CapEx, quarter-to-quarter you're having to payout to get that 3% or 3.8% same-store NOI or those leasing spreads? So, I was curious, how has that trended over time, and he (49:27) was talking about retailers investment in their stores, but are you incrementally having to find that maybe you help  you have to help them out with that part of process?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah, this is Rick. Frankly, though the thing I think you're probably referring to is our tenant allowances and if you look, they've been relatively consistent over a very long period of time, we give virtually no allowance on our renewals. We tell you the allowances that we do on a per square foot basis for our new leases and happily this quarter it happened to be a little higher, because we're able to do a lot of great leasing for some very high impact tenants, and so it's a little more allowance, but as David has said consistently all that is built into our NOI growth, and it is consistent with where we've been over a long period of time.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. So nothing on the margin, that's changing at all?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No, I mean, it moves from quarter-to-quarter, but no, we don't  we  here's you got to put companies in  you got to think a little bit broad, Kim. There if we were loosey-goosey with our capital, we wouldn't have the best balance sheet in the business with the most fire power. So we don't buy upper end, we don't throw capital after tenants that may fail, that doesn't mean we don't make mistakes but we  there is just no change in our approach to that, and it will never change, and that's why see these things are related, right. That's why you have  that's why we have the balance sheet here as because, you're right, it is all about capital allocation. It is all about not putting good money in the rabbit hole. And we are not perfect there. We make mistakes. We do take chances every once in a while. But there's just no trend there, it's just not what we do as a company and I'm  would have hoped that seeing us operate for this long period of time, you would understand that.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And just a second question, going back to your comments about technology. From a consumer standpoint, when I go into a  you might not like this, but when I go into a Westfield mall or a Simon mall, I think, from a consumers perspective, it doesn't  you can't really tell a difference, right? And why I say that because, some of the technology improvements you're trying to make, at the end of the day, do you think the mall companies have to be more collaborative to really make a big change? And what they're offering at the malls?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, first of all, I view that as a complement. I think, Westfield is a very good operator. So, that's number one. Number two is, look, we do  it is potential, we could collaborate. We do that currently for instance Deliv is a consortium of three or four mall owners. We talk to  the mall owners talk on technology front all the time. We talk to Westfield, we talk to General Growth, we talk to Macerich, Taubman, et cetera. When there's a new product that we think and that we can  because at the end of the day, we really don't compete all that much locally. I mean, if you are really fascinating about our businesses, yeah, we have skirmishers here and there. But we don't have a lot of overlap with our top operatives in markets of all that significance. So, there is the potential to collaborate, we're more than happy to. And I do think there is potential to do that and we have done it, and there'll certainly be more potential as we move forward.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just wanted to ask questions. It seems like the bankruptcies that have been filed so far have come fairly late in the quarter. So, I just curious, if you had relative to the 120 basis points or 130 basis points quarter-over-quarter decline in the ending occupancy, do you have a sense of what the average occupancy was for the first quarter?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No. Okay. Is it fair to say that there would be some lingering impact from what's already happened now in the second quarter?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I mean, yeah, I mean we can, again we'll look at it. It's just not, we're not obsess with it, okay. We'll look at it and maybe Tom will give you the number, maybe he won't, I don't know, okay.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Okay. And then earlier, you had mentioned that the department stores are a big opportunity that you're looking at. And just curious in the near term, you got three anchor expiries, I think they're all  just looking at the average size, looks like department stores. Curious, if there's an opportunity with those three or how those discussions are going?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Basically, those were all subject to option. So we expect them to be exercised.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then last question. Just in terms of the comments you've made today and in the past about retailers investing in their stores more maybe than the omni-channel or the e-commerce side of their businesses, can you just maybe share a little bit, I know we've asked this question in the past too, but just in terms Aropostale in-store investments, some of what you're doing on that front?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah, they did a clean up to restart the brand during when it went from the liquidator to the new owners. It wasn't really material, but it was a good beginning to reintroduce the brand to the consumer. And centrally most of the stores were touched, some more than others.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And I guess, are there further plans for other in-store investments that sort of improve the...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah, look, I think that's probably not this year, but we'll  we evaluate it all the time, we're not afraid to invest in it, but it's  to go through bankruptcy is somewhat traumatic, okay. So, and again, we weren't in-charge of liquidating it in the periods. So, again, I don't want to get into all the technicalities of it, but we just took it over January, I don't know, 1 or 2 or 6, whatever the date was. So, this year is just to stabilize it, we did clean up to reintroduce it. We are sourcing new product. We are going through all that, but it's the first year.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: And our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. So, first question, can you share what the average price of the stock you repurchased during the first quarter was?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It will be in our Q.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: But I think it was around $1.74.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Got it. Okay. We've seen you do a few non-retail developments to some of your top urban properties. The hotel at Phipps Plaza, hotel in Luxury Tower at Galleria. So, I guess my question is, what's your appetite for more of these office apartment or hotel type of projects. What role do you envision in playing in platform going forward and can you give us a broad sense of what type of returns you look for?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, we're going to do returns that create value for our shareholders, that's number one. Number two, I don't think we'll do much office frankly other than we have built office on top of the few of our new developments like at Domain and Clearfork, just to name a few. We think that's nice mix, but I don't think  I sell the land or do something probably before I built an office tower and I think we have a very nice pipeline for hotels and multi-family throughout the portfolio. We're talking to a lot of people. We got some great plans and I think that will be a growth vehicle for the company going forward.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: So it sounds like you are bringing some partners for that.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, yes and no, we might. We'll certainly bring in operators, but we could bring another developers that just  it depends on the market and there is  again there is no one set answer, but the reality is we could do both and we have done both.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. One if you more on readout please. So, first, can you talk about the lease up and early feel for some of your recent readouts and expansions like at Roosevelt Field, Del Amo, King of Prussia. I know, it's a bit early in some of these cases and you have a strong track record. But I'm wondering how pleased are you with the early read and trends from these projects and have your return expectations changed at all versus your underwriting?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Not really. I mean, the  it always takes time to lease up new expanded space. Most good developments do not have a 100% lease to start, you always kind of want to calibrate or you want to wait for the retailer. I'd say we're pretty much on plan on those.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. And then, your upcoming projects, Norfolk, some of the others any change in readout expectations there  return expectations? Are we still thinking similarly 7%, 8%?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Norfolk will do better than that. But now it's all in our 8-K and you can see nothing really changed, in terms of our returns.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Mueller from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. I was wondering, can you talk a little bit about the 2017 leasing plan and how far through you are? And also, on the development and redevelopment spend front, are you still expecting about $1 billion a year in 2017 and 2018?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yes, on $1 billion a year. And Rick, you want to...
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. On the renewals in 2017, we're probably about 10 basis  100 basis points ahead of where we were last year at this time and we're already starting on 2018. And we're probably about 20% due our 2018 renewals, which is ahead of where we were in 2017 this time last year. So, we're very focused on that and making good progress against it.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. That was it. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Carol Kemple from Hilliard Lyons. Your line is open.
Carol L. Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons LLC: Good morning. On the income...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Carol L. Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons LLC: On the income statement, the income from unconsolidated entities, it was down compared to last year, what were the moving parts on that?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's primarily that's where you see the Aro...
Carol L. Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons LLC: Okay.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: ...losses. Good question, though.
Carol L. Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons LLC: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, guys. Loved the French earlier, David, though I think the pronunciation could do some work.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Among other things...
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I can't talk...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I can barely speak English (61:43) French
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Few questions. I guess, just first I was curious, I mean, earlier this month, David Contis announced his plans to leave, I was just curious how his departure affected succession planning for leadership roles at Simon, does that cause you to rethink some things?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No, I mean, David left for family reason. Yes, there is no impact on succession planning there. And it gives  we have a great strength in our bench and our development team; Kathy Shields, John Phipps, we just hired a real quality veteran that was in Luxottica running that real estate, Mike Nevins. So we have a very good bench and so really not much to say beyond that. So no worries on that front.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And maybe for Rick, I recognize maybe it's early for some of those, but in situations where you guys have ether had anchor closures or even a competing mall in the market that you compete with has closed, do you guys have any harder anecdotal data and I guess I would call the sales transfer that you might have ticked up either the other anchors in the same mall or your mall relative to a close competing mall, I'm just curious how that shift might have happened because usually retail sales aren't destroyed, they sort of move elsewhere.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Anecdotally, what we have heard from our department stores is that they do gain market share both when they close their stores in the market and frankly that was the point that David alluded to earlier when he said in the long run, this retail consolidation is going to benefit us because those sales that are in the market, we're going to get our share of them. Also, we have heard from our department stores that when a store closes in the mall, those shoppers for the most part stay in the mall and those sales do get redistributed among the other department stores that are in the property.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: The most interesting thing on that front is that when they  if they do close a store or they leave a market, those Internet sales that are in that market go bye-bye. So that's really the  just to broaden your question in terms of the answer, I mean that's what's interesting when they leave a market, those Internet sales in that market tend to go bye-bye.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And what's your take on concept of grocers returning to the mall. One of your competitors has paid a little bit of lip service to that and I'm just curious what do you guys that think about that dynamics since it's been frankly a very long time since the mall industry has had grocers, I think I last saw them in like The Blues Brothers movie or something?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, you hit like anything else. There is certainly opportunities and when there are opportunities, we take advantage of them. We added Wegmans in Montgomery Mall. We've added Fresh Market in The Falls. We're literally in a process of adding a supermarket right now at College Mall where we demolished the Sears. So where it fits the market, there's certainly a great use. You got to be able to accommodate their physical constraints and it also has to make sense economically, but we're actively talking to them. And hopefully we'll have others that are going to find their way into our properties as we get space available.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah, I think it's a good move and we'll certainly pursue it. So, we think it's interesting and we have done in the past, we'll continue to do it.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just a last question, maybe a little involved, as it relates to occupancy costs, the last several years Apple has been and other retailers have been early pronounced influence on mall sales. Some people have estimated that adding an Apple to the mall or a Tesla, for example, can boost overall sales on average about $100 a square foot. But that 10%, 15%, 20% increase in mall sales sort of implies that the typical in-line retailers' occupancy costs might actually be 15% to 20% higher than the mall average that we can kind of see. And I guess my concern is just, is it that the occupancy cost where a typical retailer might be at a big premium, but at a time when their margins are under a lot of pressure, I guess, the question here is, do you really think occupancy costs in the next few years can continue to hold steady or do you think we're doing to see some need for them to roll down just because maybe they've risen to a point where it's just very difficult for them to afford it, given where there profits are?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I think it's a retailer-by-retailer case. That's certainly the case for some retailers without question. So, it's a case-by-case. So one thing I would  with respect to your question, remember our sales, we have all the outlets in it. So the dramatic impact is from a highly productive tenant is not that  it's not dramatic, okay. That's not to say though. There aren't  certainly, there are some retailers that  because their productivity is so low that they have too high  they can't afford the rent, that's what makes our business. That's what's moved our number is that those guys go out and we find somebody else to replace them. If we could not replace retailers, then it would be an issue, but we can and we have to, and that's what we do. In Europe as another example, I mean, the occupancy cost there are much greater for in line tenants, yet they have all find the ability to become more profitable. So, again, I think certainly that's the case for some retailers. When that happens, we tend to replace some and again when you think about the impact on some of those higher productivity tenants, just put in less than perspective because we meld in the outlet business, so that doesn't make it as  not that it doesn't have an impact, but it's not dramatic.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Understood. Thanks, guys.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. No worries.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nick Yulico from UBS. Your line is open.
Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. I just want to go back to the redevelopment issue, in particular when you're redeveloping an anchor box. Can you give us some of the math behind your 7% target return? For example, is there a good rule of thumb on the cost to reposition, the space on a per square foot basis?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: There is really no rule of thumb, every one of these development opportunities is evaluated on its own and the returns are going to be a function of how you redeploy the space. If it's all small shops, the returns could be considerably higher. If you're substituting a single user into the existing box, the returns could be a little bit lower, but the capital expenditure will be lower. It's a case-by-case situation and frankly, as you can see, when you look at our reporting, we've been very active in bringing anchors to our property and that's been going on for years. And it's going to hopefully only accelerate as we get control of more of the space.
Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. I guess, if you're replacing an anchor with like Dick's for example. I mean, is there a  on a per square foot build, is it $200 a foot, is it $300 a foot, I mean any perspective you can give us on that?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No. We don't go into the specifics. I mean, that's something we disclose our capital in our schedules, but we're not going to go into the specifics of an individual redevelopment project.
Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. I guess, the reason I ask is because there is obviously a lot of questions about where are rents going, where is occupancy going, I think one of the other concerns from investors is the amount of capital going to malls and how much of it is really a return on investment or rather just maintenance capital and so?
Andrew A. Juster - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Look, I encourage those inventors to look at our financial statements, okay? I mean, that's what instead of the rhetoric, instead of the narrative, just look at our financial statements, okay? Look at our return on equity. I don't know what else to tell you then. I know you're trying to get ahead of a trend. But I mean we disclosed a tremendous amount of information. And I would just encourage you to look at our financial statements.
Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Andrew A. Juster - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rich Hill from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, David. Just had a quick question about Aropostale and sort of going back to the operating losses. Appreciate why 1Q is seasonally a low income quarter. But just thinking about Aropostale specifically, the last time they publically reported, it looks like they posted operating losses in every quarter with first quarter and second quarter obviously being the worst. So, just in terms of modeling purposes, so wondering if you could maybe give any sort of frame of reference for how much the operating losses compare to 2015? And if we should think about that $0.03 as consistent for 2Q and then coming back down, how should we think about that from a modeling purpose?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah, we don't give quarterly guidance, number one. We think that's a waste of everybody's intellectual curiosity. There's just no way to compare it to 2015 and 2016 because the fleet was the 1,000 stores and now it's 500. We've done a dramatic job on sourcing, we've done a dramatic job on overhead. And again, we're just building the inventory back up because of the liquidation. So it's really an apple and an orange. And the reality is, just to put in perspective, $0.03 on $2.74 is what percent is that? Somebody do it, 1%. So it's not like it is what it is in our cash investment between OpCo and IPCo was in the $33 million. So again, let's just put all of this stuff in perspective. And again, it will probably continue to have generally  it will probably continue to have operating losses through the  until the fourth quarter, but I'm not going to give you per share stuff, because we just don't do that  per quarter stuff, I should say.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Good. Got it. And I wasn't looking for you to give guidance, I appreciate you don't give quarterly guidance. I was just looking for some frame of reference that...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. I...
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: ...operating loss is 50%.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Rich, I know you're smart, but you can't go back to 2015 and 2016, because that company is completely different then it is today. So...
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, exactly. And that was sort of the  I guess, the point of my question, is it 50% of the losses that it was in 2015 or not. But okay...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well  and fact of the matter is, we're not  I don't even look at 2015 or 2016, I am looking at what they're doing going forward.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. My pleasure, my pleasure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Linda Tsai from Barclays. Your line is open.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks for taking my call. Maybe to alleviate some of the fears here in terms of the store closures that have occurred since the 4Q call. Can you just give us a sense of a percentage of ABR those stores would represent collectively in your portfolio?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: The  let me  I don't understand it. Can you restate the question, please?
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Sure. In terms of the store closures that have occurred since the 4Q call, the incremental ones, what percentage of ABR does that represent in your portfolio?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's not how we would look at it, so what percent of the average base rent would we  I don't  the answer is I don't know.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Something like annualized rent.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We put in  look, the way we look at it is, we've got our total revenues for our properties, not our share, but our total is over $6 billion, right? So, it's very  it's immaterial when you look at it on that perspective.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then you've touched on this topic already, but maybe just to ask a little differently. When an anchor goes dark, what's your thought process that goes on to decide the best and highest use of that space? To the extent that you're getting these anchors back faster and sooner than you expected, are you thinking about these redevelopments differently in aggregate, maybe from a merchandizing perspective than when they were fewer happening across the retail landscape?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, we're always thinking about things differently, I would say. In this case, the reality is, we don't have any empty boxes, okay? Now, I guess King of Prussia is going to be empty and that will be our one and only empty box. And I guess, it's fair to say that we are thinking about that a little bit differently and that given the dramatic changes that the malls had in that particular area of the wing, with Sears going out and Primark and DICK's taking that over. And the interest in mixed use, we'll probably go more mixed use, more big box, and since we added all the small shops connecting the two malls, yeah, you could say maybe, our thinking is different, but I would tell you that I  hopefully it evolves every day, so maybe on the margin.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: But I would also say to you that we are analyzing virtually every box that we have and we keep a running strategic assessment of who is not in each of our properties that would be appropriate to be added to that property including the other mixed use potential because it's a market specific analysis. So we are anticipating potential opportunities to recover these boxes, and so we are not going to be caught flat-footed when the opportunity present themselves.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Floris van Dijkum from Boenning. Your line is open.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood: Great. Thanks, guys. I have a question. And David, this sort of relates to your comments about your private equity friends employing leverage. What are your plans for your Hudson Bay joint venture? And what do you  how do you see that business evolving?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I don't know  Floris, I don't know why you would relate those two. I mean, those are  those guys are real operators, and I think they're going to  they're evolving to be best-in-breed, so in that, in the department store area. So look, I think that we've got so much optionality with that joint venture, it's  right now, it's business as usual, but those optionality to take it to another level is as the landscape changes, but right now, it's business as usual. We're looking at selective boxes to redevelop within the existing portfolio. They continue to improve upon their fleet putting money back into the physical real estate and I continue to be impressed with how they operate through stores.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood: Okay. And then a question, I guess, on the  your international properties, just  I know you talked, your leasing spreads you usually cite are for the U.S., but I am just curious with the 99.8% occupancy in your international portfolio, what kind of leasing spreads are you getting there, are you really able to push rent?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yes, very much so. A lot of it's new. So we don't have a lot of rollover yet, but the answer is yes. It's a good question. Again, we kind of look at the cash flow growth, but maybe there is some numbers there that we can get to you next time.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood: Great. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Harris from Uniplan (79:38). Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. Good morning. So I am 20 years plus working on my American, but hopefully you can understand my question, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Only too loudly and clearly, okay? We understand everything you say.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. So yesterday, the administration put forward plans to reduce the corporate taxes down to 15%. Now, this is not a new idea and who knows whether that ends up at that number. It does look though there is a move to lower corporate taxes. I mean, if you can give any thought to a level at which it might make sense to become a C-Corp.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Again, a very good question. I thought you're going to bring out the game yesterday. Tottenham, my  and we're on a good streak until yesterday.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah. I know. Well, yeah, I think you'll make it, so that's an aside.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: All right. So I  you sounded a little depressed on the call, but anyway it's a good question. The reality is, it's worthy, doubted we would change. But let's see what the number is and  I mean we do have a lot of depreciation in our business. So...
Unknown Speaker: But that might go away.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I don't think so. I mean  what I understand is bonus depreciation is part of the thing to go back and forth. I mean there is no reason to model it right now, because you know God knows what's going to happen. But it's interesting our taxable income is $7 thereabouts. So at 15% without accelerating depreciation, I'm not sure why I would suddenly want to pay that to Uncle Sam. But if they change something with the depreciation rules, maybe it's of interest. But I would rather give that 15%  I'd rather give that money to our shareholders as opposed to the government.
Unknown Speaker: No, I mean, I guess the flexibility that would come from being a C-Corp would be a potential in setting aside what rate it is...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, I agree other than you know we do have taxable income of $7. So, which again, if our FFO per share is $11.50, the mid-range, $7 that's not too shabby.
Unknown Speaker: Right.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: ...so, maybe they'd have to change the depreciation rules to really get us to think about it, I think.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Good luck for the rest of the season.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Unknown Speaker: Bye.
Operator: And we have a question from Christy McElroy from Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. It's Michael Bilerman again. David, I'm curious you've talked a lot about the narrative in the negative rhetoric that's out there in the popular press. I'm curious if you've opened  if you had an open invite to these journalists to come to something like King of Prussia or Del Amo or Aventura where, I don't know if they can find a parking spot at 2 o'clock in the Saturday, but bring them to those assets?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I don't know. I mean, I'd rather bring my shareholders there. So I mean, I think some have tried to paint the other side of the picture and it just doesn't seem to be working. So I'd rather  I think our folk  I'd rather bring shareholders wherever they like to go, we're happy to tour them, explain the business, we certainly do it with sell-side and so on. We're certainly  we communicate all the time with our investors and shareholders. I think that time better spent and time is better spent running our business than trying to get the narrative change, it just  I'm only expressing that point of view to try to anybody that's concerned about the narratives, see  that's on this call, at least sees the other side of the story, that's all I'm interested and expressing on this call. And importantly, that's evidenced by our numbers, but I'd rather spend more time with our shareholders and our teams, they're just  I just don't see as being successful and changing it right now.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: One of the things you talked about in your shareholders' letter, was it, we have too much retail per capita in the U.S.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yes.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Some of it becomes obsolete. I know we have little exposure to this industry will feel the pain and this feeds the overall narrative? I guess what is your expectation of retail that needs to come out? I mean, is there any  is that shifting at all?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, it's interesting. Look, I can't sit here and predict what per capita we should have. That's way above my ability to forecast or even have an opinion on. I will tell you this. Certain malls are actually that maybe shouldn't have been built or maybe in the right trade area or actually  they last a lot longer than people think. And so, I don't know, I have no idea. All I worry about is what our portfolio can produce in terms of cash flow and I don't really have an opinion on kind of what the right U.S. numbers should be. I just don't have an opinion.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. All right. David, thanks for the time.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you. All right. Thanks. Sorry, this ran a little longer and appreciate all your questions. We do like giving everybody a chance if interested to ask your question, and given there's no more, we can go on through the rest of our day. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc. David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc. Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc. Andrew A. Juster - Simon Property Group, Inc.
Analysts: Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Jeremy Metz - UBS Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Carol L. Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons LLC Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. Paul Edward Adornato - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Simon Property Group Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will have a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Thomas Ward - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you, Bridget. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of the risk factors relating to those forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning. We had strong results to wrap up a very good year. We completed and opened several new developments and redevelopments. We successfully executed several capital market transactions, further increasing our liquidity, extending our average term, and reducing our average weighted  average interest cost, and we continued to achieve strong financial results. Our full year 2016 FFO per diluted share was $10.49, which includes a $0.38 charge for the early redemption of our 10.35% notes. On a comparable basis, full-year FFO per share was $10.87, and increased 9% year-over-year. We once again delivered compelling FFO growth and we have achieved a compound annual FFO growth rate of more than 11% over the last three years and 13% over the last five years. The $10.87 exceeded our initial guidance range of $10.70 to $10.80, even after the impact to our FFO of the $0.08 charge we recorded in the fourth quarter due to our decision to postpone the construction of the Copley Residential Tower. We are excellent project managers and had obtained 14 out of the 15 required approvals needed to proceed with the tower and expected to get the last one, but unfortunately, the goalpost kept moving. The change in the project approval dynamics and the uncertainty of receiving the last approval, combined with the rapidly rising construction cost and our heightened concern about supply in the Boston residential market, prompted us to postpone the project and take the charge. While write-offs of development costs can occur in the real estate business, it is rare for us to experience a charge of this size and we're not pleased about it. For the fourth quarter, FFO of $2.53 per share includes the $0.38 per share loss on the extinguishment of debt. On a comparable basis, excluding the debt charge, but including the $0.08 charge of the Copley Residential write-off, FFO per diluted share increased 6.6% year-over-year and comparable FFO per share growth would have been 9.5% without the Copley charge. Moving on from our results, now could be the time on the call where I could go into a lengthy philosophical discussion on the popular misconceptions about the mall business, created by the never-ending current public narrative. And I could counter that by pointing that we have 434 department stores in our portfolio, and only one is vacant, and how in the recently announced department store closing, we have only one closure in our portfolio, or how we have added more than 275 sit-down or quick-service restaurants, more than 20 entertainment concepts, and more than 80 big box tenants across our portfolio over the last four, five years, or how we've added mixed use components to our centers in the last several years, we have built 10 hotels and residents representing nearly 3,000 units, or how according to a recent survey a Generation Z members, a group that outsizes Millennials, 70% of those surveyed visit the mall at least once a month and visit more than four stores during the visit, or how the consumers still like to shop in stores, because they want to touch and feel the products before they make a final decision, or how online retail sales have grown to less than 10% of total retail sales, and that the retailers who occupy our centers represent approximately two-thirds of those total online sales, or how leading e-commerce retailers, like Warby Parker, Blue Nile, UNTUCKit, Shinola, among others, are opening physical stores, because the inherent advantage a physical location provides as well as being a natural extension to the digital world, or how basket sizes are higher, return rates are lower in stores compared to online purchases, and margins are much higher in the store than they are in the Internet, or how emerging brands like GUIDEBOAT, NIC+ZOE, Peloton, to name a few, continue to see the mall as the launch pad to build their brand awareness, as a result of the significant traffic they experience being at the mall, much like Apple or Microsoft did several years ago, or how we are making all these changes and enhancements to our center, even though Congress has tilted the scale towards e-commerce by not implementing the Marketplace Fairness Act, which not requiring the sales and use tax to be paid by consumers who buy products online, even though they are required to do so under existing laws. But I could do that, but I won't, because we've talked about that all before, so I'd rather focus on what we do and how we do it, and that is we reinvest in our properties, making them the best centers in the respective markets. We grow our earnings, we generate excess cash flow, we pay higher dividends, and we achieve all of this while maintaining the industry's strongest balance sheet. That's our model and that's what we do for the benefit of our shareholders, our communities, and our retailers. We continue to record solid key operating metrics and grow our cash flow. Over the last six years, we have doubled our dividend from $3.50 in 2011 to an expected payout of at least $7 this year and increased our annual cash flow after distribution by more than 20% from $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion even after having taken into the account the loss of cash flow from the spin-off of WPG. We continue to see strong demand for space across our portfolio. Our malls and premium outlets occupancy ended the year at 96.8%, 70 basis points higher than year-end 2005 and near historic high levels. Leasing activity remains solid, the malls and premium outlet recorded leasing spreads of $7.82 per square foot, an increase of 12.7%. In our supplement this morning, we have provided new information regarding our leasing spreads. Our new disclosure is based upon an open and closed methodology, excluding less than one year terms and captures a higher percentage of our leasing activities than our previous calculation with over 8 million square feet of annual leasing activity included. Our base minimum rent was up to $51.59, which was up 5.4% compared to last year, reflecting strong retailer demand for our locations. Total portfolio NOI increased 6.7% or more than $380 million for the year. Comp NOI increased 3.8% for the quarter and 3.6% for the year. Comp NOI growth was impacted by more than $30 million decline in overage rent for the year due to the lower sales volume at our tourist-oriented centers. This lower overage rent impacted our comp NOI growth by approximately 60 basis points for the year and to put this all in perspective, which we think is important. Over the last five years, our comp NOI has increased an average of 4.4% per year and our annual comp NOI has increased by $1.2 billion since 2012. Now let's talk about reported retailer sales at our malls and outlets, were $614 per foot compared to $620 per foot in 2015. Sales per square foot for our combined malls and outlets increased in each successive months during the fourth quarter, reflecting consumers' strong interest in holiday shopping at our centers. Reported retailer sales continued to be impacted by the strong dollar at some of our tourist-oriented malls and outlets. Excluding the impact on those centers, sales per square foot was flat for the year. We are the industry leader in gift card offerings and productivity. In 2016, we achieved record gift card sales with a 14% year-over-year comp growth. Consumer interest in our gift card program is a really good indicator of traffic to our centers. And these sales support our view that traffic was up in our centers for 2016. Quickly on redevelopment, at the end of the fourth quarter redevelopment and expansion projects were ongoing at 29 properties across all three platforms, with our share of the net cost at approximately $1.1 billion. We completed a number of strategic developments in the fourth quarter and we'll complete a number of transformations throughout 2017, including The Galleria and La Plaza Mall, College Mall and a new development we opened two new projects in the fourth quarter, which promise to be great additions to our portfolio. First of all, Clarksburg Premium Outlets had the strongest open of any premium outlet in a long time, shoppers swarmed the D.C. area's new premier home for outlet shopping and Brickell City Centre in Miami opened in the fourth quarter. We believe it's a landmark mixed-use development offering unparalleled shopping, dining and entertainment experience. Construction continues on another full price development in Fort Worth at Shops at Clearfork, which is anchored by Neiman. We also have five new outlets under construction, one in Norfolk, Virginia; four in the international markets, France, South Korea, Malaysia and Canada, all scheduled to open this year. At the end of the fourth quarter, our share of investment at these six new development projects was $506 million. Now let's talk about our fortress balance sheet, which continues to differentiate us compared to our peer group. 2016 was the first year that our annual fixed charge coverage was over 5 times. We completed three senior note offerings during the year totaling $3.8 billion, with an average weighted coupon rate of 2.86% and weighted average term of 11.4 years. The $3.8 billion is a record amount of notes we have ever issued in a single year. We also retired five series of senior notes comprising $1.9 billion at a weighted average coupon of 6.5%. We completed 27 mortgage loans with a weighted average interest of 3.67% and 9.4 years respectively. Our share of these mortgages was $3 billion, another record amount in a single year for us and contrary to media reports about the inability or ability to finance malls. Our current liquidity stands at $7 billion. We also repurchased 1.4 million shares of our common stock for $255 million in the fourth quarter. Dividend, we have paid a record dividend in 2016 of $6.50 per share and have achieved the compound annual growth rate of 12% over the last three years. Today we announced a dividend of $1.75 per share for this quarter, a year-over-year increase of 9.4%. As I mentioned previously, we expect to pay at least $7 per share in 2017, which will be an increase of 7.7% compared to 2016. Finally, guidance, our 2017 guidance range is $11.45 to $11.55. This range represents approximately 9% to 10% growth compared to our reported FFO per share of $10.49 in 2016 or 5.3% to 6.3% compared to our comparable FFO per share of $10.87, which, without question, will be the high end of our peer group. Once again, our range is based on the following assumptions, comparable NOI growth for our combined mall, premium outlet and mills platform of (16:31) 3%, no plans or disposition activity, a rising interest rate environment, the impact from a continued strong U.S. dollar versus the euro and yen compared to 2016 levels, including the translation impact of our international operations and the impact on domestic spending by international tourist and a diluted share count of approximately 361 million shares. And we're now ready for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I was wondering, your redevelopments, you have previously said, you think you can spend $1 billion through 2018? Does it look like if you go past that 2018 and still continue to spend that $1 billion a year?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Craig, I think the answer is most likely. Obviously, we do expect to redevelop a lot of the Seritage joint venture projects over time. And there may be other department stores. But I think, we feel reasonably good about that kind of number but we're going to also  look, I think, the most important thing that we've done for ourselves and probably I could say for the industry is we've invested in our product. We are in the physical real estate business. And by having a good product, well tenanted that looks and feels good, we think drives traffic and we think helps our retailers and our consumers. So we'll continue to invest in our projects because we know it does pay dividends literally and figuratively.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then you touched on the international shopper, I mean, is that shopper plateauing  not plateauing but leveling out, stabilizing? And should we think of 2017 increase in percentage rent relative to the amount collected in 2016?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, we're being relatively conservative. I mean it's impossible to project what's going to happen with tourism and the dollar vis--vis the yen or the euro or the real in terms of  down in South America, so we're taking our best estimate. Obviously, we've experienced a lot of volatility in that area. These are great assets that we want to own for the long run. But we are suffering a little bit of extra volatility. I think we did see a plateau in the fourth quarter, Craig, on that as evidenced by our sales increase in each and every month. It was below the 2015 levels, primarily because of that tourism spend, but it is starting to get a little bit better. I think you've seen a number of the luxury players announcing better results, but it's just a volatile world, volatile market and we do our very best at projecting what we think it is. And that's our number and we're kind of more cautious than anything at this point.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our next question is from Paul Morgan with Canaccord. Your line is open.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Just on the lease spreads, you changed the reporting and I get your reason in terms of it being a bigger chunk of the activity. I mean, it still kind of shows a drop year-over-year. And I'm wondering, I mean, if you were to have reported it on a kind of the same basis, would it kind of have been comparable to the 10.9% you had last quarter and how should we think about next year?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. I figured it would  you would ask that and it would be a 11.7%. But let me take a step back, because I think this is really  so Paul, it would be a 11.7% spread, okay. That's the question to your first  that's the answer to your first question. But let me take a  let me explain to you how we think about our business. We run our business for cash flow growth, NOI growth. Okay. And the metrics spit out but we don't manage our business for metrics. So, when the market reacted to our leasing spreads, we said, well, we kind of have a feel for them, but that's not how we run the business, we run the business for cash flow growth. Obviously, that's been a pretty good strategy because we've grown our comp NOI by $1.2 billion over the last four years, five years, guys. So, that strategy that I've had about growing our cash flow and focusing on comp NOI has been pretty damn good because $1.2 billion is bigger than most REITs. I don't even know how many REITs have $1.2 billion of NOI. So, put that aside. So, we were looking  boy, the market react to these spreads, what is it? So we did some research. And I'll give you a small example. So, we have a  because it's same space to same space is how we historically calculated our spreads. So, we're picking up, as an example, a  taking back a Forever 21 box in St. Johns mall, okay, which was, I don't know, 15,000 square feet thereabouts. We split it up into three rooms, Tesla, Apple, what was the third?
Unknown Speaker: Tory Burch.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Tory Burch. We had huge rent spreads, but because it wasn't same space to same space, for whatever strange reason, it wasn't in our numbers, okay. So we said, look, one of the goals that we're going to do to run our comp NOI is try to downsize as many of the retailers to increase their productivity and to put in as many tenants as we can and in these great malls because we'll get  we'll actually get more productivity, which could lead to higher rents. But because it wasn't same space to same space, it wasn't in our numbers. So we said, well, timeout. We've got to do this on a basis that gives you a better perspective of our strategy. Again, we are not overwhelmed about lease spreads, and it's all about getting the best retailer in the best space at an appropriate rent. And we're going to be downsizing tenants where we can, upsizing them where we can. And if they're not that same space, it's not going to be in the spread. So we went back to 2015 and did it based on the new calculation. We're going to be doing  we did it for 2016 in total. And I gave you the number for what it's been under the old methodology, but we think, this is better. And it will pick up the ability for us to do what we do best, which is grow our comp NOI. As I mentioned to you, that's what I focus on, that's what we  when we sit and go through the mall, we don't talk lease spreads, we talk about how we're growing the cash flow. And we've had this discussion, we had this discussion on tenant sales one year, we had the discussion on occupancy one year, now, it's lease spreads. My friend, we focus on cash flow growth. Now that's allowed us to increase our comp NOI by $1.2 billion and increased our dividend from $3.50 to $7. I don't know, what else I can tell you.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: That was very helpful. And just a quick  a follow-up on Sears. You mentioned how you have almost no anchor vacancies in the portfolio and a little exposure to the closings that have taken place. Obviously, there is kind of speculation about maybe a larger volume at a faster pace coming back. Maybe you could just give a little bit of color on kind of how something like that might play out in terms of your portfolio even if it's maybe a longer-term positive, what would kind of be the short-term dislocation and kind of what do you think it would look like in terms of backfilling space?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, let me just  without  let me tell you why we've been able to grow our comp NOI is because we believe in our product and we invest in our product. And I think what we have seen from some in the retail world is, they're not investing in their physical stores and they're investing more online and the margins online are not what they are in the physical environment. And so, if they're not keeping up with our  the bargain that we're doing, we have  we'd love to get the space back and redevelop it. And so, we're prepared for any and all scenarios. Hopefully, they will invest in their stores, but if they don't we'd rather take them back and redevelop it. But Rick  I'll let Rick add to that as well.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: One of the things that we are doing, have been doing and will continue to do is we have a constantly updated grid on all the boxes that are interested in each of our properties and we know exactly where we can accommodate them based on the opportunities that present themselves. David mentioned in his comments, we've replaced over 80 of them in the last five years. We're ready, we've done it on a disciplined basis. All you have to do is look in our 8-K in every quarter, you're going to see all that activity, it's continuing and we are ready to do it. And in virtually every instance, where we have replaced an anchor, we've increased our sales, increased the number of reasons that people come to shop our properties and we've made good returns on our capital.
Paul Burton Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great, thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is open.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: David, just related to your comments regarding managing the business for cash flow, in terms of your approach to the leasing environment today. On one of the last calls you talked about your experience with Aro and PacSun and maybe not offering as much rent relief going forward as you did in 2016 and just letting stores closed. And so with a lot of retailers out there today talking about store closures, just wondering what your thoughts are on managing that process today and are you seeing more request for rent relief than you did a year and two years ago. Just trying to piece together the noise and versus what you're actually hearing.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. Sure. I think that it's  Christy, I think it's safe to say we're seeing more request for rent relief. And I wish there were like  we're certainly prepared to look at it as leases expire. However, we're not going to go into 2018s, 2019s and 2020s for retailer who wants to do that. And the fact of the matter is, our view of it is, a lot of times they ask and you certainly don't lose anything by asking. So we do  we deal with it at, at least expiration and it really is a case-by-case basis. But I'll tell you a fascinating thing that I've learned at Aro  with the Aro investment. So and it's just the dynamic of Wall Street, retailers, chasing Internet sales, there is a whole philosophical discussion that will take too long on this call to do. But one thing at Aro that I learned is that that management team could produce higher level of profitability, higher gross margins if they didn't have the Wall Street constraint on worrying about comp NOI or comp sales growth i.e. they could generate more cash flow because they're not worried about posting a comp sales number that's below market expectations. Well, I'm a business guy, okay. And I kind of like cash flows. So we've got this Aro and we're still in a turnaround and I don't really know, how it's all going to work out. But it's like the management team has been unleashed in terms of how to run their business for profitability because they have no concern about posting a comp sales number that Wall Street wants to see. I'm not damning Wall Street, but the reality is sometimes it's okay, just to think about cash flow. And obviously, there is other metrics that people are more interested in. But we sat down and we focused on return on equity, cash flow growth, I mean, I think we'd see different dynamics from the retail community than what we have. But getting back to you, so the point is, if there is a lease action, i.e. a expiration, it's a case by case or more people are asking about it than in  than they were maybe a couple of years ago, the answer is yes. We did experience less store closures last year than we did in 2015, the way we had suggested we would, that's why our occupancy went up, but I'm not going to sugarcoat it, retail environment is not  it's not robust, it's doggy dog right now.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then, with percentage rent still trending down a lot year-over-year, I'm just wondering is that decline still only being driven by sort of the pressure from international tourist spend or is there another point of weakness there? And as you think about 2017 and your 3% store NOI growth, what impact are you expecting from any further decline in percentage rent, should we start to see that impact to be?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I'm hoping it would stabilize. The reality, it's only because of this  the strong dollar and the tourism spend. It's  we've studied it. Look, there could have been  we have  I think the other thing to keep  I mean, we have energy oriented assets, Oklahoma, Texas, we have the peso, so I mentioned the euro, I mentioned the yen, but you throw in the peso, you throw in the Canadian dollar, I love that all, again, the energy market, that all had an impact on overage. I'm hoping the energy market is a little more stable. Obviously, the dollar, the currency is going to be a volatile year. We did our best guess by  we estimate every tenant and whatever, we have a formula that does it. But I mean, it's more of an art, not a science, we'll see but that's the sole impact, it's only because of the dollar and tourism.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then just one final point of clarification on the re-leasing spreads just because we get asked about it a lot. With the change in methodology, is the rent relief that you granted last year still in the calculation or no?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yes.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Alex Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Hey, good morning.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning out there. Just a few questions here, David. First, obviously, we all read Internet, newspaper, whatever median it is and you hear all the retailers making noise. But in practicality, in your experience, you mentioned fewer store closings last year than 2015, how much sabre-rattling is there among the retailer to say hey, we're closing stores versus when you guys get in there, their talk is different?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well I think, it all depends upon what point are they in their financial equation. Look, I think  and again, this is more philosophical, but what we'd like to see from the retail community is a dedication back to improving the store environment. We think a lot of the capital that has been put forward has been to chase Internet sales, a lot of that has been done through promotional efforts. And between that and the promotions required to get them to buy online between the cost of shipping and the returns, it's not a great model for them. And we think it would be and we've done so much to drive traffic in our centers, we've got decks that all these retailers, we've sent out to them. We did a couple of tests in middle market malls about what we can do, we put an ice skating rink, we did concerts, we've done so much to drive traffic to the mall, to the store. We think, if they could pivot somewhat, it would do everybody a world of good. And at the end of the day, it is more profitable for them by and large, I'm sure there is a retailer here or there that would argue this. But it is much more profitable for them to have that transaction happen at the store, okay. And I just think there needs to be a pivot back towards that. And then I think it would be better for everybody's business. With that said, I mean there is a lot of noise, we're going to have to kind of go through the noise, I won't tell you though, Alex. I mean, the business is  we're growing now, we're pros at grinding, nobody does it better, nobody has ended up at the end of that grinding in a better spot than we have. We've done some of our best work in those grinding moments. We've got the group and the management team and the personnel. We don't have turnover, where Midwestern roll up your sleeves folks and it's not as much fun but we get the job done. I mean look at our balance sheet, $7 billion of liquidity, a 5.0% no floating rate debt, we did the most financing ever last year, so we got to deal with it. Don't really know how it will all shake out while we've been relatively conservative on our comp NOI, but that's not to say we don't have work to do to achieve that. Because I don't want to sugarcoat anything here, I mean we're in a  the retailer have to pivot in my humble opinion, what do I know, but in my humble opinion, they need to pivot a little bit and we're trying to encourage them to do that, but we'll see if we have any success in that. You know what I'm saying, Alex?
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yeah. No, absolutely, I don't think anyone would ever say that you sugarcoat stuff. So, no I think it's clear. More to that point, though, the department stores seem to get a lot of headlines when they announced  Macy's announced (38:45) et cetera. You guys mentioned 80 boxes backfilled and that you have plans for basically all of them. Do you think that there is an ability to see just acceleration of conversion of department stores or based on supply and demand you actually don't want that many back at any one time, the pace that we're seeing right now, whether it be a Seritage or Macy's or whoever the department store chain is, the current pace that we're all seeing is actually the right pace to maximize supply and demand or do you think that you can increase that to get at more?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Alex, this is Rick. First, let me underline one point, which is we've analyzed all of our department stores. We know their sales, we know their occupancy cost, we know their market position. And these stores have  witness the fact that of all the closures that have taken place, virtually none have been in our portfolio and that's because the productivity of these stores in our portfolio and the profitability of these stores is in the higher quartiles of all of these operating fleets. That said, we are ready to take them back should the opportunity present itself, where we can make money and do it on a cost effective basis. We know what we will do with these stores if we get the opportunity. We are, in fact, marketing them now and going ahead with redevelopment plan. So we know we've got tenants lined up and what we would to do stores if they become available.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay, Rick. Thank you. Thanks, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: And our next question is from Jeremy Metz with UBS. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz - UBS: Hey. Good morning out there.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Good morning.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's out here. We are out here.
Jeremy Metz - UBS: As you've got more of these anchor boxes back, F&B has played an increasing role (40:53) in terms of some of the re-tenanting of those spaces. I was wondering can you talk strategically about your desire to add more F&B. How do you weigh the credit risk versus doing more traditional in line, maybe just framing out how much of the portfolio is F&B today versus where you see it growing?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well I would say  yeah, one of the best things that we've done, we  the industry has done is add a lot better restaurants over the last five years. And I think, we've added, what, 275 was the number over the last five years. So we think, that's a trend to continue. We think one of the best things that we've seen in terms of our entrepreneurial focus has been on the F&B side and not only that, but also on the entertainment side. Like what we're doing at Clearfork, what we've done with some of the mills boxes. I think, that's a trend, I don't have the exact percent that we've increased it from X to Y. We can get that for you, I don't have in front of me. But it's clearly been a meaningful increase. And we do think, as some of these like Seritage joint ventures and even if we get some of the other department store boxes back, part of that will be to add F&B, to add entertainment. But also and I said a lot in my remarks and I'm not very eloquent, so I stumble over most of my words, but I mean we did add 3,000 units. I actually had us double-check that because I said, let's add that in our text, between apartments and hotels keys, we added three units over the last few years. So we do think, it's also, we know we failed at Copley and I'm not happy about that, is a mea culpa there. But the fact is we've added 3,000 units, which is not all profitable other than the Copley experience. And we think, a lot of that, that this stuff will be mixed use, as well. So it will be probably generally away from just pure apparel. If you see what we're doing in McAllen, when we took the Sears box down, we are adding like traditional retail, but the front of that will be five  is it four or five restaurants?
Unknown Speaker: Five restaurants.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Five restaurants kind of front of the mall there. So I think that's going to be an absolute  continue a trend and we're seeing more and more exciting concepts like  look, Shake Shack came out of nowhere four, five years ago, great operator, great company, great people to do business with. But we're seeing more and more of that creativity coming in that whole category.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: And, Jeremy, let me just say, it's not only just adding restaurants, but I encourage you to go out and visit the Westchester and Roosevelt Field and King of Prussia, and look how we are transforming the environment in which these food operators are conducting business in our properties; greatly enhanced seating areas, entertainment areas, play areas, you name it. So with a much more sophisticated environment, which we know will extend the stay of our shopper and attract a more affluent shopper, because they are more inclined to spend time in the environments we're creating.
Jeremy Metz - UBS: Appreciate it. And would that include adding grocery stores at any point?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure. I mean, we added Wegmans recently. We're under construction with 365, which is a Whole Foods product, and there is a bunch of other activities in that whole area. So we think that's a nice mix to add to.
Jeremy Metz - UBS: Appreciate that. And if I could ask one more. I mean, in the opening remarks you mentioned no dispositions in 2017. Just given some of the commentary about the increased pressure in retailers, there is a secular change we are seeing in shopping online. Does this alter your view at all on the appropriate size of the portfolio long-term and strategically make you think about possibly considering for any more assets from you?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Look, I think we've always shown that we've  we'll prune. So, it is very likely that we'll sell additional assets throughout the year. But we're not  I do not believe in selling. You have to understand, I'm maybe a little bit different. But I look at the present value of the cash flow stream first when I decide whether we should sell or not. Obviously, we think the mall or the asset's going away, then that present value, you can get a  if you can get it for  you can get a little premium to the present value of that stream, it can go away. But we don't sell assets, because of my help or sales per square foot go up or down. I look at cash flow. That's worked for us, because  I mean, look at our balance sheet, look at our NOI growth, look at any metric you want to compare us against, nobody in this industry has done that. So that kind of strategy has worked, but we still have assets that probably don't fit in our long-term view point and if we can make a decent trade, we will. But we're not going to be  we're not going to give away stuff just because we think it might help our metrics.
Jeremy Metz - UBS: I appreciate the color. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, guys. Just, David, I guess, I'm curious to build on your earlier remarks. What's the catalyst that you think is needed to allow retailers to make that pivot? Does it require more privatization of retailers, like you've done with Aro? Is it we need e-commerce sales to slow, so that refocuses Wall Street maybe on profits? I'm just curious how that never-ending narrative converges maybe with the perspective of the mall owners, because it is a wide chasm and it  I'm curious what your perspective is.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think it takes leadership and courage. And I think they have to believe in the product that they are selling, and if you believe in the product, then you should invest in the product. And if you are a physical retailer, then your product is stores. And if you believe in the store model, you should invest in the stores. Just like we're in the mall business, we believe in the malls, we're going to invest in the malls, and it takes leadership. It's contrary to what Wall Street wants, because they want Internet sales and, I don't know, maybe Wall Street is right. But I think it is very easy to shop on the Internet. So, if you don't have a good looking physical store and good looking service, quality service, and if you don't have inventory in the store and you're promoting more online than going to the store, in my humble opinion  I don't know a lot, but in my humble opinion, it's a self-fulfilling prophecy. So I would like a little bit more conviction in what they do. Let's talk about the casino business. You could say the gaming could all go online. But if you're Steve Wynn, you build the best product, you have the best service, and lo and behold, people show up, they gain, they participate, they stay there, and he gets great returns on equity. He has got unbelievable conviction and he puts his money where his mouth is. We need that in our business. What's hurt our business in retail, frankly, is that there has been too many leverage buyouts with too much debt, and we all know no matter how good a retailer you are, you're going to run into ebbs and flows. And lo and behold, when you run into that scenario, you've got a balance sheet that can't withstand it. I can't tell you how much pressure is because of that as opposed to because of the Internet. We can go chapter and verse, and what that also does means they don't invest in the stores. So there needs to be a complete shift. I don't have any influence with how they think and how they operate, but we have conviction in our business. We're going to invest in our product and we're going to drive traffic to our malls. And that's everything that we do. So you're going to see that from our stand. We're not going to starve our malls. We're not going to starve our marketing. We're not going to starve our personnel. We're going to try to be as efficient. We're going to look for return on investment to be as high as possible. But at the end of the day, we believe in our product, we have conviction in it, and we're going to invest in. And that's not to say the internet doesn't play a very important role. And we've all talked about the omni-channel and the seamless and this, that and the other, but my friends, it's more profitable to get the consumer to shop in your store. That's what we'd like to see a little bit more of.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And when you talked to the leaders at other retailers and your tenants, I mean, do you find that there is broad conviction of what the end game looks like for them, that mix they want between online and store based or is that still being felt out and that's really kind of the root of this uncertainty, the never-ending narrative?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I think it's a lot more uncertainty than it should be.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And I'm just curious because you mentioned...
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: In a sense, we're at their mercy, but we've been at their mercy before, but we'll figure a way to deal with it. I mean, that's what we do.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Has the way you asses tenant risk changed at all? Because like you kind of referenced is that transition to maybe more of an e-commerce or omni-channel platform is putting a lot of stress on these guys. So you could have a great experience for the retailers in your properties, but chain-wide they could be having issues, because of debt or other issues. Have you guys changed how you assess tenant health for people you sort of select for your properties?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, we haven't  I mean, we're very  we're probably as conservative about tenant improvement or tenant allowance, given the balance sheet and for long-term than anybody. But I don't think that's changed. I mean, we have a great credit department. They do an analysis and we listen to them. That's not to say we won't experiment here or there, throw some spaghetti against the wall. But, no, I don't think that  I don't think, Jeff, that's changed at all in terms of how we'll underwrite that.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And I'm curious just on the share repurchase. Off-hand, do you know how much capacity you have remaining under your authorization? And, I guess, how are you thinking about future repurchases?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: $1.4 billion  look, I think we'll continue to do that, given kind of where the world is. Obviously, until you do our earnings, we -- there are some restrictions on that, I won't bore you with that. Look, we believe in that, but on the other hand, I think you've just got to be thoughtful about how you do this. I do think  I've seen retailers run into problems, because they brought stock back, because that's what they thought Wall Street wanted. And, again they did it. They did it because  and they did it  they didn't invest in their stores, because of that in some cases. And again, I'm not trying to be overly critical. I'm just  we've got to  our industry has to invest in its product, just like Amazon. What a great company. But, are they making investments? You betcha, in more ways than I can even keep track of. If we don't have that same conviction, or any industry, -- look at the drug companies. They invest in R&D for this drug. It's not that complicated. We don't invest in the physical product. We got no shot, and so you got to be careful. You can't buy so much stock back, and we've seen a little bit on the retail side that at the end of the day take the capital away from investing in your product. And so, we'll do it kind of like  I think we -- what did I say, we had $1.4 billion left. So we'll continue to take advantage of market imperfections.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's great. Thanks, guys.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC: Yes, good morning, everyone. David, you guys have a track record of kind of consistently beating your initial guidance, and I was looking for signs in your commentary about if guidance could be conservative in any way. You did mention that you might possibly have conservative same store NOI guidance for 2017. And I was just kind of curious why the conservatism and where could the potential upside come from.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I think I outlined it in my talk, which was basically, first of all, Tayo, as you know, our FFO per share is higher than anybody in our peer group that I know of. If there is somebody in the retail that's  real estate that's got a better per share FFO growth, I would like to know it, but I've looked at all, everybody's numbers and I don't think anybody is out there. But put that aside, we are a large  and we are, obviously, the largest company in that space. So that puts even more pressure on a per share number than if you are a smaller company. But put that aside, I mean it's basically translation. Why are we being conservative? Translation, the retail world is squishy. We have the potential on the stronger dollar based upon what all of the stuff that's going on out there. And we think we are projecting in our numbers the highest  higher. We have very  not a lot of floating rate debt, but we do have debt that matures and stuff that we refinance it, and then our floating rate debt is the lowest in the industry, again. Right, Andy?
Andrew A. Juster - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Right.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: So it's about 6%, less than that?
Andrew A. Juster - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Right, 5%.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: 5%, see, I'm always more conservative. 6%  5%, so we're projecting a higher rate environment, we've got translation, strong dollar, we've got the impact on tourism, and a squishy retail world and that's our number. I mean, we've always beaten in the last  I don't even remember the last time we missed our numbers. I mean, does anybody here in this room know? It's a long time, it was  Rick was -
Andrew A. Juster - Simon Property Group, Inc.: In 42 of the last 44 quarters (58:39).
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. All right. So it's been a long time. I mean, over 10 or 11 years, that's a pretty damn good streak. I think Rick was 35 back then. The number is the number.
Unknown Speaker: In diapers.
Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC: Got you. Then one more for me, if you could indulge me. Just in regards to the share repurchases, again, you guys have authorization for up to $2 billion. You've done about $600 million so far. Did a decent amount in fourth quarter, but doesn't seem like you have any share repurchases built into the 2017 guidance. Just kind of curious why not and kind of what decision process you go through to determine when it's best to kind of execute with the share repurchase program.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, we want to take advantage of any market volatility and we're going to be conservative on it as well, and I explained to you, I think the most important thing for us to do is invest in our product. But the simple way to look at is we were planning this big Copley investment. It doesn't look like it's going to be, so I'm kind of thinking like, okay, let's reallocate that within reason towards share repurchase, because now we are not going to need the capital to build this tower, but at the same time, I've been more philosophical than I normally want to be on these. We're going to invest in our product. So it  we expect to do it over a period of time. It's hard to pinpoint exactly the number, so we think it's better just to tell you what the reality of our guidance is at this particular moment.
Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC: Got you. All right. Thank you very much.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah, no worries. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Hey, good morning/afternoon, everyone. Just wanted to ask a question. Sandeep on the GGP call earlier today talked about an increasing  tenants being more agnostic today about the type of retail that they're located in and more focused on just the overall quality. I am just curious if you guys share that sentiment and if so, how that is or may change the dynamic between your conversations with traditional mall guys that may be looking to go out of mall and vice versa, traditionally non-mall tenants that may be looking to get into the mall?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, certainly, I agree with that statement. But we've been a retail real estate company since we went public, as we've had a very diverse retail portfolio. We started with malls and community centers. We ended up participating in The Mills product. We ended up, obviously, participating in the outlet product. We spun-off the strip center business, the small mall business. So we think we have very deep relationships with all the retailers and we always have thought of our company as a retail real estate company, if you go back, from the get go. But I agree 100% with Sandeep's comments that  and that's why I do think the product, whether it's an outlet or a mall or a big power center, retailers are going to gravitate towards the best location with the most critical mass. And we do think that that  if, in fact, we do get some of these department stores back, we're probably going to have the ability, we're probably going to have some supply that will allow us to bring  create more critical mass with more diverse uses, and I think that will very much compete effectively with other products around the mall environment. We all know how retail has evolved. I mean, the mall location has always more or less been the central hub of retail in that community. So the fact that we're going to get potentially some of these department stores back, I do think that  and the critical mass is already a real advantage to the mall, that should bode well to increase the uses.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: And I will tell you that we have already been in conversation with a number of retailers, whose predominant footprint is in power centers, and they are very anxious to come into our properties. The only constraint, as David has said, is being in a position to afford them enough square footage that meets their requirements with parking and visibility from the street, well, that's what all these department store boxes provide. And frankly, I alluded earlier to all of our conversations about redeploying these boxes. A lot of those conversations are being had with retailers that are now predominately in community and power centers.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We did an analysis, I won't name a name, but a well-known retailer, big retailer. I think we have 30 leases with them, and given where their rents are, we felt like we would only have to lease four boxes, four out of the thirty, to replicate the income stream. And I don't want to sit and name retailers and who knows whether we'll get those back. But, I mean, that's the opportunity. So you've got 30 leases, but they were done a gazillion years ago, and the quick and dirty analysis that we had is we had to lease four boxes to replicate that income stream. So the rest of the 26 or thereabouts, don't hold me exactly to these numbers, but it gives you the order of magnitude, that's exactly kind of the potential upside that we have, and now if in fact we get those leases back, we're going to have more product available, but we're also going to have, I think, great opportunities to increase our income stream.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks for that, and maybe just going back to Aro. You sounded pretty positive on the ability of the management team to unleash some additional cash flow now. I was just curious if you could share some of the things that they're doing differently today than they were prior to the bankruptcy in terms of sourcing or merchandising or branding or even the price points that they are targeting.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, I mean, they're doing all of that. I'd just say the simple thing is they're focused on  it's a different mindset. It's a more efficient company. It's a smaller company. It's more focused on gross margin, and it's got better relationships with its suppliers and they don't have to chase, unless you guys make us report what their comp sales are. But since it's a completely immaterial investment from us, don't expect me to provide it to you. We're focused on cash flow, which is liberating to that team, and frankly, liberating to us and the partners and I mean, it's great. It's interesting. We're learning a lot. We've still got ways to go. It's never easy to take a company out of bankruptcy, but we've got a shot at doing it.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And just last question on the FX headwinds that you mentioned that are embedded in guidance. Is there any quantification you can provide in terms of FFO per share impact or maybe just what you're assuming for yen and euro for the year?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I mean, obviously, we have, but I would focus on $11.55 times 361 million shares, which gives you our total FFO close to  what?
Andrew A. Juster - Simon Property Group, Inc.: $4.2 billion.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: $4.2 billion. Within that $4.2 billion of earnings, there is always going to be $100 million, thereabouts. I mean, we are a big company. I mean, I could give it to you, I have it here, but it would bore you. You don't need it.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Well, thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Okay. Yeah, don't worry about it, we'll do our best.
Operator: And our next question is from Carol Kemple with Hilliard, Lyons. Your line is open.
Carol L. Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons LLC: Good afternoon. It sounds like your investment in Aropostale has been a very educational and rewarding experience for you all. How is your appetite for doing a similar investment in the future?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, given how the market reacted to the Aro deal, it's probably not high on the list. But I don't know, look, I think we've got to prove to ourselves that what we're doing there we're going to be able to accomplish. So, I would never rule anything in or out. It's not high on the list, so.
Carol L. Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons LLC: Okay. It'd probably be several years down the road.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's just not high on the list.
Carol L. Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons LLC: Okay. And then in the quarter, your G&A expense was up a little bit from last year and from the third quarter.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Carol L. Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons LLC: Was there anything one-time?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yes, there was. Our General Counsel retired, as you're aware, and so basically the pop is also associated with that retirement.
Carol L. Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Rosivach with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. I know we're over an hour, so I'll just try to be quick with two here. The first was in terms of The Limited, there one of the retailers that we've heard are going to be closing stores and we counted about 75 in your portfolio back in December. So, I was wondering if you could comment on your plans and any progress so far in backfilling that space.
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. Obviously, that has been on the horizon for a while. We have been actively leasing their spaces there across our platforms and we've already got a significant number of those spaces, where we are processing leases and our proposals out to a lot of tenants. And we will deal with it just like we've dealt with all the others that have come down the pike and the ones that will come down the pike tomorrow. The best defense to all of these things is having great properties. And as David's been articulating, we're spending the money to have great properties. And when you have great properties, you have demand, and the downside is just the downtime while we replace them.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And then in the prepared remarks earlier you guys touched on the gift card sales and traffic being generally up, and that being a good indicator. I'm just wondering since we get asked, is that how you judge traffic, by the gift card sales or is it by a number of things meshed together?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, we have traffic counters in a handful of malls that supports that statement. We also have parking counters in all of our outlet business, which I think was up 1.5%. Right, guys? So it's a combination of what we have invested in the mall  in the mall thing with basically our camera technology and then the traffic parking counters in our outlet business.
Unknown Speaker: And just a quick follow-up on that, up 1.5% in the outlet, was that for the year?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yes.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our next question is from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good afternoon. Just two quick questions here. First of all, on how you're classifying the same-store pool, I think it changed to comparable for the period compared to at the beginning of the period for past quarters. Is my understanding correct? And if so, is that so you can sort of better capture redevelopment, development projects that might be included in the same-store pool that come on during the course of the year, but might not have been there at the beginning of the year?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No. It comes in the year that is after a year, so it comes in that quarter after a year, so it's not a change at all.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So no change in how you're reporting the same-store pool?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Correct. I mean, that pool changes, because if it's been open a year, it goes into that pool.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: No, no, no, I get that.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: But  yeah, no, no, no.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And then just maybe more specifically Bangor Mall, I recognize that was a property with Macy's in it. I did notice it was classified under other properties, whereas previously it was malls. Any sort of thoughts as to if that's meaningful or how we should think about that?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Extremely immaterial. Our FFO contribution from Bangor Mall is $1 million out of $4.2 billion.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I recognize it's immaterial. I was just wondering, it moved to other properties, at least from a CMBS perspective, is that...?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: It's immaterial.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks. Just wondering, are there any updates on the Klpierre stake that we should be thinking about or how the McArthurGlen investments are progressing?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Generally, the business on both fronts is decent. Klpierre reports next week, so I can't add much more than that, and McArthurGlen has been a terrific investment for us. We open a big mall in Provence in April. And it's actually gone better than we anticipated and a great partnership.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Okay, that was it. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Floris van Dijkum with Boenning & Scattergood. Your line is open.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning or good afternoon, I guess, we've just passed the 12:00 hour. Quick question, David or Rick, you mentioned 434 department stores today, one vacancy. How many department stores in five years' time do you expect to have in your portfolio?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: You want a number? It would be just a guess. I mean, my guess, it will be  if I have to guess, I don't know, maybe  it really depends on the one big guy out there, so I can't  I don't want to guess. It will be less than that, but I don't want to put a number on it.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Is there potential where we could see maybe a halving of that or 40% reduction of that, in your view?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: No. No, no, no way, no way, no way.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Okay.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I don't see it. No, I don't see that.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: And then maybe a related question, your $278 million investment in Hudson's Bay, what are the plans for that and is that company mulling a potential IPO similar to Seritage?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I mean, it's always the possibility. I don't think it's been a huge focus at this point. The investment's going according to what we thought it would be. We're looking to grow that partnership with some redevelopment of that portfolio and potentially some other transactions. But at this point pretty stable.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Great. And then last maybe, but not least, you mentioned there is a weighing in your capital allocation between buying back your stock and investing in your real estate and always trying to maintain a healthy investment in your real estate. Do you have sort of a target of how you think about that per annum, in terms of reinvestment versus the obvious attraction of buying back your own stock right now?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, look, I think the investments that we make at this point are extremely accretive, because the redevelopment, new development I think on average is 8-plus percent. So, that's had a multiple that is lower than buying our stock back. And, obviously, as you know, we've always  the most important thing we can do besides that is have a balance sheet that can withstand whatever craziness that maybe out there. So  and those are the two priorities. And then as well  and then frankly, we'll dabble in the other one when the markets  when we're out of favor and the market, for whatever reason, doesn't believe in our product, we'll try to add to that. But we still have a number of accretive investments. We're at 8% plus and we want  we, obviously, want a balance sheet that continues to  I would not look  I would not overlook the fact that our coverage is 5.0. I mean, I know people rather talk about leasing spreads, but that's something to mention.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Agreed. It's very few of your peers have that.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yes. But we'll dabble, but it's not going to be a priority.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Thank you, Floris. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Adornato with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Paul Edward Adornato - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. Just a follow-up in terms of capital allocation, could you comment on tenant allowances in new leases? What should we expect going forward? Is that you're at the point at which you have some leverage over their capital allocation in their space?
Richard S. Sokolov - Simon Property Group, Inc.: The TA has been very constant year-over-year and it's right in line. It's right around $40 a foot, and that's what it's been for the new leases.
Paul Edward Adornato - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, great. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our next question is from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks. Just had a related question to that. You talked a lot about reinvesting in the malls. So, besides redevelopment towers, should we just longer term expect to maybe a change or increase in operational CapEx overall? And then maybe you could talk about how that differs for different quality mall spectrum.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I don't think, Simon. I think we've been pretty active. We still have  we're about to start on a major redo of Boca Town Center, this  once we get all the permits. We've done a lot of work. I mean, the good thing about what we've done is, once we kind of felt like the world  we had a big pike, we had 2008-2009 hit. We chased a couple of deals. We got a couple, but we didn't get everything, and in 2009, at the end in 2010, we've been very active on redevelopment. In fact, we've done a lot of good stuff. So we still have a lot to do, but we've done a vast majority. So I don't think there's going to be this significant change. But we have got to invest in the product. We will continue to do so. Certainly we still have a reasonably stable economy. And let's also put in perspective about everything, and the economy grew, the GDP was 1.6%. So if you take out 1% of inflation or thereabouts, I mean, that's pretty pathetic. So we're holding our own in a very, very non-real growth environment.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And just a quick one. There is some volatility or decreases in management fees and operating costs. Any comments around that?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah, it's all related to WPG and losing those management contracts.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, guys.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our next question is from Linda Tsai with Barclays. Your line is open.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes, hi. There was a Journal article not long ago discussing how Washington Prime has Amazon Lockers in 50 of its centers. Do you have any of these in your malls, and if so, has it shown to be an additional traffic driver or a source of conversion at the other stores?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We do not and better luck for them, to answer that.
Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our last question is from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. It's Michael Bilerman with Christy, and thanks for staying through lunch time. David, in your opening remarks and the list of things you said you were not going to talk about, but you talked about, you mentioned Main Street Fairness, and I'm curious where things stand with the administration on trying to get that through. And at the same time, how much time you're spending with your retailers on border adjustability and how that could impact them, and is this the year in terms of how all the stuff will unfold?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, listen, on Marketplace Fairness Act, I don't think it's an administration issue. It's really a Congress issue. The Senate's ready to go. What I gather, the administrations understand it. It's really being held up by the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee. He's actually had  his district has actually come under  had some tough retail news that's come out of his district. Frankly, I don't understand it. I don't get why there has been no progress there, but I don't believe it to be an administration issue. It's really just one committee in Congress that's sitting on it, and it's a travesty. And we've all lobbied, but  I mean, it needs to change. It's just not fair. And if anything, the government should be about fairness and not picking winners and losers. At the end of the day if the consumer wants to shop online as opposed to bricks and mortar, that's life in the fast line, but they shouldn't choose that because they can save sales and use tax that they already own. And I mean it's a sad state of affairs that hasn't been done.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Well, I guess if we have a new President that's focused on jobs and if online is stealing sales away from bricks and mortar, that's affecting profitability of some of them, one would imagine that's a job issue.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Well, yeah and not only that, but what the courts  there is a number of states that are going to basically overturn the Supreme Court decision anyway, in our opinion. So it's just  they are taking it out of Congress' hands and it's just going to end up in litigation in every state, and it's silliness. It ought to be done, but  I mean, I don't know what else to tell you.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: You also mentioned gift card sales as a predictor. How much of the gift card sales are coming back and being spent in Simon Malls? And are you able to determine what that activity, where  what type of retailers is it going towards in terms of the people who are actually using the cards?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: We actually can't keep track of it. But I think in  we think, just anecdotally, that there is a good percentage of that, very high percentage.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then just lastly, we've seen a number of retail locations bring in the Amazon Lockers. And I'm curious more so on the logistics companies and I don't know if you listened to UPS' call this morning, but the fourth quarter they saw 10.5% increase in deliveries to residential homes, which was the largest increase that they've seen in 10 years, and that they are wrestling with how to deal with that volume of packages that are needed to go. I'm just curious if you've had conversations with the FedExs and the UPSs of the world to leverage the significant amount of parking field (1:26:55) that you have for that last mile delivery, if perhaps retailers are shipping from store, doing other things, where you create a little bit more of a vertical perspective.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I mean, look, we've invested in Deliv, which basically is  the mall group is basically invested in that. There is couple of other concepts out there that we're looking at clearly. We do think shipping from store, picking  delivery or pickup at the stores is all very important and the mall, we think, will play a big role in that. But, again, we think lot of the online activity, on the research that we've done, one of the highest things is price and saving the sales tax. And that equalizes and we do think a lot of retailers are promoting a lot more to get online business than they are in the physical world. I mean, all that can balance out pretty quickly. We'll have to see.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Right. I guess, is there a probability you put on Main Street Fairness this year or (1:28:14)?
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Honestly, I don't understand it. It's the most frustrated thing we've had to deal with. You've got jobs at risk. You've got  it's not fair. You're going to have Congressmen in certain districts where retail facilities close, because of it potentially. You're going to have less sales revenue in those states, in those jurisdictions. It is one of the most confounding things I have ever seen. The courts are going to take it out of Congress' hand, and it makes no sense to me and I'm hopeful the administration knows that. But I don't think their  I don't think this is their issue. I mean, I think it's stuck in one particular area of Congress and it makes no sense to me.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Right. But one would hope the administration potentially can use blunt force and some other things (1:29:26).
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: I can't comment on that other than, obviously, I'm encouraged by the focus generally on business being part of the equation to get this economy growing. That to me has been very encouraging to see. What can we all do to make this economy grow better and faster. And I  that to me has been encouraging.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes. Okay. Thanks for the time, David.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Okay. I think, operator, I think that's it, right?
Operator: That is all the questions. Yes, sir.
David E. Simon - Simon Property Group, Inc.: All right. Thank you. Sorry to have kept everyone so late. But as you know, we want to answer any and all questions that you may have. We appreciate your support, your interest, your questions, and I'm sure we'll talk to you all soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Ward - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations David Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Rick Sokolov - President & Chief Operating Officer Andy Juster - Chief Financial Officer Steve Broadwater - Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Michael Bilerman - Citi Christy McElroy - Citi Jeff Spector - Bank of America Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill Paul Morgan - Canaccord Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Floris van Dijkum - Boenning Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Simon Property Groups Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions following at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. And now Ill turn the conference over to your host, Tom Ward, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Tyrone. Good morning, and welcome to Simon Property Groups third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of todays date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, Im pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Okay. Good morning. We had a very productive quarter. We started, completed opened several significant redevelopment and transformation projects that will further enhance the value of our portfolio. And we continue to achieve strong financial results. Before I get to some of the highlights of the quarter, I would like to quickly highlight our outlook for the remainder of the year. Based on our performance year-to-date our current view of the quarter, we are once again increasing our full-year 2016 FFO per share guidance range to $10.85 to $10.87 which was higher than our original guidance of $10.70 to $10.80. Our increased range also reflects the potential charge of $0.08 per share with respect to our likely decision to postpone the construction of the Copley Residential Tower, due to the rapidly rising construction cost and our beginning concerns around supply and demand in the Boston residential market. Work will continue on redeveloping and modernizing the existing retail space at the center as well as the development of the Southwest Corridor, which will create a new entrance to Copley. We expect this work will enhance the shopping experience for our guests and retailers and further strengthen our position in the heart of Boston and will be completed by summer of 17. Assuming we make the decision to postpone, it does not foreclose the opportunity to build the tower in the future as market conditions warrant. Now let me turn to the quarter. FFO per share was $2.70, an increase of 6.3% compared to the prior year, for the first nine months our comparable FFO per diluted share is at 10.1% compared to the prior year period. We continue to see strong demand for space across our portfolio, combined occupancy for our mall and premium outlets, ended the quarter at 96.3%, an increase of 20 basis points compared to the prior year. Leasing activity remained solid. The mall and premium outlets recorded re-leasing spreads of $6.71 per share per foot, an increase of 10.9%. Given our high occupancy level of above 96%, the remaining space we are leasing, while not as well located, continues to produce healthy re-leasing spreads. And as a reminder, we include lease amendments for the restructuring of leases, where we choose to work with retailers in certain situations pre or post-bankruptcy such as PacSun. Base minimum rent was $50.76 up 4.5% compared to last year reflecting growth in our rents, our occupancy cost of 13% as well. Now, just as everyone knows, my focus is on cash flow growth and I believe this is the most important metric for the investment community focused on. Our total portfolio NOI increased 7.3% year-to-date and 6.6% for the quarter, third quarter. To put our growth rate in perspective, the 7.3% year-to-date growth is more than $300 million. Our results to date keep us on track for our full-year guidance of total NOI growth of more than 6% for our portfolio. On the NOI overview schedule included in our supplemental filed this morning, you can see the various platforms of growth that contribute to our portfolio of NOI. The diversity of sources, fueling our NOI growth is unique to Simon. Comp NOI increased 3.5% year-to-date and 2.2% for the quarter, our comp NOI results are affected by declines in overage rent due solely to the impact of the strong dollar on our tourists spending at our centers are active in extensive redevelopment pipeline across all our property platforms as we relocate, reconfigure a significant number of tenants in order to enhance the future of retail and dining experiences at our properties and our decision to strategically moderate the marketing and specialty income in the common areas of our highly, of our very high-end portfolio. Total retail sales per square-foot at our malls and premium outlets were $604 compared to $616 in the prior year period. Reported retailer centers continued to be impacted by the strong dollar at some of our tourist-oriented malls and premium outlets, reported retailer sales at our centers outside of our tourist oriented centers. Our stable reported sales also include initial dilution from newly opened space and importantly were beginning to anniversary some of this decline as you can see, recent sequential quarters Q2 to Q3 of our sales productivity is basically flat. The end of the third quarter redevelopment and expansion projects were ongoing at 32 properties across all of our platforms. Our share approximately 1.1, we opened as you know, King of Prussia, which connected to the Plaza and the Court. We finished Fashion Center at Pentagon City. We started the expansion of Allen Premium Outlets of 120,000 square feet in North Texas. And in the next several weeks we open 60,000 square-foot expansions at the Outlets at Orange. And we also are opening our expansion in Venice Italy with our partner McArthurGlen of 67,000 square feet. So we continue to add value across the portfolio. Now, on new developments, just so happens tomorrow, were opening Clarksburg Premium Outlets. The center will offer great retail line-up. We expect it to cater to the whole Washington DC metro area. We currently have five, thats right, five outlets under construction, one in North Virginia, four in the international markets including France, South Korea, Malaysia and Canada, all of these will open in 17. And even though were opening a new outlet next week, the week after were actually opening Brickell City Center in Miami, its anchored Saks. Its got a great retail line-up with great partners in Swire and the Whitman Family and its part of a landmark mixed-use development. We look forward to managing the retail and as a reminder were only investing in the retail. Construction continues on the full price development at Fort Worth, the Shops at Clearfork, anchored by Neiman Marcus, opening in the fall of 17. And these eight new projects represent around $765 million of spend our share. And let me turn to Aeropostale, were pleased to have partnered with GGP, Authentic Brands Group, Hilco and Gordon Brothers to acquire Aeropostale in addition to the existing management team, the ABG Group will add significant operating experience to Aero. We have a long track record of making smart capital allocation decisions. And after reviewing this opportunity with our partners, we believe this investment will prove to be yet another opportunity for our company. Its also important to keep this investment in perspective. Youve all seen the gross number of $243 million. I want you to understand that $188 million of that is inventory being purchased by Hilco and Gordon Brothers and not by our buying group. Our initial investment is approximately $55 million by the group of which, our share is $33 million including working capital. And the only reason we decided to make this investment is because we believe we can make money. If our model is right, we think were buying this company at one to two times EBITDA with future growth opportunities ahead of it. And we continue to believe that this will be an astute investment. And for some of you who dont know ABG, it is backed by Leonard Green, which has been a significant important investor in retail throughout the years, Whole Foods, Neiman Marcus, J. Crew, just to name a handful. Also during the quarter, we acquired our partners interest with McArthurGlen in our two outlets in Naples and Venice. We continue to focus on our industry-leading balance sheet. We completed a number of secured financings during the quarter. We continue to lower our borrowing costs, increase our debt maturity, a term or current liquidity of $6.5 billion. And finally, on our dividend, in 2016 we will have paid $6.50, thats an increase of 7.4% compared to 6.05% that we paid last year, thats a lot. Im ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to ask on the leasing spread topic. I know you touched on it and its been a popular point of conversation here. Since its a trailing 12-month number, are the results were seeing now in terms of lease spread just a pull forward and extension of something that happened to slow down in Q2 or did the third quarter slow too, realizing that it does include lease amendments?
David Simon: Well, we have had, look, lets just put this number in perspective number one. We do include lease amendments and thats having the biggest impact of the growth slowing. Yet if you look at our average base rent, you can see were doing new initial terms where were doing very well. And some of the expiring leases also are a little bit expiring at a little bit higher level. Now, our investors know that over a long period of time, weve always felt like the $5 to $6 spread was kind of always part of our model. The fact is weve done a tremendous job of outperforming that. But the long-term weve always kind of felt that $5 to $6 spread its kind of where we think the market is. We had a couple of years of significant outperformance. But were not backing off our inherent value that we have in our leases as they roll-over. And were just getting back to kind of more of a normalized environment. But for us, I dont know about our peers but for us, we include lease amendments. And the bottom line is that its having some impact on leasing spreads. But that $6 to $7 is maintaining itself and thats kind of what weve told investors year after year after year. And we feel very good about that.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. And then just also you mentioned that right now as you lease space, given the high occupancy, the remaining space might not be as well located. So I guess my question is since you have that high occupancy, what are kind of the thoughts behind making these, lease amendments and working with companies such as you pointed out PacSun?
David Simon: Well, its literally a case-by-case analysis. I think were as sophisticated as anybody. I think when Aeropostale is a great example of our ability to analyze what the right trade is in these deals. And in some cases, were going to take the space back, in other cases were going to help the retailer go through the hard time. And its really a case-by-case - its a case-by-case analysis. But there is nobody I think in our industry thats more sophisticated in our ability to kind of maneuver through those situations. So, its case-by-case, anything can happen. Well, sometimes we work sometimes we get the space back. And certain in the Aero case, we thought the opportunity was even more exciting to just buy the retailer and make a vertical investment that the entire S&P community is doing. Amazon makes vertical investments the cable industry makes vertical investments. And again I would encourage, we decided to make vertical investments, when we decided to franchise Starbuck locations two or three years ago, thats the nature of our company is that were going to be nimble, we have the right judgment win to make a deal with its retailer, when not, when to make a vertical investments, when not, when to go to Europe, when not; when to pull the plug on Copley, and when not. And thats why were in the position were already in today. And each and every case will be one-by-one. Now, I do appreciate and I hope Im right with you, Caitlin. I do appreciate you waiting to write until we have our call. And I do think thats important because the reason we have these calls is for not every - there is not every scenario where you can understand the nuances about whats going on in our business. So I do appreciate the patience, to hear our story. And then obviously you write whatever you want to write.
Caitlin Burrows: Great, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good morning, David.
David Simon: Good morning.
Steve Sakwa: I guess is there a way for you to try and help separate out for us the impact of these amendments on the numbers? Meaning if PacSun and Aero were having as big an impact as they are, is there a way to sort of strip them out and give us a sense for kind of what the remaining lease spreads look like? Because obviously this is kind of the biggest number that people are focusing on, and if these two leases or tenants are having a disproportionate impact, it might help to separate out those figures for us.
David Simon: Well, I dont, look, our business Steve, I hear you. If we need to, we might. But the fact is you got to look at our business in totality. You cant look at it on one operating metric or not. Because what I would ask you to look at is, lets talk about the - we have grown our portfolio NOI $300 million year-to-date. Lets talk about that. Do you want to talk about that? That to me is more material than any one operating statistic quarter-by-quarter. So, yes, we can slice and dice this any way but if we can spend more time talking about how does a company grow its portfolio NOI, there are many REITs that dont have $300 million of NOI yet we grew that in nine months. So, I would rather talk about that thats more material than the fluctuations that have, that are occurring with operating metrics. We could talk about sales - sales are impacted by the fact that we have great properties in tourist markets and the strong dollar. That doesnt mean that thats going to last forever. And but again, there is this high desire to make that the be-all of all these metrics. And again, our number is clean, the results we cant speak to anybody else how they do it. But I, as I said to you, if you want my opinion on whats important, its the $300 million NOI growth. If you dont want that I got it. But thats what I focus on.
Steve Sakwa: No, I get it and I dont think people are dismissing your ability to deploy capital, whether its through developments or expansions. But clearly there has been more pressure on the mall business, so I just think anything that you can do to assuage the fears about the internal growth prospects going forward. And perhaps its just that a $6 to $7 spread on a roughly $60 or $61 expiring rent means that normalized leasing spreads should be 10%. And maybe thats where were going to head to. Theres a new normal in the business. Thats okay; I think people are just trying to get comfort with that.
David Simon: Well, look, I think thats a good point, so lets talk about that. And I mentioned that a little bit in the first question. I think if you asked our investor group, we would have told them for 15 to 20 years that our re-leasing spreads are $5 or $6 a foot, okay. We have had a long period of outperformance on that. Weve gotten better at what weve done all sorts of reasons that we dont have to bore you. And you are right we may be going back to kind of what we have promised our investor base for a long period of time. And the outperformance, I dont think from our standpoint we ever guaranteed outperformance from how we looked at re-leasing spreads. We always said look, its $5 or $6, one year it might be $8, one year it might be $4 but thats kind of what we see the long-term trend. And I still feel comfortable but thats the basis. Now, its no surprise that retail generally has come under pressure, lots of different reasons which we could go into but lets - unless you want to lets not. But the fact is, and we are impacted as I said to you before by our general GDP growth. And to date, our retail generally is there is no inflation and our nominal GDP growth is 1.5%, yet were growing our comps timing. And if nominal GDP, there is some inflation. So maybe real GDP growth is I dont know 50 basis points. Were still growing our business with no inflation in our particular business at 3.5% comp NOI thats not that. Its not 4% plus that we did last year or the year before, but its still in the scheme of being able to grow our business, thats not bad. And Im not defensive about it. I mean, thats kind of what I think we should expect when we have essentially a real GDP growth of 1%, maybe a little bit less, maybe a little bit more. And I think thats what you got to put in perspective.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, I appreciate it. Thanks for the time.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Christy McElroy of Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Thanks, Michael Bilerman here with Christy. How are you?
David Simon: Good, thanks.
Michael Bilerman: So, David, I wonder if you can talk a little bit about putting capital into your stock. Last year you had bought I think it was like $350 million at about 180. Obviously the stock, with some of the sell-off as well as some of the retail headlines, has come off 20%. We spent a lot of time talking about something you spent $30 million on. I was wondering you got a $2 billion share repurchase program, how you feel about putting money into your stock?
David Simon: Well, look, I think at the end of the day the best thing we can do is invest in our product, okay because the stock will go up and itll go down by investing in our product. And I think what unfortunately what I think a number of retailers, theyve not invested in their product, okay. Or theyve chased the holy-grail of internet sales to the determent of what they should be doing with the physical product, as still people want to go physical shopping. And when they go physical shopping, youve got to have a nice physical environment. So we have spent a lot of years wanting to invest in our physical product. And I think thats our number one focus continues to be were well through that. The good news is we have been contrary in that and we started that in 10. And as you know were finishing projects, thats not just talking about projects but finishing a lot of projects. So, I think if that wind down then the opportunity to buy stock back is always there. And I just dont think its a high priority but that could change depending upon kind of where the world is and what the stock does. But I think my job is, the number one job I should be doing is, invest in making my product better. And thats my number one focus.
Michael Bilerman: And you talked in your opening comments about your deal-making over the years and always taking a proper risk-reward and thinking about the capital committed to whether its a project or whether its a venture investment. As you think about investing in Aero, putting $30 million in, is there sort of a house limit that you would want to have in those sorts of investments relative to the whole? And where would it sit within the Simon organization? Is it more within the venture side or is there another sort of area? I dont know if its in the David Simon bucket. Where does it sit within the organization?
David Simon: Well, look, even though Im older I can always learn new things. And Ive learned a lot actually going through the Aero-deal. Were going to act as an investor were going to give strategic direction as a board member. Authentic brands, Id encourage you to look at the brands in the history of that company, theyve done a great job of, they are brand builders. They are entrepreneurs. So, were not going to be running the business, were going to help strategically like we did. It will be, but were - so Ive got my IT guys helping with their IT Systems. Weve got our lawyers helping with their license agreements. So we have a lot we can bring to the table. And thats what makes us unique. And but its not going to overwhelm anybodys particular time, theyve got a good management team that with our strategic help I think will continue to make that profitable. And look, based on the numbers, I think its going to be a compelling investment. But its not without risk. I mean, it is, there is risk out there whenever you make a venture like investment but I cant think of a better team between Gordon Brothers, Hilco, ABG, General Growth to all put a collective judgment to bear to make this a profitable investment. I dont think going back to your first question I dont think this is going to be the wave of the future. I mean, AT&T, I mentioned vertical because I just try to put certain things outside of real-estate in perspective, okay. So, AT&T was buying, going vertical. Theyre spending a $100 billion, okay. I go vertical, I spend $33 million, okay, million not billion, $33 million. And again Im not comparing, Ill just try to put these things in perspective, Im not comparing our business to AT&T or anybody else. Amazon, whats made Amazon great is theyve had the latitude to go vertical. Theyve gone vertical, theyve gone content, theyve gone distribution, theyve gone retail, and that may be the future of corporate America is that youre not going to pigeon-hole these comps. If we want to just talk about leasing a Sears-box that we get back, I mean, thats okay for some companies but thats not what were about. So, again, there is no, we have no bucket, its not going to take away from what were doing, my number one priority is to make our product better any way that we can, technology digital investments look and feel, better retailers, different mix, redevelopment, however that transpires. And making a vertical investment here or there, not going to overwhelm us. But I want the latitude to, and I think the investment community should want us to. By the end of the day, if our underwriting numbers are right and there is risk, were buying a business that ought to be valued at six times EBITDA and were buying at a 1 to 2. And I think thats a pretty good trend. But were not there yet and thats the goal, but thats what were trying to accomplish.
Christy McElroy: Hi David, its Christy, sorry about the three questions. Just bigger picture, the consortium has talked about 300 to 400 store-based count for Aeropostale, there has been a lot of talk about store-count rationalization among national retailers generally in how many stores do they actually need to serve their customers in their market today. Why is that the right number of stores for a retailer like Aeropostale? And what does that imply for your view of the need for other retailers to close stores, especially now that youre looking at this issue through that Aeropostale lens?
David Simon: Well, look, and its very - I think youve pointed out something is very unique, is that were getting a lens at a much granular level on retail. So its very interesting. Sourcing, look, there are five or six things that really make a retailer click, sourcing, obviously rent expense, store expense, the merchandize all of it, packaging, all the stuff that I think at the end of the day were going to make us better real-estate owners. But that remains to be seen. Aero, look, Im probably going to get in trouble for this but since I like you, Im going to tell you. Right now, were looking at around 500 stores in the U.S., as kind of a model. And based upon we expect every one of those stores to be profitable. So, its a much bigger business than we initially went in, in the investment. We were thinking we could justify our investment at a much lower store-base the fact of the matter is we found out there is a lot more store profitability out there than we thought. So, its going to be around 500 give or take. But I think store closings, it is - the pressure for that retailers to invest in the internet to close stores from their investment community is great. I would question whether thats the right strategy because some of these stores are very profitable. Yet, they feel like the headline closing stores, is the answer and then all of this investment into the internet is going to pay all these dividends. The fact of the matter is there is a really healthy physical store environment and mall environment. And I think all of us cant lose sight of that. And thats where we should be investing. So, I do think there will be more pressure on store closings. Unfortunately over our history, were pro to that I dont need to remind you that the top 10 tenants that we went public with in 93 no longer exist in 2016. And we will be able to deal with it, its much easier to deal with it when you have a quality portfolio that we do across all the retail platforms that we have. But its the soup of the day. And so, I dont think it needs to be 300 or 400 or 500, I think there are lots of profitable stores that retailers are feeling the pressure theyve got to do something. And I would like them to invest in their stores its something I would like them to do. But I dont always win that argument. So, were equipped to handle that, thats what we do. And but I expect that trend probably to continue. Now what we did say when we started this year, our occupancy is up. Firstly it is up, so put that in perspective. We also said our bankruptcy store closings would be down in 16, it is down. We had much greater in 15, and weve basically more or less leased all of the bankruptcies that we got back in 15 in a flat-to-tough retail environment. And I think everybody needs to put that in perspective, okay. So, but that doesnt mean were doing cartwheels here. It is, were grinding, word is good as it gets when it comes to grinding. And thats the environment that is presented to us. And well have to deal with it.
Christy McElroy: Thanks so much for the color.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Spector of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jeff Spector: Great, thank you. Good morning. Im also here with Craig Schmidt. I guess, David, if we could just talk a little bit more about the current environment. Lets say it continues; it persists through 17, even 18. How should we think about these rent amendments? How are you thinking about it when youre laying out your budget for next year? Is this just something that we should get used to as we transition here as the retailers invest more money in their stores, we see more store closings? How should we think about that?
David Simon: Well, look, I think again, its a retail-by-retail perspective. Were seeing stabilization in our sales business, if you want to go focus on retail sales Q2-over-Q3 is basically flat. And if you take out tourism, you take out one retailer thats had decreases in sales, thats actually up. So, were not like - there is no huge concern here. But we just, were a product of the overall U.S. economy. Jeff, whats the real GDP growth, you tell me. So, in that environment what do you think it is the real one? Real GDP growth, what would, Merrills got a bunch of smart people, what would they say of this?
Jeff Spector: I think were saying around that 1%, 1.5%.
David Simon: So, I mean, were good, Im not that good but I got a lot of people around me that are good. Thats a constraint. So but it is what it is. Well sort it through and I do think in that kind of environment, were going to have certain deals where we will go back and then were going to have a lot of other deals, frankly, were going to take the space back. And my moods changing a little bit that maybe were better off taking the space back. I think we did play ball a little bit more with the bankruptcies in 15 and the early 16. And thats showing up in the lease spreads. And Im thinking sales are okay, stabilizing, maybe the world gets over all of this stuff thats going on out there maybe we stabilize. A lot of people feel like were headed for growth. So maybe we take more space back. But weve kept the buildings full, as evidenced by the occupancy, there is a trade-off. Were on our target for top-of-the-line increase. So, its not all that bad. So, just put in perspective, 17 will transpire and will do a combination, sometimes will play ball, other times were going to take the space back. And its all a function of retail-by-retail decisions, space-by-space, retailer-by-retailer.
Jeff Spector: Okay, thanks. And I think Craig has one question.
Craig Schmidt: Great, thanks. Maybe I could do a little bit of a pivot here. Looking at your new developments for the outlets, four of the five projects are international. Can we expect to see continued good growth in new projects on international scale? And then maybe more specifically with your longer-term plans are with McArthurGlen?
David Simon: Well, we just had a meeting with - I had a meeting with our partner last Friday. Their business is very good, very solid. Provence is opening in spring of next year which will be fantastic. Were very close on getting the potential to build Normandie, which we think will be a great, which will basically cover the Western Parisian market. That could be fantastic. Weve got a couple of acquisitions that were working on, extensions that were working on. So its all good there, its been, the team are working well together. I couldnt be more pleased with the investment. And I think its Craig its just kind of business as usual. Were still seeing new development growth, very pleased just that weve been able to create that partnership and create that relationship going forward. In Asia, the team is working in a couple of other markets that Im hopeful over time that well be able to build the premium outlet product there. Weve got couple of big expansions in the works Gotemba is an example that could be a landmark extension. So that business is, were not slowing by any stretch of imagination internationally in our outlet business either with McArthurGlen or with our Asian partners.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Next question is from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler ONeill. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning, David.
David Simon: How are you doing?
Alexander Goldfarb: Just fabulous; its earnings season, life is great. So, just a few questions here, let me start with an easier one before I ask one on the favorite same-store topic. Here in New York, obviously, a lot of - sorry, the demand for street retail has gone down a lot, so a lot of vacant spaces; articles about global brands rethinking their street retail needs, especially with where rents are and store profitability. Have you seen as those brands have dialed back, have you seen them, I dont want to say shift back, but have you seen more interest in going in malls where they are profitable? Or from your perspective, theyve always been running street retail, their investment there, separate from their decision to open up in malls?
David Simon: I dont think there is a generic answer to that, I think its brand-by-brand. And generally on the luxury side of those brands, their business is actually, theyre starting to anniversary some of the strong dollar stuff. And obviously we are as well. And I meet with a lot of the folks, I mean, there are certainly some brands here and there that are pulling back but Id say generally and youre starting to see the numbers like from LVMH and Kering that have posted recently. Their business is good, pretty good. I think New York is - this is a novice because we have no street retail. But New York is a little confusing to them because you got 5th, youve got Madison, youve got Downtown, youve got different - youve got new developments, you got West 57th Street, so theyre all trying to sort that out. I think in our business, it hasnt changed. And if anything Id say the mood is generally better than it was six months ago, if you want a generic statement. And I think New York City itself is just different because theyre all trying to figure out where they need to be given whats going on in New York. But we dont have a dog in that hunt. And I think Brickell is going to be I mean, we have a little delay with the hurricane and I guess it really, technically wasnt a hurricane or not, Im not really sure. But Brickell I think is going to be lot of the retailers rope-in in the first quarter of next year. But I think that mix there is really going to be great, cool. I think the stack-store is going to be great. And the demand on that just continued to pick up, right Rick, over, month after month. And I think thats a good indication that if you have a good product or you have a good scheme, retailers are coming. Rick, you want to comment on Brickell?
Rick Sokolov: I think Brickell is certainly going to show that there is going to be a great mix of designers, food, international retailers and right now were 91% leased. And as David said, the opening is going to take place over. Were going to have a big slug over the next few weeks and another big slug over the first quarter of next year. The only other thing I would say to you is that we are seeing the international retailers like Zara, like H&M accelerating their focus on our properties in the United States because there is demand to grow in this market. And we are seeing that.
David Simon: And I would just say, weve got just to finish the whole thought and then you can ask me, if its on comp NOI, its not a tough question, its going to tell you exactly what Im thinking.
Alexander Goldfarb: You dont know the question yet, David.
David Simon: All right, all right, bring it on.
Alexander Goldfarb: We dont give our questions in advance.
David Simon: All right, okay, good. Thank you. Thats what I like about you Alex. So, but just to finish the luxury, people that would populate street retail in New York, we say luxury, not that its easy but were making progress with Clearfork and thats in Fort Worth, Texas. Were going to have those kinds of brands, not a lot of them but the right ones. We opened King of Prussia with the connection and again, a lot of those are opening. But the results from those high-end brands have been fantastic. So, that part of our business is different, I think its interesting its actually starting to do better than maybe what youre seeing and whatever is being talked about in New York street retail. But I really, I dont know, I dont really have a dog in that hunt.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Then the second question is it sounded like you said that bankruptcies and the issues really peaked last year and that you guys were more accommodative with retailers trying to restructure. And, therefore, it seems like this year were seeing the impact in the same-store metrics. At the same time, I think you said that the tourism impact strong dollar is also anniversarying. So it almost sounds like next year we should expect same-store metrics to get a positive bump as these trends sort of anniversary. Is that fair? Or as you guys look into your leasing for next year, we still should see some of this impact, whether its on re-leasing spreads or same-store NOI etcetera? Should we still see that in 17 or is 17 going to be a little better because this stuff anniversaries?
David Simon: Look, I think the big unknown is just whats going on, all you have to do and youre smart financial guy, look at our P&L right. You could see, put the leasing spreads aside, put all those other stuff aside, I mean, the reality is, the comp NOI is really a function of our overage rent which is right there on the financial statement, okay, its down. Cant help it, I mean, and its really a function of the fact that we got these great tourist centers were having, were suffering from that impact. But I dont think thats a long-term impact. But its starting to anniversary and it shouldnt continue to get worse, okay. But Alex, it could get worse because no one knows whats going to happen with the dollar. The international tourist market is volatile. At best, we live in an uncertain time. But I think were doing, to deliver this 3.5% and deliver over 6% portfolio growth is I think is reasonably good, its not great, but its reasonably good given some of the constraints that were dealing with that are a little bit out of our control, a little bit. Were going to take responsibility for a lot of that stuff, but a little bit out of control. So, I think its too early to tell you on 17. Unfortunately I say this because it starts not next week, the week after, Rick, property budgets?
Rick Sokolov: Yes, week after.
David Simon: Week after where we go one-by-one, space-by-space and well report back early next year what our view of that is. And its a little, there is a little more volatility in being able, the standard deviations probably little bit higher than it used to be just because of the environment that we have that were operating in.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And just confirming youre taking an, $0.08-charge, thats in guidance for Copley?
David Simon: Im glad you asked that. And the answer is yes. That is in guidance. So if we had not taken that charge, our guidance would be up another $0.08.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thanks, David.
David Simon: No worries. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Morgan of Canaccord. Your line is open.
Paul Morgan: Hi, good morning. Just to follow-on on that, so that would be $0.13. I mean is there anything you could point to as a driver of that kind of guidance increase in late October?
David Simon: Well, generally were producing the results we want to produce. So I know the operating metrics on that, perfect, were not going to deny that. I mean, but we told at the beginning of the year, this is the plan, 3.5%, 6%, and were producing a little bit better on that front overall. And thats where it rolls up to. And so, were being very cautious on Copley, we have made the final decision on that. But I think its likely that were going to do that. But weve got, Ive got to run it through the board and - but I want the market to know that that maybe off the table going forward at least for the time being. And we could - look we could have kept it on our books and waited but you know what, I think the right thing to do if we in fact decide to do it will be to pick that hit.
Paul Morgan: Okay. And then you mentioned in terms of the same-store number not just PacSun, but then also I think you said intentionally kind of reducing the specialty leasing program in the common area at some of your high-end malls. Is that a material impact? And kind of whats sort of the thought process behind that? And kind of maybe - if you have a number, youve given us in the past kind of what that program is as a percent of NOI?
David Simon: Well, I think its material and that it does affect the comp number. The comps would be higher had we not chosen. But look, part of what we have to do is, listen to our clients. Our clients to some degree especially in certain areas of the mall very concerned about that. So, we want to be receptive, weve got competition in some of these markets that weve got to be responsive to. And we just think its the right thing to do. We did a lot of research on the consumer. Consumer really doesnt care but on the other hand, we have two - when it comes to the property business, weve got to listen to our clients i.e. the retailers, etcetera. And we obviously have to be listened to the consumers, they diverge here but in this case we want to be as sensitive to the clients as we can. And some are very sensitive to us and we dont want to keep that from bringing the right mix into some of these centers. And that has hurt us over the years. Weve thinned out in the very high-end properties. Yes, go ahead.
Paul Morgan: I was just going to say, has this strategy been kind of accelerating recently is why you mentioned it in terms of the same-store number this quarter or has it kind of been ongoing over the past period of time?
David Simon: I think its been, look, we didnt really do it last year because a lot of these projects were in the state of development. But its clearly been - its clearly been throughout 17.
Paul Morgan: Okay.
David Simon: And remember, this stuff builds, it has more of a...
Rick Sokolov: As you go later in the year it has more of a back-end impact, okay. So it kind of builds, its less important in Q1 and Q2 just because seasonality of our business.
Paul Morgan: Great. Then just last question; I appreciate all the color on the Aero-economics. And just wanted to ask, thereve been dozens of similar bankruptcies over the years and you probably couldve had opportunities to do something similar then. Maybe could you point to anything outside just the economics of it that makes you think differently about this? And then just going forward, I know you had the macro view about vertical integration, but anything more, kind of your narrow business driven where you didnt do this for years and now it looks interesting?
David Simon: Well, I think thats a very good question. And I would say this, I think as weve gotten to know authentic brand group we now have, for us to have done this without their involvement on how to stabilize and then grow the brand, I mean, that would, I might have that expertise a couple of years from now, maybe, I mean, Id say, we, I doubt it, but maybe, you never know. And I think having and we have talked, its very interesting. Ive been talking to authentic brands over - for a year about another, brands that might fit into this model that we are creating. But they didnt come to fruition for whatever reason. But I think we finally, we have, over this last year been able to develop kind of an operating model and platform. Theyre great at brand building, having general growth as part of that. And their ability to bring their real-estate and their thoughtfulness to the table in terms of how you operate the business was very helpful. So having the liquidation angle solved with Hilco and Gordon Brothers was critical. So it was really the long - in a nutshell it was really, because the partners were able to do it. The partners brought so much to the table that this was the right deal. If it were just us on our own, Id be the first to tell you I dont know that we would do it, weve done Starbuck franchises but thats we did by the way. And I encourage everybody that goes Del Amo, goes to Pinks Hotdogs, thats owned by your company, Simon Property Group. Im so, excited about that franchise as we own. Its great hotdogs. Its an institution. Thats - weve got a small group that kind of runs that business, this is a little bit out of the ordinary. And I would say simply put, the fact that we had this partnership that was able to navigate all of the complexities of this. And so, I think thats the important determinant of why we did this versus not doing others.
Paul Morgan: And the partners see it as not necessarily just a one-off, but something that could be replicated?
David Simon: Yes, but weve got to walk, crawl before we run.
Paul Morgan: Great, thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Next question is from Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Rich Hill: Hi guys. Thanks for the time this morning; and I always appreciate the transparency. I wanted to just ask a quick question about the lease amendments, maybe in the context of your broader portfolio of malls. You have obviously the luxury of seeing across the productivity spectrum. So when were thinking about lease amendments in maybe your higher-quality malls, is it may be the case that some of these tenants are paying above-market rents to get into the best-quality malls and, therefore, you might still be incentivized to make a lease amendment? Maybe reduce their rent, but recognizing its still a pretty attractive rent overall? Is that the right way to think about it? Then maybe if you could provide some color, if any, about how youre seeing lease amendments on malls doing $700 a square-foot versus maybe those doing $350. But I do appreciate that its mall-to-mall.
David Simon: Well, I mean, thats the bottom line. Certainly we have some of those cases. But it really is mall-by-mall, space-by-space. And what the retailer relationship is and what we think the retailer future is. I wish there were simple straightforward answer but there is not. We try to use our business judgment in figuring out what the right is. Its also we want to be conservative or do we want to be aggressive whats our mood of the future. As you know last year, we had a lot of bankruptcies. And we gave direction to like okay, were starting to change our attitude a little bit, I cant tell you that its going to be a complete reversal. And we try the right we make the right judgment call. Now I will tell you lease amendments are like anything else. Once you do it for one retailer, dont kid yourself, you hear about it, and it goes everywhere else. Part of our job is to contain that. And but weve experienced this before, we did do is in other economic times. And again, our business is fine but its not, its - were trying to be accommodating but we could shift our strategy pretty quickly. And we try to evaluate it one-by-one. Rick, do you want to add anything to it?
Rick Sokolov: I would say to you the most important consideration to realize this - these are lease amendments that are not forever. One of our considerations is do we have a better replacement tenant but that tenant wont be ready to open for a year or where it is in the project and what is the project. So all of those factors come into play as to how we want to deal with this specific room and how we price the room and how we interface with that tenant. And the only other point I would make is that, and it gets lost some times. But today our portfolio has never been stronger, never been better physical condition, never had a better mix of small-shot tenants, better mix of boxes, better mix of restaurants better set of amenities. So, we are on a continual basis taking share and thats our focus to make our properties as compelling as they can be. And that helps us in dealing with all the things youve been talking about.
David Simon: And again, the business we are 96.3% occupied. And as an example, Macys announced 100 store closing. Their closing, Macys is leaving one of our malls, theyre leaving one of our malls, we think. And a very small mall that has basically no financial impact to us at the end of the day. So, there is this narrative and the mood. But the fact of the matter is, go back to 7.3% NOI growth thats $300 million. Lets put it all in perspective, okay.
Rich Hill: Okay, thats very helpful. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Floris van Dijkum of Boenning. Your line is open.
Floris van Dijkum: Great, thanks. Could you give a brief update on whats happening with your Seritage JV?
Rick Sokolov: We are basically in the same position that we articulated in our last earnings call. We have identified users for our boxes. We have plans for our boxes. We are not going to proceed with that redevelopment. And so we have a firm understanding of our returns and the costs of downsize from the Sear stores. There are conversations going on right now regarding those costs. And as soon as we have a clear understanding of that were in a position to proceed to try next year on some of those redevelopments.
Floris van Dijkum: And that would include the Primark at Burlington Mall?
Rick Sokolov: That is independent. That is proceeding as is the addition of Primark at South Shore in a portion Sears which is not in Seritage. The Primark lease at Burlington was, existing at the time we did our joint venture. And that is proceeding.
Floris van Dijkum: Great. Thanks, Rick. David, a question for you in terms of how sustainable do you - I mean, youre talking about the 6.6% to 7% NOI growth, but if you put that in perspective, you do that for a decade youve doubled NOI. I mean is that realistic for a $100 billion company?
David Simon: Were working to achieve that, okay. I cant, Im not that clairvoyant to look out that far.
Floris van Dijkum: But do you see anything near term thats going to break that streak?
David Simon: Well, I think were going to lead our industry and portfolio NOI growth as weve done it for so long, I dont see any reason why we cant continue.
Floris van Dijkum: Great. Thanks, guys.
David Simon: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Michael Mueller of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: Hi, I guess going back to Aero for a second; you discussed this as being more of an opportunistic investment. But out of curiosity, when you first thought about it and got into it was it more a defensive play to control store closings? How did you look at it initially?
David Simon: Not at all, as I said in my opening comments, I mean, no one would put new money into a business that we didnt think would have exciting future. And thats evidenced by kind of the group that we have bought the companies. So we certainly get the benefit of Aero paying rent. But thats not a reason to invest in a business. We could re-lease those spaces. And thats not, thats not a factor in putting new money into investment.
Michael Mueller: Got it, okay. On the outlet side, you talked about international expansion. Can you just talk about the U.S. and what the opportunities are that you see over the next 5 years, 10 years, just what does that pipeline look like?
David Simon: In our outlet business?
Michael Mueller: Yes, outlets.
David Simon: I think, the pace may not be as hectic as weve done over the last three or four years. But Norfolk we open next year, were going to actually start another outlet in the spring of this year, spring 17 in a very good growing market. Weve got another one under serious examination. So I dont think it will be as maybe as active as weve had over the last two or three years, but well selectively do some stuff one, at least one a year on average, maybe two. Weve got some I think some unique opportunities. Were also very focused on expanding with the Allen deal. Adding 120,000-square-foot to a center that does, I dont know $600 plus a foot, and the outlet business is very attractive. So there is a lot to do with domestic portfolio as well.
Michael Mueller: Got it, okay, that was it. Thank you.
David Simon: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. So David, I just wanted to go back to something you just said just a minute ago. As you deal with retailers like Aeropostale and PacSun and go through your lease negotiations, how do you really contain the risk that somehow leverage doesnt move more towards retailers that might be in trouble, that might come back to you and try to do similar deals going forward?
David Simon: Well, as I said when this happens, you get, you do get a - it does tend to spread. On the other hand its very simple, so were not going to do it. So that changes the dynamics pretty quickly. So, look, again, we dont, this is a space-by-space, retail-by-retailer decision. Its not pervasive throughout. But this and again I explained to you our rationale as to why we kind of did it 15, 16. But its something that well reevaluate every day with every retailer. And my instinct is that we could be changing how we dealt with kind of the 15,16 stuff already. But it will be a case-by-case basis.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just going back to your development pipeline, you have about $3.5 billion worth of projects. Just given that some of those projects or a lot of them were probably started at time where maybe the view of the health of the retail environment might be a little bit different, how should we think about the overall arc of capital deployment? Is it reasonable to expect that number to come down going forward?
David Simon: Look, there is nothing in our redevelopment that were not doing other than potentially Copley. And Copley was I mean I would encourage everybody to study whats going in construction cost and whats going on in supply and demand there. We did not want to be, unfortunately the build there is longer than it should be because of the nature of how we have to reinforce the structure. And we spent a lot on it because to get approvals and to make sure we had the engineering to do it. But the reality is, when we started seeing the construction cost, it just not the right time to do it with all the supply and the cost there. We dont see that anywhere else in the portfolio. So, weve got a lot of very interesting stuff to do beyond what were doing now. And like I said weve done some really good work in the field and King of Prussia, being part of Brickell, Clearfork, weve got plans to expand Fashion Valley and I could go through the whole list. But that part of the business is unabated because we think investing in our great real-estate is what we should do for a living and thats not changing. But we do have to worry about supply and demand. And Im not worried about supply and demand in our retail portfolio. In the case of Copley I got nervous about it. Be the first to admit.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. This ends the Q&A portion of todays conference. Id like to turn the call over to Mr. David Simon for any closing remarks.
David Simon: All right, thank you for your questions. And well talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Ward - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director
Analysts: Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Paul B. Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Robert Jeremy Metz - UBS Securities LLC Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co. Alexander D. Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Paul Edward Adornato - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2016 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call will be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Tom Ward, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Thomas Ward - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you. We had a productive quarter. We're pleased with our strong financial results. We started, completed, opened several significant redevelopment and new development projects that will further enhance the value of our portfolio. We completed the acquisition of The Shops at Crystals, and we continue to achieve strong operating and financial results and raised our dividend yet again. Results in the quarter were highlighted by FFO of $2.63 per share on a comparable basis excluding a gain on the sale of marketable securities. In the prior year period, FFO per diluted share increased 9.1% or $0.22 year-over-year for the quarter. And for the first six months, our comparable FFO per diluted share is up 12.1% compared to the prior year period. Our operating metrics were strong as well as our cash flow. Our mall and premium outlet occupancy was 95.9%. The 20-basis point decrease in occupancy from the prior year period is a direct result due to the new developments and expansions we opened recently. Leasing activity remains healthy. The malls and premium outlets recorded releasing spreads of $8.88 per square foot, an increase of 14.8%, and our base minimum rent was $50.43 which was up 4.9% compared to last year, reflecting the strong retail demand for our location. And as a reminder, we provided additional new metrics summarizing the composition of our total portfolio NOI. Please see this in the supplemental and the release. And for the second quarter of 2016, our total portfolio NOI increased 7.4% and has increased 7.6% year-to-date. Our comp NOI increased 3.2% for the quarter and is up 4.1% year-to-date. Total reported retail sales per square foot at our mall and outlets were $6.07 compared to $6.20 in the prior year period. Let me put a couple things in perspective. Reported retail sales continue to be negatively impacted by the strong dollar at some of our tourist-oriented malls and outlets. Reported sales per square foot for the malls was down slightly compared to the prior year, primarily due to a retailer and a state with no sales tax, implementing sales restrictions. We mentioned this previously and is important to reiterate and excluding this anomaly, our mall sales per square foot increased for the period. Lower tourism spending continues to impact retail sales at some of our premium outlets. Excluding the negative impact of these high performing tourist-oriented centers, retail reported sales per square foot for the premium outlets was flat. In fact, our traffic in our outlet business thus far is up 2.65% for the year. And finally, the second quarter I'd like to point out that retail sales trends improved progressively with June, recording the strongest monthly sales performance with total sales volume at comparable properties increasing across all of our property types. At the end of the quarter, redevelopment expansion projects were ongoing at 33 properties across the platforms. Our share is $1.4 billion. We continue to expand, transform, enhance our properties. We completed Stanford Shopping Center. And over the next several weeks, we'll complete a number of other transformative and redevelopments including the completion of the connector at King of Prussia that will link the court and the plaza, creating 50 new specialty stores, a comprehensive redevelopment expansion to The Fashion Centre at Pentagon City, a densification of Phipps Plaza with the completion of AC Hotel by Marriott and multi-family residential units. We're also underway with the transformation of La Plaza in McAllen, Texas where we demolished the former Sears box, are under construction on an expansion wing that will accommodate up to 50 specialty stores, four junior anchors and exciting new dining plaza, all of these are accretive returns. We'll continue to flow and fuel our profitability and construction includes among others, but not an exhaustive list, Woodbury Common, Sawgrass Mills, The Galleria in Houston and on. Our new development is focused on important markets where demand is there. During the quarter, we opened a new Tanger Outlet in Columbus. It's off to a great start. It's been a partnership with Steve. Our construction continues on our new outlet in Clarksburg, Maryland which will open in the fourth quarter of this year. We also recently broke ground on a new outlet Norfolk, Virginia which will open in mid-2017. We've got exciting projects in  outside the U.S. We have an outlet under construction in Provence, France, South Korea and Canada, all will open in 2017, also fueling our growth. We also recently started construction in Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia with Genting who is our partner in our other Malaysia asset. And construction is nearing completion at Brickell Centre in Miami. The center is almost entirely leased with 80 retailers and restaurants coming to projects. And we're also continuing construction with our high end retail projects in Fort Worth, anchored by Neiman The Shops at Clearfork. Acquisitions beyond Crystals, we also bought our partner out in our Naples and Venice outlets. So we now effectively own 90% of these two great assets. We completed  turning to capital markets. We completed a successful euro senior offering, 500 million at 1.25% for nine years. Our liquidity stands at $6 billion, and we have an industry leading balance sheet as we hope you know. We increased our dividend 6.5% year-over-year, 3% from the second quarter and we'll pay at least $6.50 which will be 7% over last year. We've also increased our guidance from $10.77 to $10.85. This reflects solid performance in the first half. In our current view, the remainder of the year, we are very pleased with our performance. Questions are available.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, thank you. David, you referenced that there was a pickup in June relative to some of the other months. Do you think that we will start to see the annualization of the international shopper pullback? And will that have less of an impact in the numbers going forward?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, look I think it's hard to predict, Craig. It's good to see the June sales for our retailers were up. We're starting to see the stronger dollar anniversary, so it'll have less impact on the metrics, but I think more importantly, we're seeing other than the anomaly I talked about in the one  with the one state, our sales were fine and the portfolio outside the tour centers, sales are fine. And we're operating pretty effectively in a very slow growth U.S. economy. So the anniversary impact is coming up in the next few months. We're starting to see it stabilize, but it's very hard to predict.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then you've expanded your presence obviously in Las Vegas with Crystals, I just wondered if there would be differing strategies going forward, where you might take Forum Shops one direction and Crystals in another?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I think they're  as you know, Vegas, there's so much tourism there, I mean 50 million visitors a year. Each has its own distinct separate marketplace. They, obviously Forum Shops is bigger. It caters to not only a high end consumer, but also a broader consumer. Crystals is more luxury oriented. So I think they both have distinct markets. We'll continue to take advantage of those great assets, and continue to drive the income up in both. So I don't think there'll be a huge change in strategy, but a continuation of improving operations in both assets.
Craig Richard Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Hi. Good morning, David.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Hi. Look, I know a lot of the metrics were fairly positive. I guess the one that just sort of jumped out was sort of the rolling 12 month leasing spread which had a noticeable drop from 17.5% to just under 15%. Is there anything that sort of happened in this quarter that would have pulled that number down, and what do you think is a reasonable expectation going forward?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, look, again, I respect that everyone loves to focus on operating metrics, as you  you know me pretty well, Steve. What's the one operating metric that I focus on? Is this the question?
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: I know you  total NOI growth and total sales?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I look at cash flow growth, my friend, okay. So the other thing that I'd like to point out on that is that we put our entire bucket of activity in that number. I don't know what others do but  so, if we have as an example lease amendments, let's say we have a retailer that we have to restructure because we figure, well, let's keep him in, and operating while we'll ultimately release the space. That amendment goes into that spread. And, if there's anything  again, I'm pleased with the spread. I think we've so much outperformed on our spread that that number of 15% is pretty damn good, $8.88 over ending rent for new rent is pretty damn good. But put that aside, if you are looking to grasp on anything, I would say it's somewhat affected by the fact that we have amendments due to some of the retailer situations that we've been dealing with over the last 12 months. I'm very pleased with the spread. $9 is a good number in a flat economy. I also  you look at our comp NOI which is where I'm focused on cash flow growth. You look at our comp NOI, we haven't just had a couple of years of good numbers, we've had a decade of outperformance versus our peer group. And as you know, when you comp over a comp over a comp over a comp, that's pretty damn good. So we're very pleased with the number. If you want to point out something which I know is your job to do, I would say it's more the amendments which we view is something that we're doing in a very slow economic growth environment in the U.S. And we're dealing with that effectively and yet we're still producing very healthy spreads.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Okay. No, that's helpful. I guess, just secondly, in terms of sort of recapturing some of the department stores and the JVs that you got with Seritage, can you just sort of provide an update on sort of where you stand and the opportunities that you see over the next couple of years to maybe recapture some more boxes?
Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Steve, Rick Sokolov. We have continued to work with Seritage and Sears. We've got users identified for our properties in Seritage. As we mentioned last quarter, we're working with Sears just on how to downsize their stores, and that process is ongoing. I will tell you, if you look over the years, we recaptured 93 department stores and we've done a very effective job of deploying them. If you look at our anchor schedule, we have been going on right now, it's an ongoing process. We have a whole team dedicated to it. And the good news is we have substantial demand identified in each of our properties, so we know how we're going to deal with any of these stores that we do get the opportunity to recapture. David talked about La Plaza which was a Sears store. We got a Sears store back at College Mall. Now demolished and we're adding 365 Whole Foods, Ulta, small shops and restaurants. We're making money and making the properties better.
Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Morgan with Canaccord. Your line is open.
Paul B. Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Paul B. Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: As you look at the development and redevelopment pipeline, you've got $2.1 billion your share of cost for the projects that are going now and almost that in CIP (17:33), how should we think about kind of beyond the projects that are kind of in place right now, what the shadow pipeline looks like? I mean you talked about it is a tougher environment. I mean do think that this could be a peak that would slow going forward as some of these project completions roll off looking into next year or do you think you've got a shadow pipeline that's going to keep it going at around this level?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me answer it this way. We actually had a meeting yesterday on Sawgrass Mills and Jersey Gardens is just two examples that together would be $500 million to $600 million of redevelopment. So we're very comfortable and confident, Paul, that even the retail  the retail sales have been anemic this year that when you have properties like that that can't be expanded. We have the appropriate amount of demand to make financial  make the financial consequences very positive for the company in addition to making those properties even more important. So I don't think we're backing off at all or redevelopment and expansion of portfolio. The good news is we have such a good number of high quality assets that we'll continue to find opportunities to expand them. And I like I said, I mean Jersey Gardens and Sawgrass are just two simple examples that pope to mind, but that's going to be $500 million to $600 million spread and will be hopefully delivered in 2019-ish, maybe 2020-ish. And we'll continue to enhance their marketplace position. So we haven't really changed. I think if we've changed anything is  and I mentioned, I think the last call or call before that, we put a lot in the system and that's kind of a little bit about  you saw the 20-basis point getting out. You might react to 20 basis points decrease in occupancy, I assure you I do not, okay. I assure you I do not. But let's  but we put a lot in the system over the last whatever six months, primarily in the outlet that we've decided to spread some of those new ground up developments out a little bit so that we don't stress the system. And we get the lease-up that we want in those. But our strategy really hasn't changed. And I think we've got plenty of opportunities continue to enhance our portfolio.
Paul B. Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And then my other question, you've talked about and you provided a list of, pretty long list of e-retailers who are looking to open stores in your malls. And I wonder if you have an update on kind of how those rollouts are being received, whether some of these retailers might be initially opening three or four, these could become 20 or 30 or 40 or kind of how it's been playing out so far?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well. I'll let Rick do his list, and I appreciate you giving him the opportunity because he loves to read his list. I will say this though, there's so much creative stuff going on with new ideas, new concepts that as a simple example, we did a pop-up store with Woodbury Commons with Rent the Runway, where they actually sold some of their existing inventory. And it had unbelievable success. I'm not going to tell you how much they sold because I don't frankly know if I'm allowed to or whatever. But there's a lot of creativity and a lot e-tailers that want access to the physical world, and that's just a small example of a unique idea. I actually happen to meet with the CEO and said, do a pop-up store at Woodbury, okay. They did it, they had a great success. But now I'll turn it over to Rick to give you the list.
Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: The other thing I would tell you is there have been a number of them and we listed them. Obviously, you've  we talked about Fabletics, Birchbox, Yogasmoga. Everyone understands what the dynamic is going with Amazon. We just made a deal with UNTUCKit. The most important aspect of this is that all of these retailers that have Internet presence understand that a bricks-and-mortar presence in an essential part of their strategy. They get much higher conversion in their store. Their customer acquisition is frankly cheaper, and it's something that we're seeing more and more. We're working with frankly scores of them to come to our properties. It's certainly going to be a source of growth for us going forward in the out years.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And the condition on doing that deal was that Rick could not wear the UNTUCKit shirt, okay.
Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: All brand negative (23:33)
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. And so it's in the lease.
Paul B. Morgan - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No worries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with UBS. Your line is open.
Robert Jeremy Metz - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. David, earlier you mentioned lease amendments having a bit of an impact on releasing spreads. Obviously, you're taking a selective approach here. But I was just wondering if  more generally are you seeing an increased level of tenants coming to you, looking for lease amendments or would it more or less be consistent with the prior couple years?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's really  I mean obviously there's some high level news out there with certain retailers. And it's really more of that category than just the person here and a person there. So it's kind of what you've seen. We have less year-to-date bankruptcies than we did last year, but so some of that's just rolling through the numbers that we had to deal with last year.
Robert Jeremy Metz - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then just sticking with leasing here, obviously, more sales moving online and not maybe getting captured in your sales or occupancy cost figures. I'm just wondering, are you exploring any changes to your lease structures at all at this point to better capture and monitor those sales?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, again, our view is to get the market rent that's appropriate for that space. And retail reported and I underscore reported retail sales does not necessarily, as we've had this discussion, correlate to what the market rent for that space is. It's more of a function of location, property, location in the mall, property type, position in the marketplace and so on. So our focus is getting market rent for each and every space and doing it in a way that does not put us at risk with their sales and what we get paid for that space. And that's not changing. Now there's a lot of things going on in the lease in terms of getting credit if they  the sale  again this is only a case when you have overage rent and we're hopefully marking at the market where overage rent, they've got to really outperform to pay us overage rent. But in order to  in their reported sales number, we're negotiating including if it's something fulfilled from the POS system and so on, that it be included in their reported sales number. But again, our focus is more on what the market rent for that space is as opposed to necessarily what the tenants' sales are going to be out of that space.
Robert Jeremy Metz - UBS Securities LLC: Good. Appreciate the color.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning. You kind of touched on it earlier, but you guys have two ground-up outlets in process now for being developed in Virginia and Maryland and a number of full-price mall expansions going on. So how would you describe the demand for that space either outlet versus full-price or either one versus itself a year or two ago?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would say to you that the only  first of all, Clarksburg is going to  I mean Columbus, where we partnered with Tanger was 100% leased I think, maybe there's a couple of vacancies. So that was not impacted at all. We've got Clarksburg, where I think, it's going to be a great development, opens up in Q4. We've got  in that case, we are bringing in a very, what I'd call a high end mix, because we really kind of want that to be ultimately kind of the Woodbury  this is an over exaggeration, so don't hold me to it, but we wanted to kind of be the high end fashion outlet for the mid-Atlantic more or less. And so there's  those retailers sometimes getting them to commit to a new outlet is a little longer process, because in a lot of cases, they don't manufacture for it and it's a function of their full-price strategy. I won't bore you with all the ins and outs of that, but that's going to deliver  we're going to deliver a great mix, and I think the demand has been excellent and we're going to hold a couple of spaces just to fill out the kind of the unique mix there and I'd say that the  I'd say the outlet demand for new product is good. It's not  it really hasn't changed. The only thing that I would say for new projects is the luxury-oriented folks are taking a little bit of a more  a little bit of a breather  a lot of that because of what's going on with tourism. So that's a little bit what I'd call softer than it might have been a year plus ago. But not material as evidenced by the mix that we're producing at Brickell which is going to be a great project that the three partners have worked very hard to produce.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then it seems like over the past couple years, some kind of bright spots at the mall in terms of who's been opening and who's been doing well that you and your peers have talked about includes fast-fashion and restaurants. So was just wondering if those types of mall tenants are still generally looking to have larger stores or more stores or just generally doing maybe better than the other apparel type guys?
Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Hi, this is Rick. We are continuing to very much focus on the addition of restaurants and food throughout the portfolios. There is still a considerable amount of demand. Just to let you know, last five years, we've added almost 200 restaurants across our portfolio. We had 25 last year. We have another 53 scheduled to open this year and next year. And so they're also finding substantially increased productivity when they are associated with our projects as opposed to a freestanding pad and that has certainly helped that demand. In terms of the other tenants you alluded to. Certainly, the international tenants are continuing to grow. We've got and we've already talked about e-tailers, we've got brand extensions. There is still considerable demand for our space, and we're doing okay.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And, as Rick said, the restaurant demand is great.
Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Yes.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Alexander D. Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning out there.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. We are out here. We are out here in the Great Midwest.
Alexander D. Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Increasingly important part of the country this year.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You bet, you.
Alexander D. Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: So just a few questions here, David. First, you guys obviously disclosed your rent spreads, and those sort of stats, and stay up (31:55), but can you give a little bit more color on sort of same-center ancillary income growth. As you guys have rolled out that program, is it still growing, is the growth really coming from rolling out more and more ancillary at each mall, or is it more or that maybe you've maxed out individual malls, so that more of the growth is coming as you roll out different programs to new malls and outlets too?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would  let me give you just a big picture view. I would say, it's actually in the  when you ancillary a lot of  put kind of our SPV effort to a side, we've actually reduced it pretty significantly in our high end portfolio. So we've cleaned out what I'll call a lot of stuff. And again, we think that's the right thing to do. It's maybe, it's clearly costing us some income, but at the end of the day, we think it's the right thing to do. So, if you look at kind of our high end portfolio, we've cleaned a lot of stuff out. And we're very sensitive to creating the environment where those retailers can do the most business. So, if anything, we've suffered dilution, and you know how I love cash flow but I've got to do  I've got to balance that. So we've actually reduced that and that's hurt us over the last few quarters. In the outlet business, it's probably picked up a little bit. So there again  there is an answer for everything, but I think we've done a  we put in some, what I'd call, veteran mall people to kind of run that business over the last couple years, and they've actually done a pretty nice job, increasing those ancillary. So, up in outlet, down in the high end malls, pretty significantly, and I think the rest of it's kind of commensurate with the marketplace.
Alexander D. Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Can you  but as far as the reduction at the high end malls, can you just give sort of a magnitude like a percentage like if you had a  was it a 5% reduction to overall ancillary income, 10% when you look in the aggregate what you guys do?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's enough for me to notice, but we put it all in our numbers and our numbers are our numbers, so I don't want to get into what amount, but it's been  it could be  let me frame it this way a little bit. It could be, at a big mall, $1 million bucks, how's that? How's that if you really want to pinpoint the  on something.
Alexander D. Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: $1 million...?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, at a big mall. At a big mall, it could be $1 million.
Alexander D. Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: So $1 million going away?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, no. At a big mall  at one big mall.
Alexander D. Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So we've done it at a handful of malls, but at a big mall, it can be $1 million.
Alexander D. Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. That's helpful. Second question is, just looking at your European portfolio, obviously, a lot of unfortunate tragic events that have occurred, what has been the impact at the retail level? Have  is it people are going forward and life goes on or have you seen any impact to either tenant openings or sales or anything like that or maybe just increased expenses from things that have to be done?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, in our ownership interest again, we have basically two ways we operate in, in Europe. We own properties through  primarily through McArthurGlen. And then we have our ownership interest in Klpierre. Klpierre is a public company. I think they reported today. And their numbers have been pretty good, look at retail sales. The only country that I'd say which is not insignificant here that's a little bit underperforming, but still up, is in France. And I don't know that I'd necessarily equate that to the  what's happened terrorist-wise, but just France general economy is a little bit behind, say Italy, Spain and the Netherlands and Scandinavia and so on. So but that's  all that data is out there for you. I think their business is actually pretty decent and they chug along. We see no impact whatsoever in our McArthurGlen portfolio. Look, they have  their assets are in a lot of cases tourist-oriented. And so if tourism changes they'll have that you'll see that impact a little bit. But we haven't seen it so far. Their numbers have been pretty impressive year-to-date.
Alexander D. Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. Thanks a lot, David.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is open.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning, Michael Bilerman as well.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Just a follow-up on the department store recapture. To what extent do you think we'll continue to see department store closings? And how do you think about sort of the economics of redeveloping a box like that in terms of the cost per square foot of the redevelopment and then looking at sort of the rent that you can get on new tenants versus the increased rents of the department stores currently there?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Christy, first off, all of our recapture activity has been included in all of our development yield tables. And I think we've said that we work it out and we get comparable yield that we can get in the rest of our development projects. There's a range from the high single-digit, low double-digit. We've identified the boxes and every deal is unique as to what the costs would be for redeveloping the box. Is it a full box user, are we splitting the box? How the box is configured? But all of those yields are in and the most important thing is that we've been able to produce our results and we've had a great deal of activity in that sector as witnessed by all the anchors that we continue to add across the company.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And are you closer to executing on some of the Seritage deal?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry, could you repeat that?
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Are you closer to executing on some of the Seritage projects that you've discussed...
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we're again working with Sears on the economics and configuration of their downsizes. As soon as we have that in place, we'll be able to proceed. We have identified and have firmed up commitments for the vast majority of those boxes.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, David, it's Michael Bilerman. I had a quick question on the balance sheet. Back at our conference in March, you talked about wanting to sort of hoard more capital at this stage, rather than spending a lot of capital. And if you look at the balance sheet today, it's the best it's ever been in your entire history. You talk about $6 billion of liquidity and significant amount of balance sheet capacity and unbelievable cost of capital. How should we interpret that position? And is it gearing up to be able to be opportunistic in the next cycle or still within this cycle? And how should we think about the capital that you have?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, look, I love being in the spot that we're in. We have no plans. As you know, we said it publicly, we're out of the big deal business. I mean I reserve the right to change my mind I guess. But if you ask me today, I'm out of the big deal business. Eventually, as we all know, there's going to be cycles in our  in economic world that we live in. And Rick and I are grizzled veterans, when it comes to real estate, recessions and stuff. I mean so it's always good to be in that spot. Obviously, Andy is here. We've worked very hard to be in that spot. It allows us to grow our dividend. It allows us to put capital back into the business that feeds on itself. So I think pretty much nothing's changed, Michael, it's business as usual. We have no intention of really doing anything with that other than continuing to build that. And I don't if there'll be a cycle. I have no idea, but we are out of the big deal business and we're going to maintain that kind of liquidity and capital, primarily to  that's the balance sheet we want. We think that should be valued by the market. I'll let you decide whether it is or isn't. I don't know and it allows us to reinvest in our portfolio. I think the one thing that that we all talk about physical retail and we talk about physical real estate and I don't care of what, whether it's an office, a hotel, a mall or strip center, if you don't have a good looking product and you're not, your customer's not going to show up. And if you're  if you got an apartment building, you got an office building, you got a mall, you got a strip center, you got a physical retail store, if it doesn't look good and then it's not, doesn't have the right services, and it doesn't have the right tenant mix or clientele, you're going somewhere down the road, that's the competitive society that we live in. And I think our capital allows us to try. We don't execute this the way, I think we can continue to be better, much better in this. But our balance sheet allows us to have a really, really, really good looking physical product and we've got a lot of work to continue to make it even better, better, better. And I would encourage anybody that owns physical real estate or leases physical real estate, that's our goal, that's our job. You got to have  I mean, just like if you're Boeing, and you're manufacturing airplanes, you go to their manufacturing facility, I guarantee it's state-of-the-art beautiful, and that's what they do with their capital.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Right. And you're still earning very good returns on that incremental investment so it's creating a lot of underlying value as well?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And that's why we have the balance sheet that we've got today.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Right. Well, then the question is whether you think there's going to be something bigger from an investment perspective at your assets that you want to position for, right. So being able  Christy asked about the department stores, whether you'd become much more aggressive at putting a lot of capital and being very aggressive in the near-term to sort of attack that, right, having to  it's not being out of the big deal business buying someone else, but you can certainly produce something internally with your own space that may require above average capital spend for a period of time?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I mean, look, I think with all the activity there, I think we see that kind of continuing at the pace that it's been. I mean we've been obviously very active the last few years doing that, and lot of this good stuff is coming online. So I think, if outlet new development slows, I mean that's more capital that we can dedicate to getting the box money back. So I kind of see that as a steady state frankly. So, but I don't  we're not warehousing capital to do some big transaction. It's basically to continue to be a appropriately rated company and continuing to have the capital to invest in our products. That's the goal.
Michael Jason Bilerman - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks, David.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Adornato with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Paul Edward Adornato - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. Good morning. Was wondering if you could provide an update on what you're seeing in terms of traffic at your properties, appreciate your comments on the tourist visits, but what else are you seeing in terms of traffic?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, you may have missed this. In the outlet business, our traffic is up 2.65% year-to-date, even though spend is down in some of the tourist-oriented centers.
Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: On the malls, what we're finding is that the traffic is stable, and interestingly, I know a lot of retailers have reported decreased traffic. What we're seeing is that the consumers are still in our properties, but they are visiting less stores on each visit, and it gets back to David's point about the physical presentation. Our retailers need to have stores that present compelling reasons for these consumers to visit them as they're walking our properties. So there will be less traffic because they're stopping in less stores, but the measures that we look at, the traffic in our properties overall is stable.
Paul Edward Adornato - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And so, as a follow-up, whose problem is that when it comes to leasing? Does that fall back on the retailer or ultimately you need to attract that retailer as well?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, listen, we're going to take responsibility as well. The retailer needs too. I think we're all in this together kind of deal. So we've got to have the right retail mix. We've also got to be able to introduce technology in the mall that gets people to visit. I think what Rick was really saying is that with all of the research that's done by consumers and when they go to the mall, they're not probably doing as much window shopping as they probably have done historically. They're more kind of on a mission to  they know they want to go to these three stores. It's our goal, and obviously the retailers' goal, but it's our goal to get them to spend more time, more time means more spend and visit more stores. We have to take some of that responsibility as well. We're certainly not shirking that. And I think that's where technology can help us do that.
Paul Edward Adornato - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. And so what specifically are you rolling out and how is that going in terms of...
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we got  we have much too long of a conversation to do that, but there's a lot of communication that we're doing directly to the consumer that we will hope, we'll hope that it will get the consumer to stay longer as well as visit more stores. The communication helps visit more stores. Staying longer I think is on ambience, a diverse  more mix, restaurants, entertainment, et cetera, that will help in that cause.
Paul Edward Adornato - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I know we've talked about the rent spreads earlier, but just curious in the context of the commentary about the overall economy being soft, that's been your commentary for quite some time as well as...
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: By the way, have I been accurate in that? I just want to know.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No, you have been accurate. No question there. I guess the question is just around sort of pricing power with your tenants, I mean however you want to define it if rent spread's not necessarily the best metric. Just curious if there's been any change there?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I said rent spreads, somebody asked me a question, I explained to you that we put amendments in our rent spreads, okay. And if I had to isolate  again, I think the $8.88 is pretty damn good, but if you had to isolate, why wasn't it 17%, it's because of certain amendments where we're taking the decision either to work with the retailer or do it more of on a temporary fashion while we re-lease the space which makes economic sense. And again I would also point out that year-to-date our comp NOI is up 4%, 4.1%. The economy is growing at 1%. I don't know, you tell me what it is. You got a bunch of people on your payroll that will tell you what the economy is growing. Maybe not on your payroll, but on the bank's payroll. And we're outperforming 300 basis points which is not  You got to put it in perspective, so what's your question?
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I guess the question was regardless of the spread, I mean how are you thinking about pricing power with your tenants today versus maybe six months ago or a year ago?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think every  we don't have a cookie cutter commodity product. So every deal is different. In some cases, we have pricing power. And frankly, in some cases, we don't because of whatever, competitive situation, bad space, mediocre asset. In some cases, we have great space, great asset, high demand. We put it all in the blender, we produce the results that we produced. And I don't  I can't answer  I don't have a cookie cutter answer for you. I mean it is deal-by-deal. We are driven deal-by-deal, space-by-space, lease-by-lease. We've been doing it for a lot of years and that's what we continue to do. And there's just no easy answer I can give to you. Other than all of that dynamics of what I just described, funnel into our numbers, that funnel into the results, and then we declare our results.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's fair enough. Another question just  in terms of the investment side of things, I know you're out of the big deal business here, and you also said that, you're not really seeing any real impacts in Europe as of yet. But I was just curious if you  do you expect to see some opportunities open up over there particularly in the UK, obviously, the dollar is strong right now, so it would help the investment case, although I know that's not your focus, but just curious how you're thinking about the investment opportunity over there?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, look, I think all of those transactions are very difficult. I mean I  here is my short answer on the UK, so I offered a company who bought an asset, diluted the company's shareholders down by 25%, I offered 4.25, they told me the company was worth 6.50, and the stock today is trading at 2.70, okay. So I'm not enthralled with  I think the UK  it's impossible to make deals happen unless somebody wants something to happen. So I'm out of the big deal business. The UK, I've no interest in the UK where  other than I have a affinity to a football club there that I really love, okay. But, beyond that, I doubt that there'll be any great opportunities in those markets...
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, no worries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Hi, good morning, guys.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Go back (53:55) if I could to the Seritage stuff that a couple of people have asked about. The first thing, Rick, I'm curious, I thought when these were all set up originally, each of the boxes, there was a specific plan laid out for which part Sears would get and which part Seritage would get. And so are you guys negotiating to try to change that or try to take more of the space, I guess from the Sears... (54:23)?
Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: The primary discussion is just on the cost of implementing the agreed upon downsizes. In a couple of instances, the way that we've been able to procure users would make it more efficient for both Sears and us if there were slight reconfigurations, but that's not the issue. It's just a process of, you talk about loading docks and separating air conditioning systems and vertical escalation systems and entrances, it's just a complicated process that we're going through.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Then I find also then on that, you hint at some point the landlord has to provide Sears with a six-month notice to vacate and then they have six months to actually leave the property, have you guys given or I guess has Seritage given or the joint venture given notice to Sears yet to vacate those various assets?
Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: We have not and we will not until we have a firm understanding of what our capital requirements are and what our returns are going to be, and we can't do that until we finalize these discussions.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. So none of the stores have been given that six-month notice?
Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: No.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then the last thing guys is, do you still own the Seritage stock that you got as part of this whole transaction?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And you plan to keep that I guess, is that the idea?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I mean the plan, plan is a funny word, right. Hard to say, Rich. No real  just hard to say.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. All right. Good. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, no worries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. So just a broader question about market rents for A malls, if look back at a couple two years of leasing activity, you roughly signed rents at $68 of square foot to $70 a square foot, I would think over a two-year period or more, the noise of good spaces versus bad spaces probably gets out of your away with law of large numbers. So just curious, do you think market rents on average for your product has grown recently and what do you think will happen going forward?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we don't  we give you every year our earnings estimates, our comp NOI estimates, and that's made up of a lot of things, and including our view of what certain spaces are worth and what we think there'll be  the rents are. So I mean I don't know what else  I mean, that what else I can tell you that other than what I've already said earlier. We haven't backed off or  if anything, we've increased our guidance. We haven't backed off our comp or portfolio NOI. We've actually outperformed so far. All that kind of ultimately shows itself kind of our view. And, again, we don't have  it's not like we can  it's  we're not a hotel, so even if we  our market rent view changed up or down, I don't control the  they have a lease there. So, again, it's only going to impact, what, 8% of portfolio per year. So we always  take an example, let's say we got nervous and we cut all these bad deals, wouldn't really impact us at the end of the day because it's only 8% of the portfolio per annum. Now, if you did it several years in a row, we catch up with this. So, again, market rents, it's not  I don't mark my portfolio up or down every day like I do a hotel business. That's why we have stability of cash flow. That's why we can withstand cycles. That's why we've had this history of comp NOI increases, and I don't know what else I can do other than answer it in that fashion.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. I mean the reason I ask is just trying to gauge the difference between the NOI growth from  stemming from favorable vintage releasing which is any real estate company versus market rent growth. That's why I asked that question. But my second question is more on leverage. You've always done a little mix of European denominated debt or euro denominated debt versus U.S. I'm assuming that spread has gotten more favorable towards the euro. Any change in larger plans of how to refinance from debt coming due, maybe more geared towards Europe versus here?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I mean we're pretty much hedged on the margin, and so we're not going to get over allocated to euro. We're only going to finance kind of what our investment base there is and we are pretty much hedged. So, if we  even though there may be a rate differential, we'd have to swap it back to the U.S. dollars because otherwise we would be over allocated and we are, as I said, we're hedged. And that could be something we would look at. But we  to me, it's a little too cute. I'd rather finance my U.S. assets in U.S. dollars, and my European assets in European dollars, and my Japanese assets in yen, and the currency fluctuations are the currency fluctuations and we have the natural hedge with our investment base. And that's been the strategy. I don't think it'll change.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Hi, just have a couple quick numbers question. One, are there any material Crystal acquisition costs in the quarter? And then, secondly, your occupancy cost was $12.7 million in the quarter. How does that compare to the combined levels that you had in say 2007, 2008?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean I don't have  the answer is no, and the first one, and then Tom will get back to you on what our occupancy costs in 2007, 2008 is. I don't recall, frankly.
Michael W. Mueller - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No worries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. Two quick questions from me. I'm sorry if I missed this previously, but you mentioned about the anomaly with some sort of sales restrictions in a particular state, and again, I'm sorry if I missed it, but could you elaborate on that?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you. And then, secondly, I know you've said you're out of the big deal business, and you said that there's not necessarily opportunities in Europe. But I look at Klpierre and it does look like it's performing well as you mentioned. Would you consider increasing your stake there?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think we're very pleased with the position that we're in.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: No more questions from me.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. No worries. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC: Yes. Good morning. Just a quick question around the lease amendments that you talked about earlier on that has some impact on releasing spreads. Is there any other detail you can kind of share about those amendments, kind of how they come up, why the decision was made to actually do them?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's a lease-by-lease, store-by-store, mall-by-mall analysis. And I mean we make judgment call, that's what we do every day, judge. Do we want to re-lease it, how, what's the downtime, is  does it give us time to re-lease it, on and on and on. So it's 50 years of experience that goes into that.
Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And there is a mix of tenants like large national guys and local guys, and it's like a whole mix of people, that are kind of impacted by that?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's just the nature of our business for many, many years about what the right thing to do is with that retailer in that specific space.
Omotayo Tejumade Okusanya - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. No worries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Boenning. Your line is open.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you. I'll keep it very short because I know there are some other calls coming up, but David and Rick, quick question. Your vision of the mall in five years, how is the tenant composition today going to change in your view in terms of the percentage of, for example, entertainment as a percentage of the overall mall tenant base?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, look, the simple answer is there's no cookie cutter answer, and it's all going to be  the mall business and the retail business, you can have these big overwriting things, but the reality is how it gets executed really focuses on trade area-by-trade area, layout-by-layout, physical configuration-by-physical configuration. And so therefore, there's no overall answer to that, other than simplistically, I think the mix will be more diverse. There will be more entertainment, more food services, more other services, and there'll be technology in it to enhance the shopping experiences. There'll be more services, but how that all gets computed into one particular scenario will depend differently on the North side of Indianapolis versus the South side of Indianapolis. So that's just the nature of our projects, and the good news is we've got an organization that can figure out, I hope the North side of Indianapolis versus the South side of Indianapolis and what's right for that trade area. That's simple answer.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Just curious, what's your favorite football team?
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Crystal Palace.
Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. Thanks.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, worries.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time, I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. David Simon for any closing remarks.
David E. Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you and have a good rest of the summer.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Ward - VP, IR David Simon - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Rick Sokolov - President and Chief Operating Officer Andy Juster - Chief Financial Officer Steve Broadwater - Chief Accounting Officer.
Analysts: Christy McElroy - Citibank Michael Bilerman - Citibank Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Jeff Spector - Bank of America Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Ross Nussbaum - UBS Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Paul Morgan - Canaccord Genuity Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Floris van Dijkum - Boenning
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Simon Property Group Incorporateds First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in listen-only mode to reduce background noise, but later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your first speaker for today Tom Ward, Vice President of Investor Relations. You have the floor, sir.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call maybe deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of todays date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, Im pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Okay. We had strong start to 2016 we completed several significant redevelopment projects started constructions on others, announced more that will further enhance the value of our real estate. We completed the acquisition of the shops to crystal, extending our presence in Las Vegas marketplace and we continue to achieve strong operating financial results which were highlighted by FFO of $2.63 per share, which is an increase of 15.4% compared to prior year. Our -- we had strong key operating metrics. Mall and Premium outlet occupancy was 95.6%. Leasing activity remains healthy which we the Mall and Outlet business had re-leasing spreads of $10.24 per square foot, which is an increase of 17.5%. And our base minimum rent was $49.70 up more than 4% compared to last year. Total sales per square foot for our Mall and Outlet business was 6.13 compared to 6.21 in the prior year period. We measure our success through growth of operating income and cash flow. We have a unique ability to drive growth through not only increases in comparable property NOI, but also through disciplined capital allocation for new development, redevelopment acquisitions and investments and our press release and supplement this quarter we have provided additional new metrics summarizing the composition of our total portfolio NOI. These new metrics provide further detail in the profitability generated by our portfolio and we have broken them out into four categories, comparable property NOI, NOI from new development, redevelopment, expansions and acquisitions that are not included in comp NOI, NOI from our international properties which is our premium outlets and designer outlets. And then our share of NOI from investments which includes Klpierre and HBS Global Properties and then below the property NOI line you have the corporate sources of NOI. And importantly, for the first quarter of 2016 our total portfolio NOI increased 7.8% out of which comp NOI increase was 5.1%. We see the supplement at the end of the first quarter redevelopment expansion projects were ongoing into 33 properties across all three of our platforms our share approximately 2 billion. We finished the two year transformation of Roosevelt Field, including comprehensive enhancement thought-out the malls, the addition of two level fashion specialty store expansion with being anchored by Long Islands first Neiman Marcus store. We also are nearing completion with Stanford Center, including the new Bloomingdale's as well as reclaiming that space for specialty stores. Transformations like these are examples of whats adding to our overall profitability. We started constriction on several new projects including the important expansion at the Outlets at Orange and construction continuous on other major redevelopment and expansion projects at some of our most productive properties and some of the best properties in the country. The Fashion Centre at Pentagon City, King of Prussia were very common, The Galleria in Houston, most of these projects will be completed in the next 12 months. Construction continues on two new domestic outlets in Columbus and Clarksburg, both are scheduled to open later this year as well as our designer outlet in Provence, France which is scheduled to open in the spring of 2017. We also started construction during the quarter with our partner, Ivanhoe Cambridge on our fourth outlet in Canada in Edmonton, Alberta, which is scheduled to open in the fall of 2017. Construction continues on to new full new price developments, one in Miami at Brickell City Centre and the other in Fort Worth at The Shops of Clearfork, which is scheduled to open 2017. Brickell will open in the fall of this year. We also completed the acquisition of The Shops at Crystal. Purchase price was $1.1 billion. We plan to place a $550 million mortgage on the property in the next two months, and we are a 50/50 partner with Invesco, and we look forward to building upon high quality asset with its successful foundation. We acquired a majority interest in a leading outlet center in Ochtrup, Germany, with our partner, McArthurGlen. And during the first quarter, we sold interest in two residential properties and one non-core retail property. As you know, gains and losses on our non-retail assets, including investments, are included in our FFO per share, which we believe is consistent with the white paper. This resulted in a quarter-over-quarter benefit of approximately $0.06. Capital markets, we completed a notes offering of $1.35 billion, weighted average interest rate of 2.97% and 8.2 years of duration. Our liquidity stands at $6 billion. We announced our dividend at $1.60, which is a year-over-year increase of 6.7%. We increased our guidance to $10.72 to $10.82 reflecting very good performance. And we are very pleased frankly with our overall performance given an overall lacklustre U.S. economy and we welcome your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].Our first question comes from the line of Christy McElroy from Citibank. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, David, it's Michael Bilerman for Christy. I just wanted to go first and then Christy will have one. And I was wondering, how the markets you think about Simon strategically going forward? And its about two years to the day when you spun off WPG, all the assets under 10 million of NOI and arguably lower sales productivity and now you are left with this immensely high quality model portfolio, a global outlet portfolio, the mills portfolio and its taking -- here and some other sort of ventures around. Should we think about potential spins of any of those businesses going forward or do you think you are still going to own assets across the price spectrum of retail real estate?
David Simon: Yes. We have no -- we have no intention to spin off any other assets. We think they are absolutely synergistic across with our retailer relationships. We have the lowest overhead, lowest cost of capital, given the portfolio. We have got historically the best comp NOI growth. So, as long as we can continue to do what we are doing, I dont see any reason why we would want to spin anything off. And they all fit nicely together. They are all in major metro markets. All the assets are producing great cash flow. And we are -- I mean our results speak for themselves. I think the WP spin-off was really a focus on we were -- we were a little -- we werent focusing as much on the smaller properties as probably we should have and we thought that was in the best interest of the shareholders, but we dont see any other reason to take any other corporate restructuring beyond that.
Christy McElroy: Hi good morning, its Christy here. Just wondering if -- and tax fund stops paying you rent at anytime during the first quarter and if reserving for that might have impacted your bad debt at all in Q1? And maybe you could give us an update on sort of your overall outlook for retailer bankruptcies and stock closing for the balance of the year and whether or not you are more or less cautious versus the quarter ago?
David Simon: Well I -- look I think a quarter ago we were cautious, we continue to be cautious. I dont want to mention specific retailers whether they paid rent or not paid rent. The only one thats filed bankruptcy thus far is Paxton [ph]. I am sure there were some pre-petition amounts that we wrote-off in the quarter. I mean its not overly material and thats part of what we have dealt with for 60 years retail bankruptcies. So we remain cautious, our biggest reason we were cautious, is that the U.S. economy continues to flatten out, I mean there is not a lot of growth I suggest you look at a lot of industries in our beyond real estate to see whats going on in the U.S. economy and it is what it is.
Christy McElroy: Thank you.
David Simon: You know but we have been cautious on those couple of retailers but you know we will deal with it.
Christy McElroy: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt from Bank of America. Your line is open
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. I notice other income and consolidated properties were up significantly, was that related to one specific area?
David Simon: Well I would suggest you look to page 21 on our supplemental. Our corporate, this is after our property portfolio NOI corporate and other sources were up roughly $20 million and that was a function of the residential interest that we had that through that flowed through our corporate NOI number.
Craig Schmidt: Okay and you have been doing a great job touching on some really big redevelopments. I just wonder actually you start to touch more and more of your top properties, will the shadow of pipeline start to consider and include maybe a second tranche of redevelopments to continue that path of growth.
David Simon: Well I mean, if you look at our 8-K, you can see all the stuff that we have been working on. I just spend an hour and a half with my guy that does residential, which other way just has made 20 million bucks which aint bad. We sold those at a lower cap rate than what we bought crystals [ph] which I thought was a pretty good interesting dynamic in our industry. Hes got; the other meaning was longer that I wanted it to be because my attention span is decreasing. But as I get older, but the fact is hes got plenty of things going on across the portfolio. If you look at our 8-K all the stuff they are doing, I think we touching a lot. We just opened Dicks Sporting Goods at Independence Mall. Just to give you one small example of kind of a solid middle market mall that produces a lot of cash flow year after year, but continue. We think continue to get better and I mean -- so the answer is we are touching everything.
Craig Schmidt: And just bringing up crystals, is there an expansion opportunity I guess with the Harmon [ph] powers at that property?
David Simon: Yes.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jeff Spector: Great, thank you. Just wanted to ask about the retail landscape I feel like all the years Craig and I have covering the sector this past year weve seen some real dramatic changes. I guess how have things changed in your view just from a year ago and your planning whether with the lease contracts or your approach with retailers, you know what your latest thoughts?
David Simon: Well honestly, I think maybe you are getting caught up in a lot of the media discussions. I mean our business is as solid as its even been. Weve have top NOI increases, 5.1%. Our earnings grew 15.4% per year. We are projecting to have $10.72 to $10.82. So I think our simplistic view is its not as bad people want to write about, and I think the biggest issue out there frankly is that we have a U.S. economy, and we dont, well never use excuses but I think you have to look at our performance in conjunction with whats going on in the U.S. economy. And the fact of the matter is the U.S. economy is flat line, and yet we are holding our old and gaining market share with a lot of our properties and obviously weve got great tourist oriented centers that have had a tough year. I think that we after this first quarter well probably anniversary the stronger dollar here coming up, but weve seen the tourism sales decreased unnecessarily the traffic. But the media about the death we dont see it, demand is fine. Properties are getting better, we got supply and demand in our favour, no ones building Class A Outlets or Malls to any degreeable issue, certainly there will be retail space that gets re-focussed which will help us obviously in supply and demand equations and I just -- I dont view it beyond that. The Internet is not the panacea. A lot of CapEx have been spent there. Its not showing the returns for retailers, so I think they are going to -- their biggest and best opportunity continues to be bricks and mortar and you know well keep plugging along. I dont know if that answers your question. But thats how we view it from here.
Jeff Spector: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb from Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Yes, hi good morning, David. First thanks for page 21, the NOI breakout its helpful. A quick question, maybe you commented on the resi upfront, but can you just give a little bit more color which projects they were and then as we go through the rest of the pipeline, I mean you know obviously you got the tower that you announced down in Houston but how much sort of embedded potential is there in the portfolio and is each project that you guys undertake something that you are going to harvest itself, so we should expect over the next several years more of these $20 million quarterly benefits?
David Simon: Yes, I think we tend not be long term. We look at these things more as investments than we do operating properties, thats been our point of view just like in Q1, 2015 we had a gain from a development side, we decided the flip in Europe as opposed to staying involved. And so the good news is that we are able to create -- you know weve had a few mistakes. So we are not perfect, but we are able to generate additional income in this company through all of our activity. And I mean thats been proven in Q2 of last year as you know we had a big sizeable gain in sale of marketable securities. So please remember that when we report Q2. So we are able to do that, and we do look at investments in whether its hotels, residential we do look at them as investments and we do tend to look at those as ones that we are not going to own for 30, 40, 50 years like we do the vast majority of our retail holdings. And that will flow through the P&L as rightly so. Thats GAAP accounting by the way, which happy to explain to anybody that its good GAAP accounting. And I do think with the list of all the activity you are going to see that episodically, but certainly consistent with how we are going to drive our cash flow growth. Now, specifically we sold fire wheel residential and we also sold SouthPark which additionally which goes to show you how things can change. We actually did SouthPark as the Condo development. The market crash we actually rode off our investment in that, and that went through FFO. And then now our investment in that was not big. So I think it was like 3, 4 million bucks of equity. But and then we just turned into a residential not a condo but just a multi-family projects and we just sold it. The two of them as I said you, I mean, we though the cap rates were very aggressive. Our partners wanted to sell. We view those like I said as investment. So we decided to sell them. The results flow through this quarter. And I do think we will have a pipeline of other investments that we dont consider core outside of retail always flow through our P&L and hopefully as I said we embedded a thousand, but hopefully there will be a lot more incoming game. Just like our Simon Venture group. Weve -- anything that is profitable will flow through FFO. Anything thats a loss will wash out and in fact we had dont get panicky, but weve actually written off a couple of investments that have that just we dont see the value the other still maybe plugging along. But we took a conservative approach to go ahead and flush those through and those are through FFO. So thats how we do it. But Im hopeful that we will continue to create value and also its a different way including building and selling residential. When we do properly [ph] and part of that project will be condos I mean, those will flow through the P&L. As you would expect those would happen and they would flow through FFO, because thats how we view the definition of the FFO white paper which is you know we adhere to stringently
Alexander Goldfarb: Yes. You guys have been quite vocal on that point. On crystals, I mean you guys obviously have basically unlimited capital, so can you just talk about your decision to JV that especially if theres development upside and how especially in that market given how it book cases, the strip, your decision to JV and then other investments how you figure out if you want to do it wholly versus bringing in a partner?
David Simon: Well in this case was relatively simple. We approached a partner and we like to approach those, and we fell it would be beneficial to do a joint venture. We the assets have a great foundation. Its been well leased, it does high sales productivity and it we are hopeful that we could add value to it overtime and we have a great partner to do that and may be some other things. So in this case, the opportunity really came from them and so it was natural to just partner in it. You know that doesnt mean each deal is a little bit separately, we may or may not partnered it depends on the circumstances but in this case they really approached us and we like to who approached us and its a very good asset thats been well leased and managed and operated by the owners and their manager ahead of time and we hope that we will able to do add value to it overtime. And now look, I mean its not cheap, but given where A quality assets are being priced in all sectors, I think its going to be a good deal for us in the not too distant future. I think its good to start and it will get better overtime.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Are you guys able to hear me okay, cause we are getting comments that you cant hear me. But it sounds like you can hear me fine.
Alexander Goldfarb: Yes. You are coming through clearly.
David Simon: All right. Appreciate it.
Alexander Goldfarb: Happy -- it.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering again on those non-retail gains that were included in the first quarter results, was that $0.06 gain that you referenced included in your prior guidance.
David Simon: Yes.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. And then if you look ex that $0.06 impact, the growth is still over 10%, but it doesn't look like your full year guidance is quite that high? So I was just wondering is there anything else driving the first quarter to be especially strong or just trying to see to what extent you might be being conservative for the rest of year versus actually expecting a slowdown, albeit from a pretty high level.
David Simon: Good question. First of all I believe our growth would have been 12%.
Caitlin Burrows: Yes.
David Simon: 12% if you wanted to, its upto you and I understand why you would want to. You know just say okay the $0.06 is a success. But its actually 12% and look, I think you know we are as we started, I think its consistent with what we described when we get our year-end call, is that we are still being conservative and how we are looking at the business because primarily not because of the internet, not because of department stores, not because of I dont know. But there -- we do have exposure to tourism, thats obviously affecting our average rent you can see that when I was explained a day on the P&L. And the U.S. economy even though it feels like it should be growing is more or less flat lining. I mean, I dont what does Goldman think, the first quarter GDP is going to be this year. What is your guide
Caitlin Burrows: You asked me last quarter, so I looked it up. 1.8%.
David Simon: All right, well I take the under -- so -- is thats not costing? Is it?
Caitlin Burrows: I am not sure who exactly it is from.
David Simon: Well, we know you have like 10 of them, so you will get a right no matter what. But, so we are just being, Id say we are being overly conservative and just because there are -- you know youve got the election year; by the way I hear its very interesting. I -- we have essentially no exposure to the U.K. But the U.K. is softening. It just -- there is a general softening worldwide in the worldwide economy and we as much as I would love to be immune to that, we cant be. We are not. We are consumer oriented company, and I mean we are the basically the worldwide economy is flattening. There is a lot of stuff out there. And we are just being a lit bit of cautious. And obviously I mean, we all know there is a few tenants out there that may or may not go bankrupt may or may not close the bunch of stores. Weve got to be -- we have got to be judicious on how we model their future.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Okay. And then also just if you could -- I know you mentioned as we all know, tourist sales are not so great. If there is any comment you could make just on the malls versus outlets versus mills, either in numbers or just a general feeling?
David Simon: I am happy to say that our comp sales were up nicely in the mall business and down in the outlet business. And down in the outlet business 100% due to high producing tourist centers and the fact that the consumer the traffic is not down. The traffic is up in the outlet business. But the fact of the matter is, their spend is less because of the stronger dollar in. We are going to anniversary that at some point this year, but we didnt anniversary yet in the first quarter.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum from UBS. Your line is open.
Ross Nussbaum: Good morning I am here with Jeremy Metz. Hey David, I thought the fact that you guys put up nearly 4.5% base rent growth in the quarter was pretty impressive, despite the sluggish sales environment. But I guess at least it leads to the question of realistically how long can that continue. The occupancy cost is up year over year from 11.7% up to 12.5%. So I guess realistically, if in fact mall sales are at the similar levels for the next year, do you think we're going to be looking at occupancy costs for your portfolio that is pushing 13.5% a year from now?
David Simon: Well again, we could argue ad nauseam [ph] and Ive lost the argument, so I will admit defeat, okay. I will admit defeat publicly. We have lost the argument on the correlation or lack thereof between retail sales and our ability to drive rents, which happens I believe that are more toward supply and demand and then retail sales, because as you know if retailer is not producing results and there are lease happens to come up, we have the ability certainly to replace them with a retailer thats going to be more productive. Now as I also said in the mall business, our comp sales are actually up. Its in the outlet business where we are seeing the reduction in comp sales and that is absolutely unequivocally tied to whats going along with the tourism picture. And as I said, hopefully that will anniversary and then that base will move. Now the comp NOI growth was outstanding in for the whole portfolio, but it was particularly good in the outlet business, so that it is a very profitable category for our retailers and we have the ability to drive rents and drive NOI. So, at this point we can argue ad nauseam [ph] about the correlation, Id rather not, well do the best we can and like I said, we are going to grow, we are going to grow our comp NOI better maybe one day or we will revert to the main and I am not guaranteeing that we wont, but we have grown couple of 100 basis points comp NOI above and beyond the GDP growth because of what that I think is our portfolio skews towards the better customer. And I am hopeful that that trend will continue, and I actually think its more tied to whats going to go on in tourism and whats going to go on in the general economy that it is one particular retailer sales. And well that does not necessarily mean anything about the property. But I have lost the argument, I admit defeat, well do the best we can.
Ross Nussbaum: All right. My follow-up question is on your guidance. If I focus in on the comment you made which was, I think $0.03 of the beat this quarter was not related to the asset sales, you only raised guidance for the full year by $0.02. So I guess the question is, if I annualized the non-asset sale beat during the quarter its obviously a bigger number than what you raised guidance by. Are you being conservative, or was there anything else going on in the quarter thats not necessarily recurring?
David Simon: There is absolutely nothing going on in there. I mean, the disclosure you see the comp NOI you see all of that. I -- were you know Ross we continue to just be relatively conservative given whats going on to the general U.S. economy. And Im not again, I am not using that as excuse but there is a level of -- there is just level around the world about consumer spending growth in wages, election year we still have certain retailers that may or may not impact us maybe weve got -- maybe we budgeted them right, maybe we didnt -- all of that none of that really is all that material for us, thankfully. Weve built this company to sustain ins and outs of certain retailers; all of this affects us on the margin. As you know, I mean whether you slice is by products type, by geography, by retailer, you cut slice bake Europe whatever. I just think generally, we are operating appropriately given the growth in the economy and again our year-over-year, if you didnt hear our delta and quarter-over-quarter Q1 '15, Q1 '16 was really $0.06 because of the opportunity that we sold in Q1 of '15 of last year. Okay, so if you are going to look at the delta, dont look at $0.08 really look at $0.06 if thats important to you.
Ross Nussbaum: Appreciate it. Thanks Dave.
David Simon: Yes, no worry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of [Indiscernible] from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. A first one for you, David. I guess on the acquisition market. I'm curious on what you are hearing and seeing these days in your conversations with potential sellers. Are you getting approached a bit more? Are you getting a sense that more people are willing to engage in conversations than maybe a year or two ago, given some of the concerns about the broader macro that you laid out earlier?
David Simon: You know thats interesting. I would have thought -- maybe but not really, not really. I mean as you know we are not actively scouring the world for new deals and as I have stated to you before the big deal business is not something on our drawing board at this time and you know there is a selective thing here there but its not -- its not as if and maybe its my personality, but its not a -- Im not getting a lot of phone calls. Rick, are you getting any phone calls?
Rick Sokolov: Im not, you know I am a better person now.
David Simon: Rick certainly has the better personality but -- so the answer is not really, but you know our business is --its not easy. Its not for the faint of heart. It is when we have a slow economy it really requires a lot of patience, lot of grinding, a lot of focus on the details. Sometimes that creates opportunity in itself. But at this point nothing really jumps out of me.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. And I appreciate that. And then, one more if I might ask, might be redundant but Im having a bit of trouble hearing you earlier. But, did I hear you say that you would be putting a $500 million mortgage on Crystal Shops? And if so just curious on thoughts for the use of capital. Is it effectively earmarked for maybe the redev, or how should we think about any excess proceeds from that?
David Simon: Well, simplistically it was $1.1 billion deal. Were going to put 550 thereabouts mortgage on it, which will have positive leverage which we think its very important, just using good old real estate 101 fundamentals. And the balance of the equity required will be split between us and our partner, Invesco. Simple as that, so there is no access financing proceeds. The financing is really part of the purchase price financing sources and uses.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then one last one, more of an accounting one. The other day, obviously there is the big block floated by you guys on behalf of the DeBartolo of 4.4 million shares. Just curious if Simon bought any of those shares, certainly again maybe not as an attractive a price a few months back, but just curious if the company at all participated in buying down any of those shares?
David Simon: Well just to be technically accurate, we didnt float it, was part of the DeBartolo family estate and we did not -- Simon property group did not buy any stock. And as you know the shares were placed relatively quick and straight forward manner.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, got it.
David Simon: We had nothing to do with the sale of those shares. That was all between DeBartolo and the DeBartolo family, the state holdings and their advisor. And they have been a great limited partner, very supportive, they are still a very, very significant owner and it -- those are the facts.
Unidentified Analyst: Wonderful. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning guys. Actually first question is for Rick. I was curious as we are headed into ICS, if broadly speaking there was any themes maybe you're thinking about as we head out to Vegas? And maybe more specifically any projects that are more mission critical for your team?
Rick Sokolov: Well its interesting, because as David has said, our portfolio has never been stronger and we still have significant demand for our properties. And where we are totally focused is maximizing the rent and productivity of our properties and so our themes going after is making sure we get the right retailers in the right spaces in the right sizes so we can maximize our revenue. And we obviously are spending time doing that, but frankly for us ICSE is relevant but we have retailers coming in here all the time. We have a major retail in here coming in tonight and here for the next three days going over the whole portfolio. So we are going out there optimistically. Weve gotten a lot of good reversed enquiries as to our space, and weve got a great portfolio across all of our platforms to try and market.
Jeff Donnelly: And maybe just a follow up or two. I guess maybe David, somewhat related to that. How do you think about the pursuit of omnichannel ultimately plays out for retailers down the road? Because while bricks and mortar as you said, is the biggest and best channel today for retailers, consumers do like to buy online, irrespective of whether or not it is weighing on retailer margins. So I guess, I'm curious. I mean if you think forward a few years, do you think lower margins are just the new normal for omnichannel retailers and that's all she wrote, or do you think retailers ultimately have to effectively price in the convenience aspect of buying online, or take it to the extreme, do you think there is going to be a time when retailers need to restructure and that gives them an opportunity to sort of reset their cost basis and their online business and shed the weaker stores?
David Simon: Well, again, I think the fallacy [ph] in what is talked about is the fact that even if the stores are dont have high -- high sales per square foot they could generate a lot of operating cash flow for them. So I dont look at the stores losing money they are going to close the stores thats for sure. The issue is if the store -- the sales metrics that we all expect us, but many let say -- let me restate it many focus on does not necessarily tied to profitability because a lot of these stores could very low rent, could be fully depreciated, could be you know when markets that arent great, exciting markets that are growing but they produce a lot of operating cash flow. They need that operating cash flow to make investments and whatever they want to make investments, whether thats omnichannel or you know technology or new stores or whatever. So the statement they are less productive, therefore they are going to close stores is not how I think they look at it. I think they look at whether the store has a four wall profit. And whether or not if they close it, what does it really do for the organization. So, you know what is this all going to mean? I think at the end of the day the all retailers have to be profitable. All e-commerce player have to be profitable, unless you know Wall Street and other investors are going to fund those investments. And I dont have a crystal ball as to how its all going to shake out. Could it put pressure on bricks and mortar, certainly it could but I think youve got to keep in mind that a lot of these are cash cows that they are using, maybe they are not investing in them like the way they should or we as owners of the real estate would like to see him do it, but that I dont think that equates to store closures necessarily. Now if they become unprofitable, they are going to close the store, simple as that. You have to weigh that against what they charge the store in terms of corporate allocations and overhead and all that and all that. And I think certainly investments in technology is putting pressure on the retailer. And we have to be sensitive to that, but you know I think they are going to look at carefully what services they are going to need to provide to the consumer, because at the end of the day they chase that and they cant create profitability out of it, you know thats not doing anybody any good.
Jeff Donnelly: Helpful. And just one last question. There has been a lot of ink spilled in the folks in our seeds estimating the implication of the spinout of REITs in the S&P under the new sector classification. I am just curious as the largest REIT, how are you guys thinking about that prospect and anything you intend to do differently going forward, that maybe positioning yourself maybe differently in the eyes of that newer larger pocket of capital.
David Simon: Well you know I think were going to be explaining the company in what we do and how they all look at us. The good news of that group is they look at cash flow growth. They look at earnings growth. They look at balance sheet metrics, you know they will compare us to other industries as opposed to just within our sector they wont be thoroughly focused on NAV, which again I you know we can argue about. They wont worry about a quarter here or there of our retail sales. They are going to look at what kind of growth we have in our cash flow, in our earnings and I think that plays perfectly well with us given the kind of earnings growth that weve had over many many many years and many different cycles. So we are very focussed on trying to solicit them, whether or not they are going to be interested and whether or not thats going to be whole new category, I mean we have no particular crystal ball on that front. But if they do look at us, I think weve got a great story to tell and they are going to look at earnings and cash flow growth and they know that we have hard assets which never hurt in any cycle. They have hard physical assets.
Jeff Donnelly: Thanks guys.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan from Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open.
Paul Morgan: Hi good morning. David I guess maybe in light of kind of all your caution on the macro and the consumer Id see if might Rick could offer a little sunshine [ph] and give some of the concepts where we are seeing expansion and maybe kind of particularly in the kind of the mall expansions and redevelopments that you are doing, number one. And then kind of the number two, for anchor spaces where you might be looking to replace a department store.
Rick Sokolov: Well first on the department store side, it is important to note we have one vacant department store in the entire portfolio and we have like 441 of them. So again, the narrative out there would have you believe something very different and when David implied earlier just as to what we think is going to happen with these department stores that was a very informed opinion because we meet with these guys all the time, and thats what they are telling us. If you look at the activity that we put in the K we have significant number of anchors that are coming into the portfolio, David always makes fun of me when I list them, so I won't.
David Simon: No, please do.
Rick Sokolov: Fine. There is a lot going in and there are across the portfolio quality wise in terms of the smaller properties the more productive, the slightly less productive and they are all getting better. And if you just follow our momentum we had 19 added in 2015, we are now up to 35 in 2016. And it's across the gammit of restaurants, Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdales. Brand new Saks is opening this week at Houston Galleria and what is spectacular state of the art store. And as we had new space, that enables us to accommodate the new cutting edge retailers that otherwise we would not be able to accommodate and they are still looking to expand at productive properties. And so that is ongoing, and theres basically if you step back, we are seeing demand from international retailers come to this market, from new retail concepts like suite supply and [indiscernible] from retailers opening stores thats been talked about a lot. Brand extension of our existing retailers that white barn candle is growing aggressively. Victorias Secret is growing 4% this year. We have, we are adding restaurants as David said throughout the portfolio and all of this is just making the portfolio stronger and stronger.
David Simon: And again, we put in page 21 to show you what the fruits of our efforts produce. And I believe the portfolio NOI which doesnt include our corporate activity increased 7.8% for the quarter you know as my favourite guy that I love to quote Adam Sandler would say that aint too shabby. So you know we are conservative but its not getting in the way of producing results we want to produce.
Paul Morgan: And then, just on the -- the kind of the team segment, if we do get a ramp up in closings I mean, obviously closings are a lot of these chains have been going on for a lot of years. But let's say it ramps up. A lot of the chains themselves don't seem to be producing kind of sales at the volume of on a square foot basis that kind of your portfolio average is. Is there a pretty strong positive mark-to-market on that space? I mean would we expect spreads to be consistent if you get hundreds of closings that can bring in more productive retailers, or is that not the way to look at it?
David Simon: Well I think if you look at our activity generated last year where we have Wet feel and Cache [ph] and body shop go out, we have been able to release a very significant amount of space at positive rents and positive productivity contributions because there are more productive retailers coming in. So there are going to be downtimes certainly. Will that have an impact on short term results, of course but at the end we certainly demonstrated an ability to replace those retailers that go out with better retailers and frankly that hasnt changed for decades, thats the business.
Paul Morgan: Great. Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Tayo Okusanya: Yes, good morning everyone. Just two questions from us. First of all on the development and the redevelopment side of the business, just noticed a couple of yield change. The yields for the new development and the premium outlets went down a little bit, and also expected yields on the mills redevelopment went down a little bit. Is that purely due to mix?
David Simon: Yes, yes. So in the outlets we added our Canadian deal which changed the mix and then there were a couple of changes in the mills mix. But no budget below, there is no income below, its all just mix changes.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. That's helpful. And then second of all in regards to Sears, Kmart, some announcements this week or last week that they are accelerating closures, just wondering what you think the implication of that would be going forward either for your portfolio or also in regards to your JV with Sears?
David Simon: Well as far as we know and I think its pretty safe statement, none of those closing are in any of our assets, so that has no impact and you know if it makes Sears a healthier retailer we are all for that. I mean it really doesnt impact our Sears card [ph] JV or our relationship with Sears. I mean, I think its -- you know we are still doing business as usual there.
Tayo Okusanya: So it doesn't [Indiscernible] accelerate the ability for you to make a couple of changes in regards to Sears moving out of some of the -- type space and you are redeveloping and leasing that space?
David Simon: No its not been changed given that recent announcements. We have no K marts in our portfolio. So Id say its pretty much business as usual there. We still obviously spend in a lot of time going through our JVs to redevelop some of those boxes. So thats not -- no different sense of pace or not given the recent Sears announcement.
Rick Sokolov: And I would like to point out the vast majority of those stores that Sears announced as closing were K marts and free standing stores. I believe there is only one or two mall based stores in that entire list, none of which were ours.
Tayo Okusanya: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carol Kemple of Hilliard Lyons. Your line is open.
Carol Kemple: Good morning. Earlier in the call you all mentioned that you think some of the best opportunities for many of the online retailers are opening in physical stores. What kind of feedback have you received from the online retailers who have already opened stores at your malls?
David Simon: Positive. Very positive, the cost of customer acquisition we would encourage you to read the L2 study that we produced the cost of customer acquisition for pure online retailer at a certain level if they dont have physical stores is so high that they all view physical stores as a way to really reduce their customer acquisition cost, extend the branding, extend the reach. And so far its seems to be producing what they -- what they are looking to get out of that. So far, so good there.
Carol Kemple: Are you starting to see some of them that maybe you signed 10 leases with in the beginning looking to enter into more of your malls, or are they kind of content with the space they have right now?
David Simon: No they are all; they are all looking to expand.
Carol Kemple: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. So I just wanted to ask you a couple of questions on occupancy cost. For new leases that you are signing, what do the occupancy costs look like, and I think when I asked this question last time you said around 14% to 15%. I was curious if that needle is moving closer to 15% or 14% lately?
David Simon: You know its so specific retailer space specific, but I think the important think if we look at our base  our average base land we are its still under 10% well under 10% what the sales are, our averages means a lot because you know we have the vast portfolio. You can see the role over schedule, there is no one -- there is just no way I can really answer that question. Its so specific on location, mall, retailer use someone and so forth, but we are increasing our average base rents and our spreads are spreads and comp NOI or comp NOI.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. I guess I was asking if there were any more general trends you were noticing if things were changing at all. But, I guess my second question is how will you treat Tesla sales in your report stats if they are going to be in there at all?
David Simon: Well if they report sales, they are in. If they dont they are not. I mean we have that policy with every retailer. The Good, the bad the indifferent.
Ki Bin Kim: I mean so with that, does that mean that their sales would eventually be included?
David Simon: I just said, if they report sales, they are in. If they dont they are not and just as every retailer under 10,000 fee again I mean and I think they report in a couple, I think they dont report and the most of them. And so again given the size of our portfolio its immaterial
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: We -- as you know we have hundred and -- how many together. How many Tom, how many malls do we have?
Tom Ward: 107.
David Simon: And how many outlets that we
Tom Ward: Seven.
David Simon: So you know none of this one particular retailer is going to change it all that much.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Vincent Chao: Hey, just a couple of cleanup questions here. In terms of the other income, which I know we talked about inclusive of the resi gains if we take out that impact, it seems like it is about $52 million or so for the quarter, which is similar to fourth quarter but up quite a bit year-over-year. Just curious if thats a decent run rate going forward or if there was some other -- there is a bunch of things in that line item? Just wondering if there is other one time?
David Simon: I just think you know youre going to have to get used to the fact that its going to have ups and downs in that number over the year it kind of balances this out. You know we generated a lot of additional income from our portfolio and we are hoping that that will grow. Id say overall that number is around $200 million but it could be you know -- but it could be higher one quarter, lower in the next. It could be higher over the whole year or a little lower over one year and its just a number thats going to be volatile. Again, were -- our total revenue base is, Steve, when you had included our share the JV $8 billion of revenue. You know we a big company, so its not you know it -- these things are going to go in and out a little bit. But the good news is its income, its not losses. Okay.
Vincent Chao: Right. Okay. And just, maybe not a question -- if I missed it from earlier. On the 5.1% same-store NOI comp in the quarter it was quite a bit stronger than last sort of couple of quarters that you reported. Again, obviously we just talked about the ins and outs on a quarterly basis. Just curious, though, if there was anything surprising here in the first quarter for you guys relative to your initial outlook on the quarter
David Simon: Not really. We dont -- we dont update our comp NOI quarter-over-quarter. We told you what we felt we would do. We are always trying to achieve better than that. Last year we didnt. We came in a little bit under what we had wanted to see in comp NOI, that was all related to the unanticipated to at least to the degree in our overage rent due to the decrease in tourism spending, yet we produced our good earnings despite that headwind. All of thats explained in my shareholder letter. But we dont update it, we are hopeful to do better than that. Then we guided to early in the year and you know well see.
Vincent Chao: Okay. Thanks. And maybe just one last question on the anchor openings. I think there was about four backstages that opened this quarter. Just curious if you could provide some color on what you were seeing from that particular concept.
Rick Sokolov: While those backstages that open were done in existing Macy stores and if you look at how they are integrated into the store, they were basically taking one for side and one parking field and branding it, Macys backstage and its I think too early to say what kind of sales impact it has, but it is another reason for consumers to come to that store and hopefully it will contribute the kind of positive sales impact that they are looking for. But the physical presentation of it is basically a dedicated entrance and a dedicated portion of one floor of an existing Macy store.
Vincent Chao: Okay. Thank you.
Rick Sokolov: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: Hi. Just have one quick one last, what was the dollar volume of dispositions that you announced including the residential?
David Simon: The total, not to gain the total amount -- can do quick add 65 million somewhere in that including the outlet that we sold.
Michael Mueller: Okay. That was it. Thank you.
David Simon: No worries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Jeff Spector from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you. I appreciate hearing some additional comments helped answers my first questions how things have changed in the last year. I guess thinking about it David, would you consider disclosing the latest occupancy cost of sales for the outlets just to demonstrate the ability to continue to push rents further, or at this point you are just combining it with the malls?
David Simon: Weve always weve combined them for the last several years. I mean, any -- look I think all of this metrics manifest itself in the cash flow and comp NOI. And we are not as obsessed with metrics as maybe the analytic community that could be good or that could be bad, but that just a way we look at things. We also take a longer term view of the real estate that we do on a quarter-by-quarter and even year-by-year view. So I dont think that data is going to do you any good, frankly its not something we are like obsessed with whats the occupancy cost going to be you know on this particular deal with this particular tenant on how we run the business. We are looking at retail mix with a primary purpose that the retailer does well and the consumer likes it and then if that works together then hopefully it will create the environment that we are trying to do which by the way we are not -- you know we are decent at, good at. We are not great at, we can always do better. So another metric its just you know we just -- its just not where we want you to think about us. We want you to think about our cash flow growth, our investment and our assets over the long term and so on. But all I can tell you is the outlet business comp NOI growth is doing very well and we dont see a change in that even with the tourism slowdown that we are currently experiencing. Now we are -- our portfolio NOI grew 7.8% with top tourism spend and a slow growth economy. Thats pretty good work. I cant guarantee we are going to do it every quarter, but I think thats pretty good work. Thats what I like you to focus on.
Jeff Spector: Okay. Sounds good. And then my last question is just on retailer CapEx tenant allowance. Any change there as we think about whether -- how you are signing deals or some of your competitors? Is that increasing for some, decreasing? Is it similar to what we have seen in the past?
Rick Sokolov: Now if you look in the Q [ph] our allowance has been flat year-over-year and frankly all that allowance is just for new tenants. We have minimal allowance for our renewal.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Rick Sokolov: No worries. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy from Citibank. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Yes, its Michael Bilerman. David, I am curious, as you think about all the investments you are making in the mall of the future, how do you think effectively the return on that capital will come? Do you think it is going to come direct from the consumer to you, or do you think it is going to come in the form of better sales, better productivity, better margins of your tenants and therefore higher rents that are able to be paid to you. And maybe just talk about where we are in sort of your view about how close we are to this mall of the future that you envision?
David Simon: Well I think we are still in the very early stages. I mean, I wish we were more along that curve, but its you know its not easy. I would say to you first, but theres lots of things we are experimenting with and you know I continue to think that as we do those investments that the consumer will appreciate them and it will lead to more traffic and more visits and more browsing which is very important. I would say to you that the -- I dont necessarily see, I see it more as creating a better environment which will lead to all the benefits of that as opposed to the consumer is going to pay us for it. The consumer, frankly as we all know is getting a lot of stuff subsidized right now because of whats going on in the broader world, you know delivery returns just to name a couple. So I see it more as creating an environment thats going to drive traffic and lead to you know more demand from retailers wanting to be in those places where traffic is. And more demand I think relates to for us hopefully well be able to generate more cash because you know supply and demand is important in every industry and obviously very important in the real estate industry. So, I think its more of that. But I wouldnt rule out that the consumer but I think its more creating the appropriate environment if -- to give you a simple answer to that. And Id say, we are early days in that but you know we are hopeful, we are hopeful to continue to improve the environment.
Michael Bilerman: I am curious how much buying you have from the retailers to sort of experimenting and bringing more experience based things to their stores and, clearly doing all this stuff in terms of parking and direct on the consumer side to get them to come to the mall. But is there some retailers that are being better partners in terms of just trying to drive that increased traffic?
Rick Sokolov: Yes I think they are all very focused on it. I think the relationship on that front is excellent. We are getting a lot of cooperation buy end. It obviously depends on the sophistication of the retailer and you know frankly they are very busy too. But the good news is when we describe to them what we are trying to achieve and how they can play a role in, you know they are all very receptive. But they are also all very busy as well. So its for us its prioritizing the biggest thing for the buck making it easy as possible in terms of plug and play almost to use a technology, terminology we can deliver that to the retailer thats a lot easier. I mean it gets a little gruesome with the details which Ill spare you and me and everybody else on the call to go into that level but I think they are being excellent. They have been very cooperative and we all want to drive traffic to the physical world and we all see the benefit of that and you know well continue to experiment plug along here.
Michael Bilerman: Great. And thanks for the NOI disclosure.
Rick Sokolov: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Floris van Dijkum from Boenning. Your line is open.
Floris van Dijkum: Thank you. Could you --your gross international NOI exposure is 8% today. What is your net exposure, and would you consider expanding your international NOI based on low interest rates that offer in both Europe and in Japan? And in particular, when you look at your European outlets platform, do you think you can expand that by another 3 million square feet over the next five years?
David Simon: Well, look I think we do want to expand our Asian premium outlet portfolio, but we only want to do it when there is a supply and demand and that we dont want to do it because of low interest rates. And I we feel strongly about our McArthurGlen relationship as well and the good news is having been back and forth to see the MGE folks twice in the last I dont know four or five weeks. They have a very good pipe. So the answer there is yes, we want to build out their pipe in Continental Europe and the U.K. and we certainly wanted, we certainly got a handful of opportunities in Asia as well and listen, the low interest rate certainly make it easier in a sense but its always supply and demand, can we lease the building? Thats -- can we lease the building and at what rent? On your net question, you are asking from a hedging point of view, I wasnt really sure what you meant by the gross versus the net, so maybe if I could ask you again that?
Floris van Dijkum: Sure. It is both on an asset and obviously you are partly hedged through local debt, but also on an epical contribution in terms of your interest expense in local currencies. Whats your interest -- what is your currency risk in that income on both the asset as well as the income side?
David Simon: Well we certainly hedged; we are in the high 90s in terms of our investment. And so thats hedged. But you know given you can see the NOI contribution, its not -- its real dollars once converted obviously. So there is risk there. And we were not overly leveraged, so you know well make some of it on the interest expense as we mark that to dollars you know on a weighted average quarterly basis, but we have got, they are extremely profitable our debt service ratios are extremely high. So well never be able to hedge the profitability of that and never be able to-- you know we dont want to hedge over our investment because then you will have that run through the P&L every quarter and I dont want to do that. We will have the earnings run through the P&L but I dont want to go outside of currency hedges that would have to be mark to market if we were overhedged. And so weve always, weve always hedged upto our investment and I think we are in the 90 some odd percent up. I hope I answered your question.
Floris van Dijkum: Yes. Partly. The other question I had was regarding your Seritage JV and in particular maybe, Rick, you can talk about, do you and your partner have similar views on the capital required to redevelop those boxes?
Rick Sokolov: Certainly we have identical vision as to the potential for those boxes. Each of us are going to have to deal with the funding of that when the time through their own sources, but they fully recognize that and we do not perceive that as an issue.
Floris van Dijkum: And when do you expect you are going to start your first project there?
Rick Sokolov: We are working with Seritage but also working with Sears because we need to go through the pretty complicated process of downsizing these stores and thats not a straightforward enterprise.
Floris van Dijkum: Okay, thanks.
Rick Sokolov: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time that we have for questions for today. So Id like to turn the call back over to David Simon for closing remarks.
David Simon: Thank you for your questions and your interest, we really appreciate it. And we look forward to talking to you in the future.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you again for your participation in todays conference call. This now concludes the program and you may all disconnect your telephone lines at this time. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Ward - VP, IR David Simon - Chairman & CEO Rick Sokolov - President & COO Andy Juster - CFO Steve Broadwater - CAO
Analysts: Ross Nussbaum - UBS Christy McElroy - Citi Michael Bilerman - Citi Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Steve Sakwa - Evercore Paul Morgan - Canaccord Paul Adornato - BMO Capital Markets Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank George Hoglund - Jefferies Mike Mueller - JPMorgan Floris van Dijkum - Boenning
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Simon Property Group 2015 Earnings Call. My name is Lauren and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Ward, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning everyone. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, our Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information, in today's form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, I am pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good morning. We had strong results to wrap up a great year. We opened, started, and completed several new development and redevelopment projects. We successfully executed several capital market transactions, extending our average term and reducing our weighted interest cost. We continued to achieve strong operating and financial results. Our full-year 2015 FFO per share was $9.86 which peaked our initial guidance range of $9.60 to $9.70 a share, even with a net $0.11 loss reported during the year which was derived from $0.33 loss on extinguishment of debt, partially offset by $0.22 gain on the sale of marketable securities that occurred in the year, as well as $0.12 negative impact from foreign currency devaluations. On a comparable basis, excluding the impact from WPG spin-off in the prior year, and the net loss mentioned above, full-year FFO increased 11.4% to $9.97 per diluted share. We posted record FFO results once again and have achieved a compound annual FFO growth rate of more than 14% over the last five years. For the fourth quarter, FFO of $2.40 per share included a $0.33 loss on extinguishment of debt and exceeded the consensus estimate by $0.02. On a comparable basis, excluding the loss on the extinguishment of debt in the quarter, FFO per diluted share increased 10.5% year-over-year. Now, let me turn to operating metrics and cash flow. Our Malls and Premium Outlets occupancy ended the year at 96.1%. This was 100 basis points lower than year-end 2014, due to the timing of lease up of more 2 million square feet of new space we brought online this year from expansions and new developments, as well as replacing the 1.3 million square feet of space lost due to tenant bankruptcies during the year. Importantly, we are more than 90% leased on the new space we brought online this year. The timing of the lease up on the remaining space to be leased impacted our year-end occupancy by approximately 50 basis points. By the end of the year we replaced more than 70% of the space loss to tenant bankruptcies and the remaining space to be leased impacted occupancy by 50 basis points as well. Put the two together, and that's a 100 basis point differential. Leasing activity remained healthy as evidenced by the Mall and Premium Outlets reported leasing spread of $10.62 per foot, an increase of 18%, and the base minimum rent was $48.96 which was up more than 4% compared to last year reflecting strong retailer demand for our locations. As I mentioned retailer demand per space remained strong. Retailers who want to grow their business were adding brand extensions, and creating new brands, and pure-play retailers want physical locations to increase their revenues. Retailers who opened bricks-and-mortar stores experienced increased consumer awareness and subsequently greater organic site traffic and lower customer acquisition cost. We have repeatedly heard from retailers that online sales is directly influenced by the presence of a physical store in that market. When the retailer opens a physical store in a market they see their online sales increase, and likewise, if they close the store they see their online sales in that market decline. Successful omnichannel retailers are increasing their buy online and pickup in store. This functionality not only increases convenience for shoppers, but also facilitates incremental purchases and upsell opportunities when the shopper enters our retail environment. For 2015, sales per square foot for our Mall and Premium Outlets were $620 a foot compared to $619 a foot. Comparable sales per square foot for the Malls increased 5.7%. We were up a greater amount at the Mills and we were down slightly at our tourist oriented premium outlets, and up slightly at our non-tourist outlet centers. We have great centers in key tourist locations that generate incredible sales volume and is the envy of the industry. The strong dollar, however, impacted tenant sales as these unique centers which negatively affected our overage rent for the quarter. I know you've all heard about mall traffic decreases. But let me give you some facts based on our internal data across the largest retail portfolio in the U.S. and not just estimates derived from arbitrary algorithms. Traffic at our Malls was flat for the year including the Holiday season, traffic at our Premium Outlets increased 1.5% for the year and more than 2% for the holidays, and traffic at the Mills increased slightly for the year as well. Comp NOI increased 3.7% for the full-year 2015 and increased 3.4% for the fourth quarter of 2015. For the fourth quarter, overage rent declined $13 million year-over-year due to the lower sales volumes that I mentioned already at our tourist oriented centers. The lower overage rent impacted our comp NOI for the quarter of approximately 100 basis points. I will strongly remind you we do not include lease settlement income, new acquisitions, or the impact of recently redeveloped or expanded centers in our comp NOIs -- in our comp NOI number. Total NOI from our consolidated and unconsolidated properties increased more than 7% to $5.8 billion in 2015. That was on top of 6.7% growth in 2014 and this includes any NOI contribution from Kle'pierre. Now let me quickly talk as we could spend hours on our redevelopment and expansion. At the end of the fourth quarter, but I'll give you some highlights, at the end of the fourth quarter, redevelopment expansion projects were ongoing at 29 properties across all three of our platforms, with a total committed spend of $1.5 billion. During the quarter, we opened two significant expansions and completed number of other strategic redevelopments, including the new Fashion Wing at Del Amo which includes the new Nordstrom and more than 100 exceptional brands, expansion of The Colonnade Sawgrass where we added 20 small shops, very high-end small shops and two restaurants, and the redevelopment at Phipps, Woodfield Mall, and Menlo Park. We also started construction on several new projects during the quarter, including The Shops at Riverside and Copley Place. Construction continues on other major redevelopment and expansion projects at some of our most productive properties including Roosevelt Field, Stanford, King of Prussia, Woodbury Commons, The Galleria in Houston. Most of these projects will be completed in '16 and Houston Galleria will go into '17 as well. Now not to be ignored we continue to be active on new development. We opened two new outlets during the quarter in Tucson and Tampa both off to very strong sales start. Construction continues on two new domestic outlets in Columbus and Clarksburg both scheduled to open later this year, as well as a designer outlet in Provence, France, which is scheduled to open in the spring of 2017. We also started construction in upscale outlet center in Seoul, Southwest Seoul, Korea, scheduled to open in the spring of 2017, this will be fourth there. And we also recently announced a new partnership with Ivanhoe Cambridge developed a premium outlet collection at Edmonton International Airport which will be our fourth outlet in Canada. This is expected to open in the fall of 2017. Two new full price developments are ongoing as you know one in Miami, a Brickell Centre opening this fall, and Fort Worth at The Shops at Clearfork scheduled to open in early 2017. Leasing demand at both are great. Brickell will be anchored by Saks; Clearfork will be open air and anchored by Neiman Marcus. Portfolio changes. We sold The Shops at Sunset Place and we recently completed the sale of Columbia George outlet. And we also recently acquired with our partner McArthurGlen the majority interest in a leading outlet center in Ochtrup, Germany, Northwest Germany. This successful center is well-positioned within the market and has significant value added expansion opportunities. Let me run through the balance sheet, two senior offerings and totaling $1.9 billion was done last year with an average weighted coupon of 2.34%, term of 7.5. We redeemed four series of senior notes totaling 1.7 with an weighted average coupon of 6. We closed 23 new mortgages with an average interest rate of 3.2% and 8.5 years. Our liquidity was $5.5 billion. At the end of the quarter, our fixed charge coverage is up to 4.5%, or I'm sorry 4.5 times, and recently we completed a very successful senior notes offering earlier this month raising $1.35 billion at an average interest rate and term of 2.9% at 8.2 years in a very volatile capital market scenario. Dividends. We paid a record dividend in 2015 of $6.05 per share. This has achieved a compound annual growth rate of more than 18% over the last five years. We announced our dividend today to be paid this quarter of $1.60 which is an increase of 14% year-over-year. Okay, that's pretty busy. Now, let me talk about our guidance, for '16, it's $10.70 to $10.80. This range represents 9% to 10% growth compared to the FFO per share of $9.86 for 2015 and again will be industry leading. Our range is based on the following assumptions: comp NOI for our portfolio malls, outlets, and mills, of at least 3.5%; and total NOI growth of more than 6% for the portfolio; no additional planned acquisition or retail disposition activity than what we recently completed; continued unfavorable impacts related to foreign currency devaluations which should affect us by approximately $0.05 compared to 2015; and importantly, we are not assuming any additional share count decrease, so an average diluted share count of $362 million. We are now looking forward to your questions. Operator, are you with us?
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
David Simon: Hello, operator?
Operator: Yes. Can you hear me?
David Simon: We don't have any question ma'am. Let's go to the next.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum, UBS. Please proceed.
Ross Nussbaum: David, you touched on the link between retailers having stores at your Malls and Internet sales in that local market. One of the questions I get recently from investors is the concept of occupancy cost being measured as a percentage of sales just at that Mall store. When you're talking to retailers now about the rent they should be paying, how is the conversation going such that you can capture some of those Internet sales in the rents that you're charging them at the physical Mall? Because to me that seems like an important shift in the business going on.
David Simon: Well I don't -- again I -- let's separate media narrative to reality. But we're including anything, any sale that comes from their store and it could be driven by the Internet is in our sales that come from that store. So we're getting the benefit of that. And so I still think occupancy cost is still going to be very important to the overall negotiation of what the rent they're able to proceed. However, it is important to note that stores for these retailers are part of their distribution network. And when they look at whether or not they're going to keep a store open, they're also going to affect evaluate what their decrease in overall Internet sales might be in that market and that is a benefit to us -- not that we have a lot of stores that are risk for closures other than through bankruptcy. So at a 12.3% given our productivity and given where our rents are and what you've seen from the history, I mean we've got, we still have a very good run rate to continue increase our rents.
Ross Nussbaum: Okay. And then a second question. Can you touch on your interest in Macy's real estate now that they are clear that they want to do something there? In particular, I guess in theory, it would be with your Hudson's Bay joint venture. But may be just touch on your interest level there. Thanks.
David Simon: Well look they've been a very important partner of ours and obviously they have very good real estate. So I can say nothing really is happening that's material or meaningful other than our normal ongoing business and that's been very productive and we have a excellent relationship with Macy's both from a real estate and a corporate point of view. They've been very supportive in our efforts to enhance the quality of our real estate through our expansion and redevelopment activity and if they've got ideas on how they want to look at the real estate, we're happy to do it either as part of the HPC JV or on our own. But nothing really is happening other than day-to-day business.
Rick Sokolov: And the only thing I would add in the course of that day-to-day business we acquired a Bloomingdale's store at Stanford demolished it creating small shop, they build a new Bloomingdale's store. We combined three Macy's stores into two at Del Amo to facilitate our expansion. So that day-to-day business does involve activities with respective of their existing stores.
Ross Nussbaum: Thanks guys.
David Simon: And, look, I think it's very interesting that the market needs to understand on these retailers Macy's and the Penney and down the list. I mean does that vast, vast, vast majority of their stores have four-wall profits. And Rick and I just did a tour in Texas this week and I'll let you guys figure out who the retailers are, a major note in Texas are, and we hear that repeatedly. So, Macy's, I'm sure that vast, vast, vast, vast majority of those stores that they have four-wall profits. So I don't anticipate there to be significant changes but we will see and I think it will give us the opportunity. I think Rick made a great point in that. We can pickoff a Bloomingdale's at the Stanford in the middle of the Mall and release it to high-end shops and they can build a new store that's a win-win for everybody involved. So I think there will be a few of those as well.
Ross Nussbaum: Thanks.
David Simon: Sure. Operator?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy, Citi. Please proceed.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, David. It's Michael Bilerman with Christy. Just a question about the balance sheet and as you think about your very conservative balance sheet with exceptional cost of capital and access to capital. And I'm curious as you think about maintaining that really strong balance sheet, how much of it is thinking about opportunities down the road -- and I don't know how quickly those opportunities will come into view -- and how much of it is that your concern perhaps about the macro environment? And I recognize that use of capital you can buy back stock, which you haven't really done in the back half of the year, and you have a very large development and redevelopment pipeline which is funded by free cash flow. But your overall leverage metrics and access to capital are -- never been better in the Company's history. And I'm just trying to think about what's driving that in your mind as you run the Company?
David Simon: Well I think it's a great point and it's ignored a lot in terms of how people look at our company. But I love the fact that our interest coverage is 4.5 times given the size of our, I should say fixed charge coverage, not just interest coverage. And I love the fact that we can fund our development and new development from our free cash flow, and yet at the same time have a compound annual growth rate, dividend increase of 18%. I mean you can't put those kind of metrics against anybody and they can't issue in a day paper at under 3% when the CMBS market is cracking and the life company market is cracking and the high yield market is cracking, and yet we're able to go whether it's in the Euro market or the U.S. fixed income market but to place that kind of paper in that kind of speed and it's undervalued by the equity markets. So me that is sacrosanct. And I have been very reluctant enter the big deal business, I continue to be. And where we are so busy, I mean, I -- as you know, I have a hard time speaking generally and I -- when they get -- when we write our script, I can barely get the words out because I didn't take elocution classes in high school. But the fact of the matter is we are extremely busy building and adding value to the portfolio using our external free cash flow that remains the focus. I think we'll be very conservative on buying our stock back in today's market and my view on the big deal business really hasn't changed.
Christy McElroy: Hi David, it's Christy here. Just following up on some of the stats that you mentioned earlier, with traffic in the malls flat, but sales up 5.7% which is encouraging. I'm wondering if you have a sense for what's driving that differential, are people staying in the Mall longer, visiting fewer stores, are conversions higher, just several retailers out there commenting that Mall traffic is down and the impact that that perception is any share prices, just any information that we can get from your data, would be helpful.
David Simon: Yes, I think it's a very important point to make the following distinction. So remember we get the overall traffic number and yet most of the folks that quote -- most of the folks that quote numbers are based on algorithms, so it's not real necessarily data like we have, and number two, is it is derived from certain stores. So it doesn't, it necessarily equate the mall traffic and it gives you store data but not mall traffic data and that's the distinction that I really important to make. And I will tell you the trend though with mobile technology is that the consumer today clearly is going to the physical environment more educated, they're doing less browsing and they're going to less stores. So we think that the store data that you get is in fact maybe it's a little bit not that far off but it doesnt represent mall traffic and I just think the consumers go and do a few less stores because theyre doing less browsing because theyre more informed prior to their visits. But overall the mall traffic is what we say it is, our comp sales are what they are, and its so operator driven, you could be in a category where one retailer is selling and another one is not and it's not tied with all boats but it's really retail and operator driven. And the good news is overall given the size of our portfolio, we have a pretty good handle on this -- overall we're having pretty good comp sales increases.
Christy McElroy: So the bottom-line is the same number of people are coming to the mall, but sales are up 5.7% there are just spending more while they are there?
David Simon: That's the bottom-line and they may be going to few less stores. I think, yes, you're probably right, I probably could have shortened the explanation but that's the bottom-line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt, Bank of America. Please proceed.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. It's Craig Schmidt.
David Simon: I hope that's Craig. I hope that's Craig.
Craig Schmidt: Yes it is Craig.
David Simon: Right.
Craig Schmidt: No transformation. My question is really on the future role of anchors at regional malls. How is your view changing of the anchors? I mean, there seems to be a lot of repurposing going on, such as the JVs and Seritage. And I'm also thinking about what you've done at Florida Mall and what you're going to be doing at Shops at Riverside: it seems like you're taking a somewhat different view of what the anchor's role is.
David Simon: Well, look I think it's such as and I'll let Rick weigh in here. I mean it's such as real estate specific equation but in a lot of cases you know the vendors that go into a department store in certain cases would rather have mall stores. And when we feel as that's the case while we'd rather just have the mall, we just rather have the vendor as a retailer and we don't necessarily want to rely on the department store to bring those vendors. So again it's specific and it's all about creating the right environment and experience and in some cases having this department store as part of that is vital, I take Del Amo with Nordstrom. They built a fantastic store it is so complementary to what we've done. We couldn't be prouder of that redevelopment and that Nordstrom store and the environment is helping us create. In other cases, the vendor, we had a Saks store at Riverside. They don't do well in New Jersey all at all. And we feel like those vendors that were in that store actually would have a better experience in our redone environment than they would in the Saks box. So it's and Florida Mall is a great example of just taking underperforming Saks that was not attracting the consumer, we went from, I think at $10 million Saks to $50 million of revenue generated after repurposing that that box, and that's what it's all about. Rick?
Rick Sokolov: Yes, the only thing I would add is that every mall has its own story. So for frankly at Roosevelt Field the addition of Neiman Marcus is going to be a fundamental expansion of the market area that's traditional fashion anchor. At Florida Mall, we added the Crayola Experience that in that market is just doing great business and expands the trade area of that property. What we're all about is trying to put in the appropriate retailers to maximize the importance of our properties in the markets that they serve.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And how is some of the progress on your JVs with Seritage?
David Simon: Pretty good I just had breakfast with Dan. I think, hopefully well get four or five started this year Rick, right? That's the plan.
Rick Sokolov: Yes, we literally we've got performance, plans done. That frankly the most interesting timeline is working with Sears is to how their store is going to be reconfigured and that just takes some time. But we've identified the replacement tenants, we've identified the performance, and as David said we anticipate having developments underway in at least half the properties we have in our joint venture this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows, Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. Just on the topic of occupancy cost, it has been steadily increasing over the past few years, as you've done a good job of really being able to push the rents despite slower sales growth. But I was just wondering: Is this something we should be concerned about? To what extent are retailers pushing back, or are the higher occupancy costs just a part of doing business in a strong mall now?
David Simon: Well look I mean at 12.3%, I would not worry at all. And I think we have to put into perspective how much our growth is ahead of GDP growth. I mean we are in a, I mean, if you look at our results this year and what we did above and beyond our expectations to pick up the extraordinary gain and losses that I mentioned. But if you just look at our numbers and the fact that we overcame relatively softer retail environment, a lot of things going into that move towards durable goods and increase in healthcare cost and taxes and general economic malaise, we overcame our foreign currency translation from outside of the U.S. here and then obviously the strong dollar. If you look at our outlet business I mean traffic was up across the portfolio yet sales were down there because the international tourist spent less, it's not -- it's pretty good execution with some of the headwinds that we've done. The 12.3% the way I look at it is an insurance policy against a slow growth U.S. economy that we continue to well outperform GDP growth, and, if it were up 15%, 16% maybe that's when we would raise the alarm. But at 12.3%, we've got rate insurance to continue grow their cash flow. And if you look at our comp NOI which is a real number, okay, which is a real number of at least 3.5% and what's the Goldman -- tell me what the Goldman -- today's Goldman get the conservative economist to Goldman. Not the bullish one get the one that you've got in the closet. What's their GDP growth? What are they saying, 2%, 1.5%?
Caitlin Burrows: Okay.
David Simon: Well tell me what do they say, Caitlin. I want to say 1.5%; I mean we're 2.5% --
Caitlin Burrows: Sure.
David Simon: We're 200 basis points above that and part of that is because we do have leases that are under market and we will be able to continue to push that. At the same time our business is all about repeat business. We've got to find a win-win with our retailers. We try to do the best we can meeting the expectations of our growth for us, for investors at the same time we want our retailers as strong as possible it's a very -- it's challenging to find that equilibrium. We do a pretty good job of it and Im confident we can continue to do it not completely, sometimes we screw up, on -- it's all the various ends there. But at the end of the day we try to find that equilibrium that will satisfy our retailer partner, satisfy our own internal expectations, satisfy our investors that's why I've been able to -- we've been able to grow our earnings 14% per annum, increase the dividend 18% per annum over a long period of time industry leading. We try to find that equilibrium we have an insurance policy.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it, okay. So it sounds like we shouldn't be concerned yet there. And then just --
David Simon: I will let you know okay.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. And then just regarding your current share price, the market appears to be supporting other mall REITs that might have some take-out potential while perhaps punishing you as a potential buyer. So the stock's down today. Can you comment on basically turning this argument over and by buying yourself and repurchasing shares -- I know you mentioned before that you'd be very conservative with doing that in the future?
David Simon: Well, look, I think what Bilerman said earlier, asked earlier, I mean we are out of the big deal business. So people can speculate all they want. And I do think the market should understand and as our plan that we will be conservative on buybacks. As some of the higher -- I understand Tom that some of the higher estimates out there on first call were due to the buyback number. So that's part of the issue there. We're going to be conservative there. I love having a great balance sheet. This is not a short-term game here. This is long-term. But I'm out of the big deal business, somebody wants to call me up and talk to me and show me how to make money, I'm all happy to have that conversation. But my opinion hasn't changed since really last Spring. So I don't really know what else I can tell you on that front. And we won't be afraid to buy back stock, it's just we're not planning right now. We have the authorization to do it. People are betting against that for whatever reason that's the markets but we have a growing dividend and growing earnings and that's usually a bad thing to bet against.
Caitlin Burrows: I agree. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb, Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning, David.
David Simon: How are you doing, Alex?
Alexander Goldfarb: Doing well, doing well. So just quickly, I'll go to the second question first and then I'll go to my first question second, because you mentioned dividends. Last year you guys to raised the dividend quarterly. Obviously it was up almost 20% for the year. This year should the expectation -- you didn't raise it from fourth quarter. So should we think about just more normalized sort of annual increase? Or do you think that we'll see a steady state of increases throughout the year? And part of that is just trying to read into cash flow use. May be with what's going on you guys are trying to husband more cash; or maybe it was just how you raised it a lot last year and now you want to go back to an annual increase.
David Simon: Yes, I think what we were, we've always -- we've been chasing our taxable income, as you know, and there is a lot that goes into that equation. If we kept it at $1.60 that would be 6% growth year-over-year, I would think that that would be at the bare minimum of what happens but I would start to like to get into a normalized once a year raise. So we don't do it sequentially, sequentially like we've been doing at quarter after quarter and I think that should be your expectation going forward. And we'll probably assess that at near the end of each year now as we had in the past. But that's subject to change obviously with the input of our taxable income calculation as well as obviously our boards input, but at the very, very least 6% growth, over 6% growth. I would like for it to be annualized and -- I'm sorry once a year when we evaluate it, which would probably most likely be in the back half, so we can position it for the proceeding or the subsequent year. But as you know with our NOI growth of least over 6-plus-percent, our taxable income is going to be increasing. And so that will be driving our dividend increase up as well.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is, on -- I think it was in your response to Christy's question, if shoppers are getting more selective and visiting fewer stores: one, it sounds like a merchandising issue from retailers; and then, two, does that mean that we should expect higher retailer turnover? Like we should see more stores closing if they can't get their merchandising right? Or your view was the retailers that had trouble attracting shoppers last year are quickly addressing their merchandising issues?
David Simon: Well, look, I think the retailers clearly are in that boat, and they're not as, what there is, we did experience in '15 a number of bankruptcies of kind of the really poor performing retailers. There was clearly a slowdown in retail sales in the back half of the year. And then when you couple that with the tourism issue, you couple that with the normal weather, I mean it was so to speak a perfect storm, and it took a lot of retailers out. I mean we've seen this movie and I don't know if it's Rocky 7 -- I'm ready for Creed. Okay. So we don't have to keep seeing this movie over again. I think our retailers are pretty sophisticated adapting very aggressive. And I think part of the responsibility of driving traffic for more stores is -- the onus is on us. I mean, we've got a great environment which does and is able to communicate to the consumer what's going on in the mall so that they can visit kind of more stores than they have and that they at least did in '15 and take advantage of them when they're in our store. And I think clearly as our retailers sneak up their information, drive traffic to the stores, fill out of the stores, return out of the stores, I mean all of that is going to be incremental as their systems get more sophisticated that I think hopefully will extend stays and allow people to visit more stores. So it's all the work-in-progress, we've got to do some of that ourselves. And as you know we're doing a lot of that, we're at the forefront of lot of that activity to try and figure out how the best way to communicate to the consumer, so they go see eight or 10 stores as opposed to four, five, or six.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then just for your -- I know how much you love your Crooked Stick suggestion box, but as you guys do a lot of the development and redevelopment, it would just be helpful from our end to have a table in the supp that just sort of quantifies the amount and quarter that developments and redevelopments will come online, just for a modeling perspective.
David Simon: Yes, we're happy, well, I think I'm happy to do that, it doesn't -- now I will say this. I know there was a comment or two that said about our returns going down absolutely not, our mix changes every quarter which we probably, Tom, could do a better job of pointing that out. And I assure you that if we are doing to deliver; I mean we do have to have a materiality threshold for the size of our company. But I assure you and the market that if we have a major development or a major redevelopment where we're going to lay an egg, we'll let you know. That's not what happened in today's supplement. We had some things come off and we had some things come on, just like we do every quarter and Tom is happy to walk you through what went in and what went out. But I assure the market if we're going to lay an egg on anything that's new or whether it's new or redevelopment we'll let you know with some materiality threshold obviously. But that's not the case with the changes in our development pipeline and redevelopment pipeline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa, Evercore. Please proceed.
Steve Sakwa: Just I guess two quick questions. You mentioned that, I guess, comp sales were up. I think you 5.7%. When I look in the supplemental and just looked at total sales it's basically flat December to December. And I realize that comp sales are only a piece of the overall sales. But as you replace weaker tenants with new ones I would think there's an uplift. I guess I'm just trying to reconcile the strong comp sales.
David Simon: Remember our comp you got to be in place for 24 months. So that's not the case, that's number one. And number two, I mean we did have our -- that the -- we did have slippage in our tourist oriented centers not just the outlets but in a number of the malls that were I mean that we had to deal with. And again it wasn't a traffic issue and it's not anything other than and I know we've seen it from the retailers, but the tourism that is important to the economic growth of the United States of America may have come if they spent less and we have unbelievable great properties that in the long run are fantastic. And the sales have come out. I mean we have small shops and medium size shops that do $30 million, $40 million of volumes in some of these places. But the tourism affected that. And as you know we've got a lot going on in some of our major properties moving tenants in and out. So we put it all together and total sales were relatively flat. We don't view that as a big deal.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Any sense as to what -- of the overall sales, comp sales make up what percentage of that total sales number? Is that two-thirds of the bucket, three-quarters, a half?
David Simon: 70%.
Steve Sakwa: 70%? Okay. And then I guess as it comes to -- or in terms of bankruptcies this year, I realize you guys got hit pretty hard last year. You're working through. What is your expectation for bankruptcies this year? And how is that impacting that sort of 3.5% NOI number that you're giving us?
David Simon: Well, look at, it is. I mean, we still have lease-up from last year, and we're -- we've budgeted in some of the weaker tenants whether they go bankrupt or we do, we renegotiate short-term deals while we replace them with strong tenants I mean thats all factored in there. So we have been conservative on overage rent. I mean these -- we're not a perfect science model I mean, nor is the U.S. economy. So we do the best that we can, budgeting the best that we can, being as conservative as we can. We clearly thought in '15, we would hit 4%; we didn't because of the overage rent thing that we did mention. And that was, as you know, overage rent you hit breakpoints or if you're over the breakpoints there is a lot of volatility the fourth quarter is important in total sales. And I mean that's hard to necessarily model. But we took a very conservative approach in how we look to the books at year-end. And we're taking a reasonably conservative approach; we still have work to do. But conservative sales, conservative lease-up, conservative restructuring at certain tenants whether in or out of bankruptcy is all factored into that number. But importantly Steve and this is the true distinction. I mean our number is -- our 3.5% is different than most people, okay. So you have to put that into perspective.
Steve Sakwa: No, I do. I appreciate that. I'm just trying to get a sense. Do you think the 1.3 million will go up or down in '16? Is that -- do you think you have similar amounts?
David Simon: I think it will go down, I think it will go down, '15 was a big year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan, Canaccord. Please proceed.
Paul Morgan: Just in terms of the impact you mentioned, if I understand correctly, in terms of occupancy from the space that was added but wasn't -- and is leased but wasn't occupied at year-end. Was that, I mean was that sort of part of the budget that may be we just didn't fully understand going into the quarter? Or was there any openings that may be kind of slipped into the first quarter that were expected for the fourth quarter?
David Simon: I think when you open a new project and you get the 90%, what was it 90.7% or whatever it was? I mean when you open a new project and you're at 90.7%, year one that's pretty good its not just as 96% or 97% and that creates a little bit drag on the overall occupancy. So that's just real estate development. I mean I dont know of any project that opens a 100% occupied I mean may be a few do. And as I think we mentioned in the third quarter, we did put a lot in the system last year. So our resources were maxed out between all the redevelopments and all the new stuff, I again it's not like we're delivering these things at 60% occupied or 50%. I mean 90% after, 90.7% after at the end of year one is pretty good. So I think that's pretty good execution.
Paul Morgan: Yes, okay. And then you've got a lot of your kind of A+ assets that are under construction right now with expansions and redevelopments. I mean is there any dislocation that takes place either in the numbers or just in terms of traffic? I mean if some of the malls are kind of getting torn up in pretty major ways as you're doing the expansions. I mean does that trickle through to sales in your expectation or CAM or anything that's material?
David Simon: Well, I -- look, I mean I -- we don't want excuses, but, yes, I mean we ripped up Roosevelt Field, we ripped up King of Prussia, and we -- those were in -- we didn't take them out of our sales numbers and those things. You move tenants around. We had a number of that -- of those scenarios this year, which is investing in the future and it's not an immediate return. So I would tell you that all of those we had a setback in Copley, because we're ripping Copley to shreds, moving tenants around, making room for the potential of the apartments/condo tower. So that's clearly affecting us. But at the end of the day I mean that's just -- we're just not going to -- we're not going to use that as a basis to say, here is a little bit of a slippage, but yes it clearly is affecting -- it clearly affected '15 both from a NOI point of view and a sales point of view. And -- because a lot of these were moving traffic around, were closing entrances, and there is absolutely dislocation going on.
Paul Morgan: Thanks. Then just lastly, I mean any update on your kind of current thoughts about mixed-use? You've got obviously some of it in your redevelopment pipeline. But is it -- as you think about your shadow pipeline, both with your own properties and then specifically with some of the Seritage opportunities, I mean, how big a piece of your portfolio is residential or other mixed-use? Sort of something we could see over the next decade?
David Simon: I still think it's going to grow, but selectively. I mean, I kind of view this as the good news in that it's almost like our international investments. We've had such great results from our international investments. I mean, if you looked at what's on our books and what the value of this real estate is it's a homerun, a homerun. If you look at the yield on cash flow returns, a homerun. That gives us -- the only wrinkle on that is we lost $10 million in China. But if you look at Kle'pierre, McArthurGlen our own development in Japan, Korea, Canada, homerun. We've also had great experience. And I can't think of a problem we've had, Rick, in your mixed used development. So I -- as we gain more confidence in that business I think we'll continue to do it. But as you know that's so driven by supply and demand and it's so specific to the real estate. But we like it, we have had good success in it, we'll continue with it assuming we can continue to produce the results that we produced in that area.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Adornato, BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Paul Adornato: Hi, good morning. Was wondering if you could compare the performance of your top-tier properties, minus the noise of any redevelopments, versus the bottom tier. The market seems to dislike Class B properties. I was wondering if your lower tier is subject to some of those same risks.
David Simon: Well, look, I think our portfolio is the -- our results and our averages kind of the indicate -- indicative of kind of what results were. So I don't think there is any unusual trend. I think market sometimes may be overreacts to the only game in town mall. We think that business is good and very viable. If that's the only game in town market, have too much retail, it's going to be heard, but that could be in an A market too. I don't think we had any real unpleasant surprises and the not exciting markets that we still own. The only thing that was a little out of the ordinary from our results this year was the tour of spend that we've mentioned. And obviously that happened at some of our most unique landmark properties. I mean, we can't hide from that fact, not a long-term issue I hope. And -- but the tourist reined in a little bit, they rein in New York City, Madison Avenue, Fifth Avenue, down in Miami, North and South of the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso. We have Mexican Nationals to shop at our -- some of our premier properties. We've got the Canadian snowbirds I mean, that's -- that happens. That's the only trend that I would say is a little bit different than what we've experienced, not the only game in town which is -- we are in some of those markets but they continue to perform very well.
Paul Adornato: Thanks. And as a follow-up, could you talk about rent growth at the luxury side of the retail business? Which we expect, given the dollar.
David Simon: I think it's good, because as you know a lot of that even with the growth, even with that the tourism spending down most of those leases are well below market and -- number one. And number two is, they are still unique enough properties that when the opportunity presents itself that the demand is still there for that real estate. So very few people -- I'd say very few retailers don't -- that are of that nature that we want in those properties don't look at the long-term opportunity. But if it -- if there is a difference it's on the margin. But we still -- we're still pretty insulated from that, demand is good and our leases are under market there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim, SunTrust. Please proceed.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. So, David, hypothetical question. Given that we know a little bit more about the market and what the equity markets are doing versus last spring, all else equal -- and I know Macerich has sold some assets -- but in your mindset today and what you know about the world, would you still be a buyer of Macerich, all else equal, if it was back in the market today?
David Simon: I'm not going to comment on that.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay.
David Simon: All I can -- all I'm going to comment on is where we are today. And I've explained that a couple different places, okay.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Okay, and then the second question on your Outlet business, you've already talked about the traffic or tourists being down a little bit. But does that eventually translate into lease spreads? Where it's not just the overage rents that are taking a little bit of a hit, but if this continues are your lease spreads that the tenants are willing to pay eventually become more at risk?
David Simon: Well, the reality is I wish they were at market, because then the volatility -- so just say, when we roll over a lease we try to get effective rent, which is base rent plus overage rent and the reason we have a little more volatility is because the lease hasn't expired. So the good news is as these leases expire we're going to be able to get them at market rent. I mean that's why we had a little exposure in the fourth quarter, because we're not at market rent, we're not at market rent. So even with today's decrease in tours and spend, the important point though also is that the traffic was up and so that's an important point. I mean the traffic was up, it was really just the spend was down. And I think that's just going to be an adjustment until we get where the currencies are a little more stable and anniversary these sales. But the -- it's our intention to make that overage volatility go away and that's marking the leases to market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao, Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Vincent Chao: Yes, good morning or good afternoon. Just curious, going back to the 1.3 million square feet of bankruptcy space that was taken back, I thought I heard earlier that 70% had been re-let as of the end of the year. And apologize if I'd missed this, but I guess how did that stack up relative to your expectations? I mean, would you have expected to have more of that re-leased by now? And just I'll leave it at that.
Rick Sokolov: Hi. This is Rick. In fact, we were doing very well with that releasing. What we are going to do is we are not going to put our space on sale, we are holding margins. In fact, the rents for foot of the space that has to lease are above the rents of the tenants that left because of bankruptcy and we're making sure that we are getting in the right tenants at the right price, at the right space. So we're on track with that, and there you'll continue to see the benefit of that coming into this year as more of those leases open.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thanks. And on a slightly different topic, just going back to the -- sort of the changing profile of the mall and may be the decreasing importance of the anchors, particularly as a traffic driver, just curious if this -- or if you think about shortening lease terms from the traditional leased deals, five years or so, just so you have more control over how to control and create that experience, given that tastes change pretty quickly and things like that.
Rick Sokolov: When we do our leasing every space and every tenant has their own situation and we are strategic about our terms. If we feel that it's a tenant that is underperforming the mall, may be we'll do a shorter-term, if it's a tenant that were higher desires of having in the mall, we want them to remodel, we may give them a longer-term. So there is no overarching strategy on term, it's really a lease specific strategic decision.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Hoglund, Jefferies. Please proceed.
George Hoglund: I was wondering if you could give some additional color on the trends in asking rents. Because what we've been hearing is that asking rents are down year-over-year in the A malls as it's getting a little bit tougher to back-fill space, and the balance of power may be shifting a little bit towards the tenants. Just wondering if you could just give some color on that.
David Simon: May I ask where do you hear that?
George Hoglund: Hearing it from brokers out there.
David Simon: And what cities are these brokers from? Are they talking about like city street space? Or they -- I mean is it mall space?
George Hoglund: It's mall space.
David Simon: Well, I think you could -- I would put more faith in what we would tell you and the answer is that we don't see that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Muller, JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Mike Mueller: Yes. Hi. Just a couple quick ones here. I guess first, where do you see occupancy ending at year-end '16?
David Simon: We are projecting an increase from where we are this year.
Mike Mueller: Okay. Any shot at narrowing that down a little bit?
David Simon: No, no, because look the end of the day -- we're -- listen, we made our FFO this year, was $3.6 billion, right?
Andy Juster: Yes.
David Simon: So we -- which happen to be more than certain technology companies, I won't name names, okay. And -- I mean I know everybody wants all these metrics, but you've got to look at what we're all about, which is growing earnings, growing dividends, investing for the future. And I do think there is this move on metrics that I just want to put it in overall perspective, that it's not how we -- we don't stress over metrics the way others might. We're just focused on increasing our cash flow, investing for the future, making our properties the best they can be in a particular market for the benefit of shareholders, communities, retailers. And we will just tell you that we -- as we model all this we are expecting an increase in occupancy, it takes a lot of work. How many leases did we sign this year my friend?
Rick Sokolov: Over 10 million square feet.
David Simon: 10 million square feet, right? So you know it's hard to model. But we've had a pretty good track record. But certain things were out of our control bankruptcies, tourism spend and so on. So again, it's a slight uptick and we hope to be able to achieve that.
Mike Muller: Okay. And then may be a quick Andy question. It looks like interest income tripled in the fourth quarter relative to the third, just wondering what's driving that?
Andy Juster: Now --
Mike Muller: I know it's not a huge number in the grand scheme of things, but still.
Andy Juster: Yes. We can get back to you on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Floris van Dijkum, Boenning. Please proceed.
Floris van Dijkum: David, Floris. Quick question on your NOI growth. You posted 7% this year. If you do that for 10 years you've basically almost doubled your NOI. Is it reasonable to expect that kind of growth going forward, sort of the 3% on top of your same-store numbers that you're expecting to post?
David Simon: Well, it's a good question. I can't -- 10 years is a hard time for me to project. But look, I think the redevelopment and development pipeline that we've got I mean I think we've got a pretty decent shot of continuing that as we go forward. I mean, I think fact is of course, as you know a lot of people who have doubted our ability to grow our earnings because of the size of the company and obviously math does make it a little bit harder, but the fact is nobody in our industry -- and when I say industry, I -- I'm talking about retail real estate, nobody in our subsector of our industry, retail real estate has been able to do that over a, sure a quarter here or quarter there, a year there, or year there. But over the life of our company nobody has been able to do this. I mean we started out with I think, if I can remember the math $200 million of earnings, we're at $3.6 billion, okay. That's not too shabby. As I said in my annual report quoting Adam Sandler, but nobody liked but I kind of thought it was funny. But point is I don't know, I -- but we got a good runway for the next few years, Floris.
Floris van Dijkum: One follow-up question may be, David, on Aventura. I noticed there it's not in your supplements, but there are potential plans for, I guess an expansion that Seritage is suing Turnberry over. Can you make any comments on that?
David Simon: No, we're not named in that lawsuit, so we have no -- and we haven't seen the complaints, so we've got nothing more to add. And the one question on the other income was the cash flow that we got from our investment in Value Retail, which tends to happen year-after-year, but it -- we -- since we only -- we cost account for it. For those of you old like me, you know what that means? We don't equity account for it. So we only book the income upon receipt of cash and it happened to be in that quarter, but it tends to happen year-after-year. Operator?
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference over to David Simon.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you. Very, very good questions. Appreciate staying with us and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Ward - Vice President, Investor Relations David Simon - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Sokolov - President and Chief Operating Officer Andrew Juster - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Steven Broadwater - Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Christine Kilroy - Citigroup Jeff Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Paul Morgan - Canaccord Genuity Ross Nussbaum - UBS Jeremy Metz - UBS Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons Ryan Peterson - Sandler O'Neill Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI DJ Busch - Green Street Advisors
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q3 2015 Simon Property Group Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Julie and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. And now I would like to turn the call over to Tom Ward, VP of Investor Relations, please proceed, sir.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Julie. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release with supplemental information, in today's form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, I am pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good morning, we had a productive quarter. We opened started and completed several new projects and closed our joint venture with HBC including the acquisition of certain cop-op department store which will serve as another avenue of growth for us. And most importantly we continue to produce strong operating and financial performance. Results in the quarter were highlighted by FFO of $2.54 per share which exceeded the first call consensus by $0.07. These results were achieved even with the negative impact of $0.04 in the quarter compared to the prior year quarter due to the strong dollar. On a comparable basis excluding the loss on the extinguishment of debt in the prior year period FFO per diluted share increased 12.9% or $0.29 year-over-year. Key metrics, occupancy was 96.1%. Leasing activity remains healthy. The malls and outlets recorded releasing spreads of $11 per square foot, an increase of 18.4%. Comp NOI increased 4.3% in the third quarter of 2015, an increase 3.8% year-to-date keeping us on track for full year guidance of 4% comp NOI growth. This is on top of our industry leading growth of more than 5% in 2014. As a reminder we do not include lease settlement income in comp NOI disclosure or new transaction. We also do not include the impact of recently redeveloped or expanded centers. Total sales across the portfolio increased 1.8% for the trailing 12 months even with the loss of bankrupt tenants. On a comparable basis the sales per square foot increased for the 12 months ended September 30 was 2.7% positive. They were strong in the mall, but effective in the outlet business due to the strong dollar as had on sales activity from the international tourist in property zone; the Canadian, Mexican borders as well as traditional tourist markets. At the end of the third quarter redevelopment and expansion projects are ongoing at thirty properties across all three of our platforms with a total committed spend of $1.7 billion. During the quarter we opened significant expansion at two of the country's most productive outlet centers, San Francisco premium outlet centers and Chicago Premium Outlets. Following the expansion the outlets in Chicago and San Francisco are the largest respectively. In Illinois and California we have recently opened the Fashion Wing at Del Amo. The Wing includes a new Nordstrom, and more than a hundred exceptional brands, many of them exclusive to the trade area. With this transformation we have completed Del Amo is just another example how we continue invest in our proven assets to enrich the shoppers experience and enhance the value of our real estate. We have started construction on several new strategic projects during the quarter including significant redevelopments at the shops of Riverside, the Westchester and our progress is excellent with our Sears boxes at Seritage. As we move forward, construction continues on major redevelopment expansion projects. Some of our most productive properties including Roosevelt Field, The Galleria and Houston Stanford Shopping Center, the King of Prussia Mall, Sawgrass Mills and Woodbury Commons; all of these projects we expect to be completed over the next 12 months. In terms of new development, we opened two new in the quarter, Vancouver and Gloucester. We also opened Tucson Premium Outlets on October 01. And we are opening Tampa on Thursday of this week. During the quarter we started construction on a new premium outlet center in Clarksburg which is projected to open in October 2016. We are also with our partner McArthurGlen. We started construction on a new outlet and Provouge Spranz which is scheduled to open in March of 2017 which will be the only designer outlet in the south of France. And our share of investment at new outlets in full price is currently 725 million not including the recently completed Gloucester and Vancouver. And let's talk quickly about the balance sheet activities. We issued $1.1 billion of new notes with the weighted average duration of 7.8 years and an average coupon of 3.05%. We completed several secured placements during the quarter as well as the U.S. and German loan facility financings for a joint venture with HBC. Our current liquidity between the revolvers and cash on hand is approximately 6 billion. Our industry leading balance sheet continues to differentiate us in a very positive manner. We exercised caution during the third quarter with respect to our common stock repurchase program and did not repurchase any stock during the period due to the increased market volatility and the dislocation in the debt markets. We remain committed to our buyback efforts, of course subject to marking into conditions. In addition, we announced our dividend of $1.60 per share for this quarter. That's an increase of 23% year-over-year and in fact that's the fourth consecutive quarter that we've increased our dividend. We will pay $6.05 in 2015 and that's an increase of 17.5% compared to $5.15 of last year. So with all that said, no one is as active as we are in terms of redevelopment and new development. And I'm pleased, based upon the performance to date. Once again we raise our guidance of 2015 of $10.10 to $10.15 per share. This compares to our original FFO guidance of 9.60 to 9.70 per share or approximately $0.48 higher from the respective midpoints. We are now ready for question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citi. Please go ahead sir. You are live into the call.
Michael Bilerman: It's Michael Bilerman here with Christine Kilroy. David, your comment about the stock buyback, being I guess it's a volatile stock market and some uncertainties in the debt markets; isn't that exactly the time where you should be exercising your fortress balance sheet and significant cash proceeds to be able to buy the stock. I know high insight is 2020, watching the stock go up $27 but I'm just curious about the mentality at that point in time about not being aggressive at that point.
David Simon: Well, Michael I think stock buybacks, in terms of the marketplace reaction to the may be overstated. What I'm most interested in at this company is growing our earnings and our dividend and maintaining our balance sheet, improving our properties and enhancing our relationship. So I dont look at it quarter by quarter basis. We are more focused on growing our earnings per share and our dividend. And the fact is that in August the market was very volatile as you know the debt markets gapped pretty significantly. We chose for one quarter to be cautious. I have no regrets about that because our number one priority is to grow our earnings and our dividends. And that to me is more important and I think that's what the market should value more importantly than what one's buyback activity may be from one quarter to the next. We remain committed to it while we're going to be opportunistic about that because we continue to believe. I'm terrible at reading from the script. I can barely get the words out. But as you know our activity in redevelopment and new development is not hypothetical. It is ongoing and I think prudence in that category of the buyback is appropriate. And again I think our number one priority is earnings growth and therefore dividend growth. And then buy stock back when we feel like it's a real opportunistic time.
Michael Bilerman: And that Christine has a question as well.
David Simon: Sure.
Christine Kilroy: Hey David, just thinking about the Simon venture Group stuff and we appreciate the in-depth look at that business earlier this month, beyond just sort of the small financial investment you've made, what do you view as the primary benefit of this business to Simon, over the longer term as consumers shopping habits continue to evolve and maybe you can sort of give us a sense of how big you think that your investment in this business could reach over time?
David Simon: Well, let me just talk about what I think the goal is, ultimately it's to help connect with the consumer. The mall business is historically as always felt like the, our job was to get the box reach to the right retailers and let the retailers do most of the connecting and driving most of the traffic but I think the industry has a evolved, where we've got to become the driver of traffic and we've got to connect with the consumers. So what I'm looking for in that, those investments and that connection with technology is, how do I connect with the consumer to drive traffic and make their shopping trip more enjoyable or more effective, two: how do I help the retailer do that as well and then maybe third, is there some new concept or new retailer that ultimately can proliferate our portfolio through these kind of connections. And if we can accomplish those two or three goals then I think we will have succeeded. And it's all about trying to take the mall box making a smart connected box to help our retailers and the property owner connect with the consumer so that their trip is better, more efficient and more productive which we think will lead to sales growth. So that's the goal. We may do a little bit here and there that's a little far afield like funding the new retail or restaurant concept because we think maybe that has potential down the road and in terms of size, we're not going to get carried away but it's really hard to pinpoint right now exactly how big that can be but we have a sense where we're kind of, will ultimately be in the mid-20s by the end of this year, maybe we'll do another type of investment like that next year. So it wouldn't shock me if we are in there 50+ range by the end of next year but that's just a swag.
Operator: Thank you for your question. We do have another question and it comes from the line of Jeff Spector from Bank of America. Please go ahead sir, you are live into the call.
Jeff Spector: Great, thank you, good morning. I guess, just thinking about the bumps throughout the year, David what exceeded your expectations and how were you thinking about the budgeting process for 2016? I guess can you compare year-over-year, your mindset?
David Simon: Well, I think what's interesting before the end perspective, first of all is that as you look at our earnings growth we have had an increase in lease settlement income but we've also had the negative of the currency negative from our foreign operations. If you put the two together over 14 we've actually had a negative $0.05 variance. So, the increase in the lease settlement income from 15 to 14 offset against the reduction in earnings that we've taken from our foreign investments due to the strong dollar, net-net year-to-date has been a negative $0.05. So you have to put that in perspective. We've had good rental growth, good leasing spreads. We are obviously had a lot more bankruptcies in 15 than we did in 14 and the other impact we've had on the negative side is that we've lost certain amount of percentage rent from the outlet business because of the fact that the strong dollar has also heard tourism shopping and we've seen that impacted more in the outlet business, the outlet tourists centers then we had in the mall business. The mall comp sales have been a better than our expectations and our leading portfolio in terms of that. So the fact is we always though year in and year out, that's what makes us a little bit unique, we always had some positives, we always had some negatives and we somehow manage to hit our numbers, exceed our numbers, produce very strong industry leading results. I'd also say to you as we look into next year, I mean the key focus for us frankly is we have anniversary the stronger dollar. So that will not be, the negative it was this year and the big focus obviously is going to be leasing up the bankrupt tenants were probably 60% to 70% on our way there, a total loss score footage is the [million three]. So we've got our work cut out but we've seen this movie before. The good news is we have quality real estate that allows us to do it and we have other leverages to continue to have industry leading comp growth. And I think the big exciting thing that we've got in 16 which won't show up in our numbers, is all of the major redevelopment that we've done between King of Prussia, Roosevelt Field, Stanford, I want Craig to go see Del Amo, it's unbelievable what we've started there, of course we're still finishing it. It's a big complicated projects but we've got Woodbury Common coming on board, we've got the extension of Sawgrass colonnade, new development et cetera is going to be really terrific to open up in the latter half of 16 which positions us 17. The model is reinvest, generate excess cash flow, pay high dividends and I should, of course remind you that our dividend [indiscernible] was $3 and actually $2.70, its $6.05 today , we'll have significant growth in next year as well but we've got to show up and we've got to go work every day.
Jeff Spector: Thank you, that's helpful. Good timing on the, yes?
David Simon: I hope it answered your question but I'm not, but we've got work to do and we have one thing about comp and alike, if you look at nine, I'm sorry, if you look at 13, I don't know 5%, what we have guys 5%, 14 we had 5%, this year we are going to have 4%. So we are building it up a pretty strong base and we didn't have any down years of non-performance to build it off, right. So it's great to build also base if you had non-performance but we haven't had that frankly and in the great recession our comp and ally was relatively flat which was industry leading as well.
Jeff Spector: No, it's very helpful, thank you and good timing on the Del Amo because I know Craig has put in a request to visit it.
David Simon: Come on down.
Jeff Spector: Great. And then my only, my one other question was just on your previous comments on the redevelopment pipeline. We believe you've mentioned through 17 or you at the point where you think that pipeline could continue a billion plus beyond 17? Are we correct on that?
David Simon: Yes. I feel pretty good about that. Yes.
Jeff Spector: Beyond 17 or not yet?
David Simon: Yes, no, no.
Jeff Spector: Oh beyond? Okay.
David Simon: No rest for [indiscernible], so this morning, we're going through our budget cycle now which is a lot of fun but this morning we were going through our capital plan through 16 and 17 and 18. And we don't see it abating, its actually in17 it will be higher probably around $1.5 billion, and in18 in that range. And the big unknown is how fast the Seritage things happen. We are not, its a joint venture. So it's not just the question of how fast we can go but also how fast Seritage can goes and how fast Sears can go which is clearly we're trying to influence but we don't have complete control in that but we certainly have a lot on the drawing board to do there.
Jeff Spector: Great thank you.
Operator: Thank you feel question. We do have another question it comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead you are live into the call.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. Earlier this year, mall REITs were of course impacted across the board by retailer bankruptcies but your same-center occupancy was down 80 basis points this quarter which is actually more than the first and second which seems surprising. So, I was just wondering if you could talk about what drove that year-over-year decline in occupancy to remain in the third quarter and how you expect it turn going forward.
David Simon: We had more bankruptcies in the third quarter. So, Jones went out, just more bankruptcies and then we've also opened up a few centers which had some decrease. We just saw people understand, we don't, in our statistics we put in new centers. The minute the rent in terms of occupancy or new expanded centers. They're not in our comps, NOI growth but they are in our sales per square foot and they're in our occupancy. So part of that decrease was also that we added some new centers and some new expanded centers which actually drove our occupancy down, [flat plenty depth] as well.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it and then like you're mentioning before, you guys have had consistent pretty strong same store NOI growth but do you think that this creates some easy occupancy comp for 2016 and that should be able to help you even more?
David Simon: Nothing is easy, if you see my grade here recently. Nothing is easy. Well, I won't say anything about gold but we did read this retail report; we found your list of 100 malls curious, so I assume the real estate folks didn't have much to do with that but we're happy to help you.
Caitlin Burrows: It will. Our retail team that put it together.
David Simon: Right and you quoted traffic statistics which I would encourage you read the footnotes from your source.
Caitlin Burrows: We will do. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you. Happy to help.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan from Canaccord, please go ahead.
Paul Morgan: Good morning. Just on the sales trends, I mean could you talk a little bit about it, I mean whether and to what extent the tourist markets were drag due to the dollar or maybe looking at any differences between the Mall and the premium outlet portfolio.
David Simon: We're not going to run from this. We're just going to tell you reality. We have unbelievable tourist centers. In our outlet business, Orlando, Woodberry, throughout Las Vegas and those generate a lot of tourism dollars and the tourists because of the strong dollar, you know was quiet. The high end luxury retail market in say New York City and Miami has been hurt as well and we saw that have an usually, it has very little impact but we saw that a little bit more in the outlet business and very little in the mall business. We think it's more or less temporary these are great assets, has no impact on retail demand and we've seen a space that comp NOI growth but thats why the sales metrics are a bigger reaction from you than they are from me, but we tell like it is. So they had an impact on our retail sales per square foot but we don't think it's going to have an impact on our ability to continue to grow comp NOI growth.
Paul Morgan: Okay that give some other question I guess which is just, if you look at the public retailers a lot of them or at least stocks have gotten hit pretty hard over the past several months and as we head into the holidays I mean as you talk to them engage with them about, they're open to buys for next year. I mean how is their sentiment? Is it been shifting at all? Is this just kind of sort of the shift in market share between different retailers or is there anything more kind of systematic in terms of, maybe how they're approaching their growth over the next year or two?
David Simon: I'd say this, its retail dependent but they are better retailers who are dealing with the stronger dollar which has it short term impact on them and second, the fact is our GDP growth is anemic I mean we are growing our general economy 2% below, I think retail cant avoid that fact. The good news is we outperform not because we cater to generally the better consumer and what I think we've seen from the better consumer this year is a little bit move toward which happens in cycles, a little bit more toward durable goods than non-durable goods which has the impact of making kind of a flattish comp sales growth increase but like I said the mall business, we had very strong comp NOI, I'm sorry comp sales, retail sales growth this year and which was offset as I said only by the tourist centers in the outlet business. So net-net we are up 2.7 but if I isolated just the mall, we'd be up much higher than that and that is a testament even though in the anemic GDP growth the better consumer is spending even though there's been a significant increase in durable goods purchases but retail right now is generally a challenge but we're producing results and we intend to continue to do that.
Paul Morgan: I mean would you Would you say it kind of hasn't translated into a meaningful shift in the appetite for space in your centers as people talk about next year?
David Simon: Not really. I think the opportunity to growth their business in good real estate for better retailers is strong and I don't see the current environment affecting that.
Paul Morgan: Great. Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question comes from Ross Nussbaum from UBS. Please go ahead.
Ross Nussbaum: I am here with Jeremy Metz. Hey David, when we met the other day, you talked a little bit about the amount of money that consumers are spending in your mall for every minute they are there saying there's like a one-to-one ratio, I am curious if you've done any work to think about spending of millennials and teens versus say their parents to sort of further dig into whether the impact of the internet and technology is going to be a growing problem just from a generational perspective?
David Simon: I don't have in front of me but yes we've looked at, you know the typical generational gaps, that you would see Baby Boomers Generation X and so on, yes I don't have that in front of me but those numbers are-- it's not it's not what you think it. I mean in other words, there was not a big differential between Generation X and millennials. The one thing we're starting to see is the Baby Boomers probably more of a trend on their decreased expenditures than anything else. Again, I think the millennials offer great opportunity for us because they're looking for, they are generally going through their increased income opportunity over the next decade. It's a huge population base, greater than even the Baby Boomers. These folks will get married. They will have children. They will move out of urban environments, especially with, the more difficult living conditions that's going on a lot of urban environments. They are, we believe loyal mall shopping consumers. And we're making the mall generally a better experience for them to be at. So I don't think there's a big differential. I don't have the numbers in front of me. It did grew up in the mall environment. They're comfortable with the mall environment. And as their income grows and as they aged and have kids, I think they'll be loyal mall shoppers, especially given the environment we're creating.
Ross Nussbaum: I appreciate that. I think Jeremy has got a question as well.
David Simon: Sure.
Jeremy Metz: Just two quick ones. In terms of the lease cancellation income, it was the high suspend long time. David, earlier you mentioned Jones. I was just wondering if there is any other tenants in particular to maybe drove, I think Forever 21 was in a few supersized locations. They were looking to downsize, not sure if they were a part of it this quarter?
David Simon: No Forever 21. Its basically, the big one was Jones. There were couple of others that year to date that we dealt with but I hate going through retail. Retailers on that it's somewhat confidential. The good news is lease settlement income does have been slow, the good news is that it's not any time we do that we still have this space. So if I get three years of rent and then I get the chance to lease the space back again, I mean thats a good business, there is nothing wrong with that and to put the earnings in perspective I mean may not have caught the original response to the earlier question, net-net when I look at the stronger dollar from our foreign investments versus the increase in a lease settlement income from 14 to 15. I'm in the whole $0.05 year to date. So please keep that mind as you think about our business.
Jeremy Metz: And then just switching gears quickly, Highwoods recently announced they were looking to sell Country Club Plaza. I was just wondering is that something Simon would be interested in or any thoughts on where that process is at?
David Simon: I understand that there is a process. I think it's a good real estate. It's got a good position and it's marketplace. But beyond that I am not informed in terms of numbers or anything else or profit but I understand there's a process and it's always been very good real estate, good market.
Jeremy Metz: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning. Just may be sticking with leasing, I'm just curious, David, do you think the increase in lease settlement income you are getting foreshadows potentially more space coming back to you guys after the holiday season through bankruptcy?
David Simon: I actually think its tailing down. As I look at what generated the list its a couple of odd things and our watch-list is actually the guys that we were worried about is kind of happened and done that. So it's out there it's possible but I actually think next year it will be less, it will be less impacted by bankruptcies than we were this year.
Jeff Donnelly: Okay and switching gears, I'm just curious for your take is Macerich has taken to joint venturing some assets at a low to mid four cap rate that we've been told are fairly middle of the pack for them. Does that pricing in the market maybe lead you to feel there might be pockets of your portfolio where you are open to JVs or even selling out of some assets entirely to expand your repurchase initiatives?
David Simon: I dont really, I want to rephrase it. I only want to comment on what may switch did so.
Jeff Donnelly: I'm just curious as a comp for transactions in the market, does something in the 4s compel you to say, gee, maybe you'd look at selling your assets to fuel repurchases?
David Simon: I don't know. I mean the fact to the matter is where we are very comfortable with what we're doing. We sell our assets, there generally is complexity when you go to joint ventures. We like to do joint ventures when there's new opportunities because there is, it's easier to justify. So for instance, just to take a few with that, we're pleased to be part of a new joint ventures on a couple of the new developments, like Brickell and Clearfork, very good partners. Great real estate. That was the only way we could do that. I like those kind of joint ventures where it's more new opportunity than otherwise we sell assets, we sold a bunch of assets, don't forget we did a significant spin off of our strip centers in our smaller malls. I don't I don't rule it out. I don't think we necessarily, it's not our priority to do. The priority for us is to grow our innings, grow our dividend, execute our redevelopment development pipeline. And we have the buyback and I don't think we necessarily need the capital from existing properties in terms of a joint venture that execute on the buyback.
Jeff Donnelly: Speaking of JVs, I guess you teamed up with Hudson Bay to acquire, was it Galeria Kaufhof Stores? What can you tell us about those properties and just maybe what are your plans of those locations down the road?
David Simon: Well, it's great. Mostly city center real estate in Germany, which is a very strong market, very little retail space per capita as compared to the U.S. as an example. It's got built in growth even if it just stays kind of the credit lease that it is but we think there is some ability to redevelop some of the stores take back some of the front edge, much like we are doing with some of the department stores here in the U.S. And it's a strong cash flow business appropriately valued with some redevelopment upside.
Operator: Thank you for your question. We do have another question and it comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Just going back to your retailer watch list comments, last year when we had RadioShack, Wet Seal and Deb Shops and Delia's and some others, how early did you have a read into that they would go BK overall?
David Simon: Those particular ones?
Ki Bin Kim: In general. I was just curious how much of an early warning sign does the watch list provide to you?
David Simon: Pretty early.
Richard Sokolov: We certainly can see this coming a long way away based on the trends of what their leasing activity is or sales activity, when they probably reported they are looking for new equity, so none of these are surprises but as David said the ones that want to away, they had been on the ropes for years and years and they just ultimately ran out of the incremental equity sources and out of file.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Maybe if you could put it in an easily digestible number. You mentioned 1.3 million square feet that was impacted this year. In broad numbers, what does that look like next year?
Richard Sokolov: Its hard to predict what next year is going to be but as David said we anticipate that the next year will certainly not be as large year on bankruptcies as we had this year.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vincent Chao: I know we spent quite a bit of time on the impact of the dollar and tourism sales, but just curious if you could maybe give some more specific color about Miami and then specifically Brickell Center.
David Simon: Well, Miami is feeling some of the heat from obviously Latin America but actually the leasings at Brickell.
Richard Sokolov: Brickell is doing very well. It's opening fall of next year. We've been announcing periodically the tenants that are starting up with the wonderful mix of designer tenants and restaurants and it is anchored by Saks with the Cinema. And if you have been down there, it's a very incredible project with two condo towers, the East Hotel and two office buildings in addition to the retail in a market that is really the financial center of that market. So we're very excited about it going forward.
Vincent Chao: Okay, so safe to say no impact on demand despite some of the maybe tourism impacts in the near-term, so similar to your comments for the other overall.
David Simon: I think what I said earlier is consistent with that retailers. Now look, that's going to attract the better long term thinking retailers. So the fact that tourism is a little soft right now; doesn't detract the better retailer. When I say better, I'm not just talking mix, but just they're better retailers. So I was just trying to explain to you, what's been reported in our sales per square foot but I also made the comment to you, I don't think that is going to detract from the demand of our real estate and our ability to drive comp NOI because we're going after the better retailers. And the better retailers will work through a quarter or two of sales volatility for whatever reason. And that's the point I've been trying to make to a lot of folks a lot of time over retail sales. Retail sales is interesting, but not a predictor comp NOI growth and we've done all sorts of regression analysis. I've talked about this ad nauseam, but we report the facts for you to have, but it doesn't detract from the ability to generate increased cash flow, because that's more supply and demand oriented and what the market rent of our space rolling over is, and what that particular location is, and we got a good space and a good mall, you're going to be there to generate, given that rent will lower, that rent has been there for seven years. You go look at where that rent was rolling over seven years ago. So and that's why we are re-leasing spreads of 11 bucks a foot. That's the focus. The volatility of retail sales is more interesting from a retailer point of view less from the landlord. So, take New York City street retail. There is volatility in that retail sales there but has the market value of that real estate changed. Probably if you talk to a lot of people, they would probably tell you, no. 
Operator: We have another question from the line of Mike Muller from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: A couple of questions here. One, you may have indirectly answered before but what was your share of the lease term that you booked this quarter?
David Simon: Its in our supplemental.
Michael Mueller: The share of it is because I thought that was the consolidated amount?
David Simon: Well, if it is consolidated, that's our share. We may have a little minority interest in that. But if it is consolidated, it's our share, right?
Michael Mueller: And then secondly on the outlet development side, can you talk a little bit about the returns you are seeing when you compare Europe starts to US to Asia and how you think about the pecking order of opportunities?
David Simon: I would say that the due development in Europe tends to be a little lower than -- our developments here around a 11% return on cost generally. In Europe they may be a touch lower, say 8 or 9 to start with. And in Asia we really dont do unless they are double digits because you got tax impact and we want a better risk adjusted return. I would say they are probably around the 12% or 13% range.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. And I guess as you are thinking about opportunities going forward, is it more skewed towards the US for new starts at this point or do you think you're going to see a little bit more pickup in Europe?
David Simon: Europe, like I said, we're really excited on the Provence deal, 90% of it's -- it's a big project and a big market that hasnt seen a quality outlet like that. So that's good news. There are two or three others through McArthurGlen that were making good progress, and one in Spain that we hope to start construction in '16, as we go through the permitting. So that's up there as well. Another one in the western part of Paris that we are making good progress on, other one in Belgium where we are making good progress on. And in Asia, we've got two or three others that are a little more difficult to predict but we've got our second one in Malaysia that were confident that we will get started as well as Mexico. In Mexico we expect to start one next year as well. So we're making progress.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Carol Kemple from Hilliard Lyons. Please go ahead.
Carol Kemple: How does your volume of temporary and pop-up tenants for this holiday season compare to the recent past? And then historically do you know what rate of those tenants convert to a longer-term lease once their temporary lease expires?
David Simon: The pop-up, generally, they dont convert -- the main pop-ups to decide whether they want to do a longer term deal. But I would say, generally there is an increase this year, primarily because we have a little bit more space from the bankruptcies that we've had this year. But Carol, just to remind you, we dont include that in our occupancy. It's got to be a year in that, but there will be more activity in pop-up stores for the season just because now we have got a little bit more vacancy due to some of the bankruptcies.
Carol Kemple: And I was thinking of your American Girl Store that's open in Castleton, I've seen where they are basically doing that to test the Indianapolis market. Are you seeing more retailers not just doing a pop-up store for the season but more so to actually test the market?
David Simon: You are starting to see a little bit more of that. I think that's safe to say.
Operator: We do have another question that comes from the line of Ryan Peterson from Sandler O'Neill, please go ahead.
Ryan Peterson: I just wanted to ask about the Houston Galleria and the Houston market and if you guys have seen any change in the shopper demographics there or the retail sales trends more generally and what your expectations are going forward?
David Simon: In what sense?
Ryan Peterson: Just whether you think that Houston will be hit, whether retail is kind of the second impact of oil prices there?
David Simon: Our Galleria is such a great asset. It tends to -- it's kind of the unambiguous number one. For market of that size, it's kind of unambiguous number one shopping center. So it tends to whether any economic downturn generally, but I will say this. Our retailers are not immune to a little bit of a down economy and Houston is also a big tourist market for the Mexican nationals. So there might be some slight sales, retail sales impact. But it will have no impact to the long term great asset that Houston Galleria is as well as we're doing a significant amount of transformation of that asset with the new Saks store, the new Saks Wing, the new Webster's which is going to open in the next thirty days or so. We have a lot of phenomenal stuff going on there, but sure because retail sales be marginally impacted there. Sure, but Houston Galleria tends to continue to way outperform just because it's such a great asset. Rick I don't know if you want to add anything.
Richard Sokolov: I think it is very well positioned and as David said, it's got the unique mix of anchors, restaurants and small shops in that market and it's been very enduring over cycles in the energy belt for decades. And if anything, well I think Houston generally has become less of a -- I would certainly say twenty plus years ago, was more boom bust. But with the medical, it's with the universities, the medical facilities there, it's much more diversified economy than just oil and gas.
Operator: We do have another question that comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Steve Sakwa: Just two quick questions. I know you've talked a bit about the weakness in the US and all that business. But just what about stuff north of the border, south of the border? Just how kind of are the international assets performing?
David Simon: I'm sorry I didn't hear your first part.
Steve Sakwa: Sorry, is that better?
David Simon: Yes that's better thanks.
Steve Sakwa: I know you've talked about the weakness in the tourism markets for the outlet business here in the US. I'm just curious how the assets in Canada, Mexico, over in Japan, the few that you have over in Europe, how are the non-US ones performing from a sales and leasing Perspective?
David Simon: Again I don't want to overreact. I mean there is a little bit of softness due to the strong dollar U.S. tourism. You're seeing that in all sorts of businesses, hotel business whatever, maybe we are dealing with it. But the fact is the international properties are actually performing very-very well. Europe retail sales is actually relatively impressive, in the Klepierre portfolio, the outlet sales that we have with McArthurGlen are very impressive. Japan, you see that's in our 8-K. They are very impressive, up about 7%. Korea, a little bit soft, I think the only market that's a little soft is Korea, a little bit because they are not the stars, but whatever the last version was. Mars whatever and the Chinese consumer they're probably going a little bit less to Korea for the time being. But I would say Mexico sales are, we've go one asset. Canada is great. Toronto is terrific. Montreal is finding its market increasing. So generally those centers are very-very, we've been very pleased with those results.
Steve Sakwa: And I guess the second question, you sort of briefly touched on Klepierre. I didn't really hear much on the call but just how has the integration gone? If you had to kind of rank on a scale of 1 to 10 of just all the things you want to do, where are you guys in the process of transforming the combined company? 
David Simon: You mean with respect to Corio?
Steve Sakwa: Yes Klepierre Corio and just kind of overall business [multiple speakers].
David Simon: I just want to -- look, they brought Corio, we dont know and then so we are not integrating with them. I just wanted to distinguish. I would say, look, they've gone, over the three years we've owned it, they have done a lot of transformation, selling a bunch of stuff, buying a bunch of stuff. That's pretty much packed them. The big focus next year is really operationally which they through osmosis or improving their capabilities of doing that, and that's been the big focus, I'd say in '16. Now that the integration with Corio was pretty much done. The sale of the big Carrefour portfolio was done and so I think it's going to be an operational story. But we are not operating the business, we're providing strategic input and I think they've done a very good job of gleaming whatever nuggets of strategy we are able to impart and ignoring the ones that have no value. What, sometimes we dont have the right strategy. So they are doing a good job. But I think operationally there is, I would say they are the first to admit, they can continue to improve just like we can. And I think that's a big focus for them in the upcoming years. But we are not integrating. I they are running their business.
Steve Sakwa: No-no, I understand that. I'm just saying sitting as Chairman you kind of can sit at the top and look at what they are executing strategically and just trying to figure out how much of the playbook has been done and how much is left to do?
David Simon: Well, there is always a gap in terms of how we might do things versus how they do things there. I still think there is room where they could be operationally better and that will take longer for them to achieve, but I am confident that they will get better. And we will help out as much as we can. They are pretty good and they are doing a good job.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of DJ Busch from Green Street Advisors , please go ahead.
DJ Busch: Just a quick follow-up on the Hudson Bay partnership. Is the opportunity set to do deals like a Kaufhof greater abroad versus here in the States? I guess how do you see that investment growing from a geographic perspective?
David Simon: I do think perhaps the international business may offer a few more opportunities, but they are very creative folks along with our resources dedicated to it, so I wouldnt rule out domestic opportunities but I would say maybe marginally more opportunities internationally than here. But I wouldnt rule out domestic opportunities as well.
DJ Busch: And then is the joint venture open to kind of retail leaseback opportunities outside of the traditional department stores as well?
David Simon: Yes.
DJ Busch: Okay. And not to belabor the point on international, the softness in international tourism, but the mills operating metrics were pretty impressive again. I think those are obviously greatly influenced by Sawgrass. Is that similar to your comments on the Galleria? Is Sawgrass one of those assets that kind of bucks the trend?
David Simon: Yes. But we did feel a little bit of softness there as well. So all of these asset is about to trend, but they might have again the retail sales, not the cash flow may have some short term impact. But Sawgrass had a little bit of softness as well. It is not immune.
Operator: Thank you for that. We have no further questions at this time. So I would like to turn the call over to David Simon, Chief Executive Officer for closing remarks.
David Simon: Thank you so much and we will talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Ward - Vice President, Investor Relations David Simon - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Sokolov - President and Chief Operating Officer Andrew Juster - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Steven Broadwater - Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Ross Nussbaum - UBS Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Paul Morgan - Canaccord Genuity Jeffery Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI DJ Busch - Green Street Advisors Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Hello everyone and welcome to the Second Quarter 2015 Simon Property Group Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to the Vice President Investor of Relations, Tom Ward.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that maybe accurate only as of todays date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, Im pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good morning. We had a productive quarter we completed several significant redevelopment projects, started construction on others, announced even more that will further enhance the value of our real estate. We identified additional avenues for growth through our two new retail partner joint ventures. And most importantly, we continue to produce strong operating and financial performance. Results in the quarter were highlighted by FFO of $2.63 per share, which included a $0.22 gain on a sale of marketable securities. Excluding the investment gain, FFO per share was $2.41, which exceeded First Call consensus again by $0.06. These results were achieved even with the negative impact of $0.04 for the quarter compared to the prior year quarter due to a strong dollar against the Euro and Yen. On a comparable basis excluding the contribution from WP properties in the prior year period and again the investment gain, our FFO per diluted share increased 14.2% or over $0.30 year-over-year. Occupancy was 96.1%, leasing activity remains healthy. We recorded spreads of $10.87 an increase of 18.4%. Comp NOI for the quarter increase 3.6%, which was coming of a 5.6% comp increase in the second quarter of 2014 and for those of you that are interested, we do not include lease settlement income in our comp NOI or new deals such as Jersey Gardens or our recent joint venture activity and we also do not include the impact of recently developed or expanded centers. And finally, we continue to produce strong comp NOI increases year after year as well as continue to operate at the highest margins in our industry. Total sales across the portfolio will increase 2.2% for the trailing 12 months even with the loss of bankrupt tenants. On a comparable basis, the sales per square foot increase for the 12 months ending June 30 was 4.2%. And as a reminder our sales per square foot metric is not adjusted to remove any tenants who have vacated their spaces and includes tenant sales activity for all months a tenant is open during the trailing 12-month period. Redevelopment is ongoing to 28 properties across all three platforms for total spend of $1.7 billion. We opened significant expansion activities at Las Vegas North and Shisui Premium Outlets in Japan started construction on several new and strategic projects during the quarter. Construction continues on some iconic properties including Roosevelt Field, The Galleria in Houston, Stanford Shopping Center, King of Prussia, Del Amo, and our premium outlets are expanding in Chicago, San Francisco and Woodbury. This is my opportunity to develop my list, as opposed to Rick's. Our Chicago and San Francisco outlets open  expansion open in August and the rest of those kind of expanding of those iconic centers open in the next 12 months. We also announced plans for further expansions in Sawgrass, The Mills at Jersey Gardens, La Plaza Mall, and the shops at Riverside. And we expect our redevelopment investment to be at least to $1 billion annually through 2017 substantially funded with our annual free cash flow, which will continue to contribute incremental growth in our NOI and reinforce the positions of those assets in the respective marketplaces. Now, lets turn to new development, construction. It continues on three new outlets all in very major markets and they are scheduled to open in the next three months. Gloucester in Southern Jersey in Philadelphia in fact opens in two weeks, August 13. Tampa and Tucson open in October. And finally we opened Vancouver on July 9, with traffic that exceeded expectations. Construction continued or in fact started in Columbus with our partner Tanger, and we are slated to begin construction in one new domestic premium outlet, which will be announced for year-end. We also started construction at the shops at Clearfork, our new full-price development in Fort Worth anchored by Neiman Marcus which will open in early 2017 and we are pleased to partner with Swire and the Whitman family on the retail component of Brickell City Centre, which will open in the fall of 2016. We own 25% of its project and will manage this center upon completion. Klpierre continues to progress according to plan. Their integration of Corio is proceeding well, they continue to recycle their assets and in fact announced a deal to sell a portfolio of Netherlands assets for 770 million, and which will continue to delever their company. We also purchased 2% of Klpierre from the BNP offering. Were now over 20 point  were at 20.3%. We purchased those and the stock is obviously trading higher than where we purchase that additional 2%. Balance sheet activity continues strong, we did several secured financings in the quarter, continue to lower our borrowing cost, increased our debt maturity. Our liquidity is $5.5 billion. Our industry-leading balance sheet continues to get reinforced and separates us from our peer group. Our unencumbered cash flow is well over $2.5 billion as Andy shakes his head affirmatively. And finally on the balance sheet we, as you know, announced our $2 billion share repurchase we in fact in the quarter bought $505 million during the quarter of both common and units which is disclosed. Now the dividend and lets not lose side of the dividend. We have announced yet another increase sequentially at 3% through $1.55 and the year-over-year increase of 19%. We will pay at least $6 in 2015, which is an increase of at least 17% from 2014 and well above where we were in the great recession at the height of $3.60 in 2008. So finally guidance has been increased again up to $10.02 to $10.07. And we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: Our first question will be coming from the line of Ross Nussbaum. Your line is open.
Ross Nussbaum: Hey, thanks. Good morning guys. Here with Jeremy Metz. Hey, David with the repurchase from the OP unitholders, who were the sellers of those units? Did you approach them? Did they approach you? How did that work?
David Simon: A little bit of both, it was associated with the prime transaction loss that we completed in 2010 and they were the sellers.
Ross Nussbaum: Okay, so no members of the Simon family sold
David Simon: That's correct.
Ross Nussbaum: Okay. Okay, and then on the buyback as well, how should we think about it from a balance sheet perspective? If I look at your funding needs against your after-dividend free cash flow, my math is basically you can fund your entire development program with, call it $1 billion of free cash flow a year. So if you continue to buyback stock at this rate, obviously, the leverage of the company would tick higher. So how should we all think about continued buyback versus balance sheet?
David Simon: Well, its a very good question. I think the first  we want that in our arsenal. We are sensitive to  its part of our capital allocation strategy. I think you should look at this first step is a trade from one, from our other marketable securities that we had held with no reason to hold those we basically took that capital and reinvested in our business as we wanted to signal the market that we believe and the continual growth of our enterprise. I think it should also signal, we are out of the big deal business. So I think no ones picked that up, but we don't see any big deals on the horizon for us. So we are obviously very focused on the development, redevelopment as you know I mean I stumble Im not a very good reader of a text, but you look at our activity in the redevelopment and new development its astronomical, its industry-leading lots of great stuff going on and I think that's the way to look at it. We are price-sensitive, we wanted there. REIT stocks have been very volatile, but I think if the signal that we took one investment and reinforced that were out of the big deal business. That's not to say we might find a deal here or there, but the balance sheet is sacrosanct to us, we haven't worked 22 years to do it, we survived the last great recession with flying colors, we quadrupled our dividend and earning per share and all the other stuff that I wont go through it all, but I think it's a more of a signal and the belief in our business and also signal the market that were out of the big deal business.
Operator: Our next question will be coming from the line of Michael Bilerman. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Great. Hey, David, good morning. Just continuing in terms of the buyback, you talk about your business and having confidence in your business. You didn't talk a little bit about discount to NAV and the arbitrage that exists between public and private. I take your comment exactly in terms of flipping out of Macerich that $450 million, putting it into your own stock, which I think has great prospects. But would you think about accelerating or selling interest in any assets to go further into your stock and narrow that discount that exists between public and private?
David Simon: Well, look, I think the reason - it's more than just NAV. Its what your enterprise can do in terms of growing your earnings and cash flow, and then ultimately increasing your dividend. I mean as you know I mean, if you strip out the gain in that WPR, our quarter-over-quarter growth was 14.3% which as you know, a lot of people have criticized our size yet we continue to be industry-leading earnings growth. So youve got to look at, whenever you invest in something, what's that yield going to get you? And as our earnings grows you know thats not a bad investment. So its more than just the NAV analysis. We also - we will continue to sell what I call lower quality non-important assets to us. We don't publicize it until after it's done, but well continue to prune the portfolio. But were not a big believer in selling our top assets to reinforce the value of our company for external purposes I mean we know what were worth and we operate - I mean, thats why we are in this job. Well operate accordingly. But selling the top assets at the end of the day those top assets tend to grow the most. And I'd rather have our shareholders own more of it than less of it. We have the free cash flow to take advantage of the arb that may exist between private and public values, and its just another tool that we have available to us to take advantage as we look for investment opportunities.
Michael Bilerman: Great. Just one quick one for Rick. The popular press wants to focus a lot on shrinking retailers and closing stores. Can you just give us an update in terms of who are the fastest-growing retailers, the most exciting retailers that you're seeing pick up stores? And maybe just break it up between a larger format and a smaller format store base.
Richard Sokolov: Well, thank you for the opportunity to talk about my list. I think theres four categories of retailers that were really seeing a lot of business with. International retailers, the e-tailers that are looking for a presence in our properties. We recently just announced and have opened Blue Nile and Bauble Bar, and were working with a number of others that want to come into the properties. Our existing retailers that are looking to grow through brand extension. Maybe you just saw Dicks announce the Chelsea Collective this fall. L Brands is rolling out White Barn Candle. And the last are just the new retailers that are coming online and just to - weve done deals recently with Mont Blanc, Frye Boots, Jo Malone's, Suitsupply, [Aritskina]. All of these are really exciting concepts that are relatively unique in the number of stores, and thats going to separate our properties.
Michael Bilerman: Great thank you.
David Simon: And I would just say this, Michael, whats exciting  yes, we have had bankruptcies this year, it does take time to replace them. But the amount of new concepts and new entrepreneurs coming into our environment, whether its restaurants, the e-commerce going to physical brand expansion is really at a  is that high and our leasing folks. If you seen what were going to do at Roosevelt Field with some of the new food operators as well as some of the e-commerce with physical, I mean its good stuff. So I mean in that sense its comforting to see that there is whole host of new entrepreneurs they want to be in our own environments.
Michael Bilerman: Yes, thanks.
David Simon: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Morgan. Your line is open.
Paul Morgan: Hi, good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Paul Morgan: You talked about how your same-store numbers don't include your redevelopments. I'm just wondering. At this point right now it seems like you have a very large share of some of your top centers in redevelopments. Is that a drag, having that excluded, given the strength of some of those?
David Simon: First of all, we dont consider to drag, you have to put comp numbers in a  Paul you have to put comp numbers in a historical perspective. And you cant look it one quarter over quarter, youve got to look at it over three to five-year period upon. And if you look at our comp NOI increases over that three to five-year period of time, there clearly you would conclude that we have significant outperformance. And I don't look as much as everyone wants to focus on a quarter here and quarter there. I want to reinforce we do have the highest operating margins in the business. We also have the lowest overhead in terms of however you want do it enterprise value  percent of EBITDA, percent of revenues in the business. And thats why we have the best balance sheet in the business and thats why were able to grow our dividend 15% to 20% a year. So again certainly there are  yes, were remerchandising Houston Galleria, and Copley, and Stanford, and Roosevelt Field, and King of Prussia and were moving tenants left and right. We encourage everybody to go see the properties and yes, from a quarter perspective it's going to  it's not going to impress some, but Ill tell you what were doing Im really impressed with internally. But I would encourage you and others to look at comp NOI over a more of an extended period of times than comp quarter-to-quarter.
Paul Morgan: So I mean if I do that
David Simon: But again long story short, yes, we are having some impact on all the remerchandising going on in our portfolio.
Paul Morgan: So I mean if I take that longer view and look back over the past, say, two or three years in your numbers, is there any reason to think as I look forward two or three years that you wouldn't be able to do kind of the same type of numbers, I guess deeper into the economic cycle?
David Simon: Well, listen history is a good indicator of what you might be able to do in the future, but we would hope that all the stuff that were doing will accelerate the growth profile of those assets. We have to execute, believe me, we are not out of the execution phase, but I would think Paul at the end of the day that these assets are going to grow very, very nicely and well increase our comp NOI growth and meet our historical growth. Now the fact is were subject to economic cycles, were subject to tenants going bankrupt, we are subject to downtime, were subject to sales of our retailers, volatility. So we don't control everything, but weve had a pretty good track record. I would hope that would continue, but it's not you dont follow-up a lot for this stuff. You got to do it each and everyday and our team was pretty good at it.
Paul Morgan: Thanks. And then just my follow-up on the Sears joint venture. How far you into the process of going through and saying: well, here's what we're going to do near-term, here wed like to do longer-term. And kind of how  the size of the potential redevelopment and the timing and when we might get some of those details?
Richard Sokolov: Hi, its Rick. We are very far along in that process, weve already had multiple meetings with Seritage. We have developed, redevelopment plans for each of the assets they are in the process right now of being priced and as they become mature, we will announce them and proceed forward, but they include the addition of specialty stores, mall expansion, adding restaurants, adding boxes and appropriately sizing Sears. Bear in mind in our venture its almost 850,000 square feet of additional space if you are going to be able to redeploy along with those TBA auto centers. So its a great opportunity and we are well into it.
Paul Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector.
Jeffrey Spector: I just wanted to focus a little bit more on the redevelopment pipeline. David, I believe you said that $1 billion through 2017, and I know it's been going on for a number of years now. I mean what are your thoughts I guess at this point beyond 2017? Is that  by 2017 you are really at this point touching those top-producing assets? Or do you think you can expand that program beyond?
David Simon: Well, I think as Rick mentioned I mean I do think Sears gives us whole host additional redevelopment opportunities. We are closer and closer to starting  in fact we are actually starting the Southwest Corridor and Copley, which is not in those numbers yet. We are absent something really out of the expected, we are going to start Copley very, very shortly, we've got fail safes in that investment, but we are moving with speed to deliver that, we think that's great Sears presents a lot of opportunities. We've got outlets that we've done the big ones, were doing a bunch of small ones that we need to look at. Rick, you want to add to it.
Richard Sokolov: I would also tell you, weve already announced the expansion in Jersey Gardens thats going to be a major redevelopment, we have announced the expansion of Sawgrass. Right now we're finalizing an expansion of Colonnade, redeveloping the Oasis. And I can tell we are continuing the mine this portfolio and I believe well have a continuing series of pretty substantial value add opportunities across all three of our platforms.
Jeffrey Spector: Okay, thanks. And then one of the other focuses that Craig and I have been paying attention to, of course, on the technology front, the winners in the Simon Launch and in particular the SKU IQ. So from where we sit I guess it's just been hard over the last year to really keep track of exactly what's going on here on these different initiatives. Can you discuss either the winners or SKU IQ in particular and where you think this may go?
David Simon: Yes, look I don't get mad at me Jeff, but I believe we are happy to do  I think we are close to putting together with Skyler and Michael and investor, I dont know what you call them investor, not roadshow but investor meeting to kind of layout all the investment we made and maybe with not exactly you maybe with somebody else, but well-respected peer of yours and well lay it out for the investment community all that different investments we've made and why. So I think were shooting for sometime in October but there's a lot of neat stuff here. These are little - in the scheme of things, little investments, but they run from creating energy efficiency with all of our LED lighting to helping retailers to actually new e-commerce ideas that may go to the mall. So its a lot of different categories, different levels of investment, in the kind of the A, B, C rounds. Were happy to share that data. Its a lot, though, to do it on a call like this. But we will be sharing a lot of that stuff with our investors.
Jeffrey Spector: Okay, thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. A quick follow-up first. Have you bought any more shares post the quarter end?
David Simon: We operated - if you are familiar, you have to operate under a 10(b) 15 rule once your quarter is completed. We gave guidelines because you can't be in the market during that period of time and the guidelines that we gave to the broker were not met. So the answer is we have not purchased any further.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. The second question, is there any incremental change in trends you're noticing in the outlet business? Maybe not the premium, at more infill outlets, but maybe more secondary, where maybe the pricing gap between full-line mall retailers and outlet businesses or retailers are maybe narrowing? You've seen like T.J. Maxx and Ross doing better. Have the secondary type of outlets - do you notice any less importance or less traffic or any kind of incremental trends?
David Simon: Not really, I mean I think not really at all. I mean I think our outlet retailers are very focused on finding the right balance between full price in outlet thats why they are very focused on not overexposing the brand. There have been certain retailers that have had disappointing sales both in full price and in outlet. Outlets no different than full price in that if a retailer is not hitting it, it will affect their sales in full-price and in outlet. But no trend in that at all. We have outlets in Cincinnati, Columbus, Indiana, St. Louis, that are all doing just fine. They are affected by retailers that may not be doing as well as they were a year ago, but that's similar to the full price small business as well.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning out there.
David Simon: Good morning.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, how are you? Just a few questions here David, first just going back to the dividend and stock buyback, certainly as you guys outlined where you want put your money, redevelopment and development seems to be the first and foremost. And then when you move down from there, once you've solved for paying out appropriate with the taxable income, it sounds like your bias is still towards increasing the dividend versus buyback. So I just want to see if thats the proper interpretation from your comments or if you are thinking that any excess cash may now go more towards buyback versus the strong dividend growth.
David Simon: Well, the dividend - listen, this sounds weird, but we're highly profitable, right? So as our earnings increase you know our taxable income increases and therefore our dividend increases. Very simple thats the REIT model. Were great believers in the REIT model thats why we are all here. And so our dividend is going to increase. There is just no two ways about it, because we have created a very nice earnings machines as long as we dont make mistakes about where we invest capital, well be in good shape. So I always like increasing the dividend more than stock buybacks, we had this unusual situation where we basically took one investment and felt the most immediate interesting return would be buying our stock back. I think having the flexibility to buy it in a volatile market, when there is a big disconnect is what will be focused on. But I would continue to expect knock on wood that our earnings continue to move up, were going to be focused on increasing our dividend. And its under appreciated in the REIT sector, but if you look at our dividend yield compared to our peer group and you look at our dividend growth in the expectations of a higher dividend growth. We look like a cheap stock, so I mean do what you want with that. I guess I dont know.
Alexander Goldfarb: Well, which as an analyst we can't do anything with it because we can't own it. But obviously it's good to cash dividend checks. Moving over to Europe, you guys announced the JV with HBC in Germany, and it involves a lot of High Street retail. In the U.S. you've shied away from doing High Street retail. You've stuck to the malls and outlets. So just sort of curious, do you have a different view with High Street retail in Europe that you don't share in U.S. or its really again just a pure credit play in focusing on retailers, and you're not trying to do something as far as potential to get at High Street retail in Europe.
David Simon: Look I think the market in the U.S. with respect to High Street retail is sophisticated expenses, there are lot of guys that have been added for a long-time. We think Europe is a little bit different in that maybe there is more opportunity for us to do that just like the opportunity that we saw with Klpierre at the outset a few years ago. So thats not to say the HBC thing is a little bit of credit play, it's a little bit accretive to grow vehicle, its betting on. I think extremely talented CEO and team in HBC. These guys are entrepreneurs, they are smart, they are sophisticated, they want to grow their business. We are happy and pleased to be their partner and I think that entity ultimately will look to create a broader portfolio. High Street Europe is a little more interesting maybe from evaluation point of view. U.S. is a little more pricey, got a lot more sophisticated players, but well see how it evolves, but we are making I think a good bet where weve got very strong partner, strong assets, strong credit and between the two of us that have the nose and instinct for good deals we should find some opportunities.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, thats helpful. Listen, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Chao.
Vincent Chao: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just want to go back to the Sears JV. Just curious in the context of investment opportunities, there's a lot of chatter about different retailers doing something with their real estate. Just curious if you are having more conversations with others on structures like the Sears or the HBC deals that you have.
David Simon: Well, I think there's got to be more than just marking or financing retailers real estate. So for instance I can just contrast  the reason we did Sears is because partnered with them is because its all about redeveloping over time those boxes. Sears store of the future may be part of it, they may not be, but thats basically a redevelopment play. HBC that contrast it was, yes, they got a mark out with real estate, but to me we created  if HBC only wanted to just mark the real estate and do credit we wouldnt have played, we saw an opportunity to bet on a very accomplished entrepreneur great brands and low and behold we did the deal and they are buying the German department store, but we are entering in German real estate in a big way. If it's just marketing real estate or just a credit thats not really exciting for us. So were happy to talk strategically with our retailers about it, but there's got to be more to it than just that. And so I think this world will present opportunities, but there's got to be more than just marketing the real estate whether it's redevelopment or creating a growth vehicle to go do something there's got to be more to it than what is just said.
Vincent Chao: That makes sense. But I guess I would just  it seems like there would be plenty of redevelopment opportunities beyond just Sears, although Sears offers plenty of opportunity in itself, I guess. But maybe just thinking about other areas I mean can you just comment on the McArthurGlen pipeline? I think there's one project that you were expecting to start here this year. But how does the rest of the pipeline look like for potential additional developments there?
David Simon: Sure, there is  in Provence, we are in fact we just bought the land, we are starting construction in September after the growing season, believe it or not, is finished and thats an all systems go deal, we are in the final throes of expand  about to start the expansion in Roermond, which we'll be a partner in with other partners in that project. We have pipeline in Normandy, in Spain with  we are partnering with [Sonali] and we got  we are looking, we are not quite there, but were looking seriously expanding Venice. So I would say it's a very active type in terms of new development and obviously to be able to build starting in September in South of France is very, very exciting, very pleasing.
Vincent Chao: Okay. Just one last, one cleanup question in terms of the guidance. Assuming that does not include any future buybacks, just what's closed already?
Richard Sokolov: Well, Tom and I had this philosophical discussion today. We are a pretty large company, we are going to earn $10 a share this year thereabouts. We have so many ins and outs, were just not a portfolio weve got so many things going on. Thats our best guess, we put it all on the blender, we give it you and its all subject to change quarter-over-quarter. The good news is we hit our numbers, knock on wood. Hopefully we'll continue. We dont isolate one particular thing over another and well see where it shakes out.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carol Kemple.
Carol Kemple: Good morning.
Richard Sokolov: Good morning.
Carol Kemple: At this point with your other department store tenants are you seeing any of them want to right-size space like Sears?
David Simon: Not really, we are constantly in conversations with them and we are doing a number of other potential things involving relocating department stores. For example at Stamford we had a Bloomingdale's that was oversized, we worked with them they built a brand new store, and now were redeveloping the old Bloomingdale's into small shops. Did the same thing with Saks at Houston Galleria. So its a very dynamic process. Were constantly in conversation with them, and were doing a lot of things as a result of that. But there is not another store out there that has the kind of focused, programmatic approach to decreasing their footprint size.
Carol Kemple: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. Just going back to Sears again, what's a rough idea of the dollars that could be invested in those 10 or 11 boxes over time?
Richard Sokolov: I think were going to use that on a project by project basis but obviously as weve articulated, its a substantial opportunity and it would certainly be in a larger amount as opposed to a lesser amount. But it depends on the scope of the individual projects, but that is to come.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. So it sounds like it could be in the couple - in the hundreds of millions of dollars.
Richard Sokolov: Potentially, yes.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Then I guess, how does it work? If you demolish a Sears box and do a major expansion well beyond the footprint, do they participate in that? Or is it just to the scope of the footprint?
Richard Sokolov: Each project is differently. But in the Sears venture, they own a part of the Seritage, our venture owns a parcel of land. So the venture would be focusing its redevelopment efforts on the parcel of land that is owned in the venture. And that would be the extent of the activity in the venture.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. Just quick question on occupancy and the impact of bankruptcies from earlier in the year. I think we were pretty happily surprised to see that your second-quarter occupancy and same-store NOI were actually somewhat stronger than the first quarter. I was just wondering if you could go through some of the progress on re-leasing that space and when you expect to have made up for the lost occupancy and NOI.
David Simon: I will just say our goal we are going to  we still think we will come close to our year end occupancy of last year, but its going to be - its not a no-brainer. It could slip what Id say immaterially, but others may have a different view of that, so I respect that. But were trending up we are making progress, and I think weve got momentum but it takes time. So our goal is still try to get back to last year. But we lost, what Rick?
Richard Sokolov: 940,000
David Simon: Yes, 940,000 feet, so thats a lot of work. So we are little bit on the treadmill, but we're a fit athlete and we're running...
Richard Sokolov: David is speaking for himself.
David Simon: I wish.
Richard Sokolov: I would just add one thing that we are making very good progress going through it and it is an opportunity its hard work it has the short-term impact but the tenants that we are brining in are certainly higher productivity tenants from the sales perspective and so far the rents that weve been able to generate or in excess of the rents that we are being paid by the former tenants that when bankrupt.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Then just also is there anything you could say on the difference you're seeing in re-leasing the space at, say, your trophy properties versus whatever you would call the next tier, and the next tier of your properties?
Richard Sokolov: Look, it's axiomatic that the higher-productivity properties have a broader band of interest, but thats what we do and happily we're also blessed with a portfolio that is predominantly those strong properties.
Caitlin Burrows: Great. Okay, thank you.
David Simon: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next comes from Linda Tsai.
Linda Tsai: Hi. I'm not sure if this is something you could comment on deeply, but when you look at your redevelopment plans for Sears, do you think you're approaching your plans any differently from GGP or Macerich? Or is it relatively straightforward in terms of figuring out what the property is missing and splitting boxes and adding entertainment?
David Simon: Look, I think theyre very  they are both very confident developers, redevelopers. So at the end of the day my guess is its not going to be all that crazily different. But its so much of that dependent upon the location and the local market, but theyre both confident developers. I would probably venture to say it will be similar, but if they are better than us we intend to copy immediately, okay.
Linda Tsai: Then retail is cyclical and while there's been a recent wave of closures you also noted that there's also a lot of entrepreneurial concepts popping up. Do you think there's anything different about the cycle time around as it relates to maybe omnichannel selling or bifurcation amongst brands catering to high-end or low-end consumers?
David Simon: Well, look would you say generally there is obviously the whole movement towards value on one hand and luxury on the other continues. The general  the good news about that is were positioned in both of those barbells extremely well. But thats not to say people lose sight of that, that's not to say the middle American mall isn't doing well. Its part of the community, its ignored from a media point of view, there's assumptions made about those assets, there is extrapolation because one mall went out of business that all malls are going out of business. But I would say to you that the solid middle malls throughout America continue to do well, serve their purpose. But youll clearly see a movement in a lot of retailers from either aspirational higher end goods or value. There is no question about that.
Richard Sokolov: One comment I would make to you on the new retailers we are dealing with is that they are substantially more sophisticated than the crop of new retailers we dealt with say 10 years ago, better financed, much more focused on their niche and its been much easier to deal this new crop of entrepreneurs than might have been the case.
David Simon: Look in today's world well have to be better, well have to be on our game better. So that comes with  okay what industry its  lets say I mean everybody, the rapid changes in the world is putting pressure on every industry, every operator and thats why you got a strong, people, strong assets and strong balance sheet to deal with it all.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Just a couple quick questions. Rick, if you look at kind of the sales and leasing trends, is there anything that you can talk about regionally? Any big differences that you see?
Richard Sokolov: Look, there are a couple of differences across the thing in our business. The Great Lakes, Southeast and Pacific are stronger; mountain and New England were a little weaker. The better categories were home furniture, food, personal care, jewelry, and athletic shoes.
Steve Sakwa: Okay.
David Simon: I mean, I say Steve you clearly  the stronger dollar and the economic upheavals in growing markets, but with wealthy people Brazil, what's going on with China and their focus on obviously Europe with the stronger dollar. I mean it has impacted sales in the high tourist centers and weve got them. I mean there is no question. We've got them in South Florida. We've got them in Orlando. We don't have New York City, we have Woodbury which is been relatively flat and that's usually a center that grows every year I think thats more of all the stuff going on with the center and the tourism, but the tourism centers have had a little softness you see in the hotel industry. So we are not immune to that.
Steve Sakwa: I presume that's not having much of an impact on leasing, just given their long-term nature. Or do you actually think it's impacting leasing at all?
Richard Sokolov: I would say it had no impact on leasing.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then, David, any just update kind of the Copley kind of residential project?
David Simon: Well, I mentioned it briefly earlier which is look were doing the Southwest Corridor. Were finalizing the permit and there which is more administrator. So it is all shaping up to, we start to dig down to support the foundation going up that's all moving should start the Southwest Corridor should start in the next month. So we have certain fail safe, the way that building is being constructed we have fail safes so for instance we are going to do the Southwest Corridor first which is because weve got to create a new entrants to create the way to build. We have to go down into the Turnpike so we have to create new entrance first. Thats happening, thats been approved by us then we go down into the Turnpike then we go up to support this field going up. So we will be making that incremental decision, but once we do the Southwest, we will do that. And then building the podium is where it's really guts poker thats a year decision from now, but all systems are go and we are cranking, we dont see any reason to stop. So we  the kind of nice thing about this is that we can stop looking this for the market a year from now and yes we would have an investment in it, but well always be able to go up. I don't see any reason why we wouldn't go up, but we are certainly going to go down and build our way up to create the platform to build the power.
Steve Sakwa: Okay and then just last question. Anything on Deliv? That kind of system just seems to have taken a backseat. Haven't heard much about it. Any thoughts about that or how it's working or?
David Simon: I would comment on Deliv that Macy's just recently announced that they are expanding the footprint of stores in which Deliv is going to be working with them. So that is certainly a positive sign and we continue to believe that there is a significant role for all of our properties to play in the fulfillment aspect of an omnichannel retail business, and it's moving a pace.
Steve Sakwa: So Rick, do you think its more a function of just consumers not really realizing it exists to kind of get more critical mass?
Richard Sokolov: I think its just the function of getting the systems right, getting the retail so the point were they are ready to fulfill from their store that there is a big systems upgrade its going on right now across the entire industry. And ultimately there is going to be a seamless integrated experience for our consumers and certainly fulfilling from the store to their home has going to be part of that and Deliv can be part of that solution.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from DJ Busch.
DJ Busch: Thank you. Just one quick follow-up on Sears. Given the potential size of the capital spend for some of the Sears projects that you were talking about earlier, if Seritage can't meet its share of the capital requirements, is there an opportunity for you to put up a disproportionate amount of the capital to potentially grow your interest in the joint venture?
David Simon: Well, that have to be a negotiated  that would have to be a negotiated part of the deal, but it seems to me they have got the balance sheet to be able to do that, but Im sure we could figure it out as they didnt.
DJ Busch: But is it correct to assume you guys are controlling kind of the process and the strategies at each of the center?
Richard Sokolov: Were joint venture partners, its both  its approval on both sides. Id say we are taking the lead on coming up with the plans and the redevelopment and the different uses. But they are riding copilot with us.
David Simon: And I would also say to you that we have significant another number of Sears stores that are not in our venture that are in Seritage. And when we meet with Seritage, were actively working with them, as we have done in the past to help them redeploy those phases in a productive way and an example of that is King of Prussia, where Dick's now opened and Primark is opening this fall. And between the two of them they will 100% occupy the former Sears store.
DJ Busch: And just a follow up on that, Rick. With Seritage kind of taking control of the Sears space and the talks of other department stores potentially monetizing the real estate, do you see any difference in the operations? I know it's early, but do you see any potential impact to the way you negotiate or lease or deal with the anchors if the landlord is no longer the retailer?
Richard Sokolov: No.
DJ Busch: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Yes, they dont have the infrastructure to get stuff done like we do. So I don't see the dynamics changing.
DJ Busch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Just a quick follow-up. I know most of the conversations are always circling around upgrading quality and reinvesting in your better assets. But given that you do have some of your walls tied into WPG and the history there, and just because the stock price has gotten cheaper over the past year, is there a certain point where a lower-quality portfolio might look interesting just because it's so cheap? Or should we just basically consider this like a permanent divorce?
David Simon: I don't know even how to interpret your question. We spun off WPG well over a year ago. They are separate independent company, they are focused on the strip center and the B mall business. You can hear that directly from them, we do services for them that ultimately will go away mid next year and their growth opportunities are better discussed with them. I think our focus as you seen over the years, is to buy the bigger assets or assets that we feel we can improve upon, but the primary focus is on our redevelopment or finding different vehicles for growth, whether its Europe, whether its HBC et cetera and continue to grow our business. I said the amount of the big deal business we are not going to buy B assets I think thats better for others to do given whats on our plate, but Im not sure I answered the question, but I tried.
Ki Bin Kim: Yes, you kind of did. I was just basically asking if there's a certain price where something like that would be interesting again?
David Simon: I think that this is better for others to do, but thats not up to me to.
Ki Bin Kim: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Moore.
Rich Moore: Hey, guys. Good morning. My question, David, was kind of on the flip side of that. You have 200 assets. If you rank them all, does it make sense to get rid of 190 through 200? That kind of thing?
David Simon: Well, we are always doing that, we just do it  we dont do it ahead of that so we have a deal thats closing mid-August that was a lot work and we just didnt want to deal with it. We are closed on another deal so we do that all. Rich, I know if you looked at our history sold a bunch of stuff so what we get, well always sell assets, always part of
Rich Moore: Okay, so are you marketing things actively, or is it just sort of an opportunistic? Yes? Okay.
David Simon: Yes. We market. We've marketed - the two that I am referring to were marketed, yes.
Rich Moore: Got it. Okay. Then on the lease term income you guys got this quarter, it was kind of big. I'm curious; I know you can't tell each quarter what's going to happen. But is that something that's going to pick up here you think in the last two quarters of the year? Are there more discussions you're having on this kind of thing?
David Simon: There could be a few deals here or there. But if you look at it year-over-year, year-to-date its not all that different 2014. So its lumpy towards lumpy but I dont think its going to be all that different, Steve right? From
Steven Broadwater: But the same as 2014.
David Simon: Same as 2014 thats the business thats lumpy in terms of quarter-to-quarter it actually relatively consistent year-over-year.
Rich Moore: Okay great. Thanks guys. End of Q&A
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to David for closing remarks.
David Simon: Okay thank you. Have a wonderful last few weeks to summer. Sorry to have ruined your Friday on a summer Friday. Enjoy.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you so much for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. And you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Ward - Vice President, Investor Relations David Simon - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Sokolov - President and Chief Operating Officer Andrew Juster - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Steven Broadwater - Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Michael Bilerman - Citi Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Ross Nussbaum - UBS Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Haendel St Juste - Morgan Stanley Andrew Rosivach - Goldman Sachs Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2015 Simon Property Group Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Whitley, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Mr. Tom Ward, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Tom Ward: Thank you, Whitley. Good morning and welcome to Simon Property Groups first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that maybe accurate only as of todays date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, Im pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Okay. Good morning. We had a strong start to 2015. As you know, we closed on the acquisition of Jersey Gardens and University Park Village, two great properties that we are excited to have in our portfolio. We created two joint ventures with two of our longstanding retail partners, one with Hudson's Bay Company and the other with Sears Holdings which will serve as additional avenues for growth. And of course we continue to produce strong operating and financial performance. As you know, results in the quarter were highlighted by funds from operation of $2.28 per share, exceeding once again the First Call consensus by $0.03. And that was achieved even though we had a decrease of approximately $0.03 for the quarter due to the strong dollar against the euro and the yen. And on a comparable basis excluding the operating results from WPG properties in the prior year period. Our FFO per share increased 6.5% or $0.14 even with the currency devaluation. Let me turn to our operating metrics, cash flow. Occupancy was 95.8%, leasing activity remains strong and healthy. The malls and premium outlets recorded leasing spreads of $11.19 per square foot, an increase of 18.9%. Now lets talk about comp NOI. Comp NOI increased 3.5% in the first quarter of 2015, compared to an increase of 5.3% in the first quarter of 2014. As a reminder, approximately 95% of our domestic property NOI is included in our comp NOI calculation. And very importantly with respect to this quarter, our comp NOI in the first quarter was negatively impacted by about 50 basis points, due to a significant overage retroactive billing within the mills in the first quarter of 2014 and if you remember, we put in the mills in terms of our comp NOI beginning last year. If you wanted to understand our comp NOI on the outlets and the malls its approximately 4%, and right on our budget. Total sales across our portfolio increased 2% in the first quarter, compared to the first quarter of last year and I will also point out there was a recent pitch affirming our A rating. They did a report that I would suggest at the Analytic community review just to put in the back of your mind on our comp NOI growth. We have exceeded our peers by an average of 240 basis points from the period of time of 2005 to 2014. I thought that was interesting reading, in any event lets go to construction. We continue new premium outlets in Gloucester, which will serve the South Jersey in Philadelphia areas and new centers in Tampa and Tucson, as well as our designer outlet in Vancouver. All our great high quality major markets and each is scheduled to open later this year. We are slated to begin construction on as many as three additional domestic premium outlets in 2015, as well as three international outlets in 2015 for a total of six. We are beginning side work shortly at the shops at Clearfork, which as you know is our new full price development in Ft. Worth anchored by Neiman. We plan on opening that in early 2017. Yesterday, we were excited to announce our partnership with Swire and the Whitman family for the retail component of Brickell City Centre, which is anchored by Saks. We look forward to contributing our leasing and management expertise to this signature project, which includes a significant residential component and that will open in the fall of 2016 and on Oyster Bay, which we are renaming Syosset Park. We have began the approval process for what will be a unique mixed use life style center with retail office hotel park for the families of the Oyster Bay area and residential components. Initial feedback on our plan has been positive. We expect the process to go well. On the redevelopment and expansion weve got 24 properties across our three platforms in the U.S. and Asia for a total commitment of $1.8 billion at the end of the first quarter. During the quarter, we completed a 265,000 square foot expansion at Yeoju Premium Outlets in Seoul and recently completed a 136,000 square foot expansion of Shisui Premium Outlets in Tokyo, both off to great starts; and lets not forget construction continues on major re-development expansion projects at some of our most productive malls, all under construction including, but not limited to Roosevelt Field, The Galleria in Houston, Stanford Shopping Center, King of Prussia, Del Amo, and our premium outlets in Woodbury, Las Vegas, and San Francisco, and Chicago, all under construction, all bringing significant amount of new square footage for 2016 and over the next 18 months. Klpierre, we were pleased to have played the key role in Klpierres acquisition of Corio, which became effective at the end of March, creating the leading pure-play retail property company in Continental Europe. We now have a 21 billion portfolio in 16 countries. And to remind the investment community, this was a 7.4 billion M&A transaction. We are pleased to see the rebound in the European shopper. Klpierre will report the results next week and we expect a higher and stronger growth portfolio given the acquisition. Capital markets, we expanded our $2 billion revolving credit facility to $2.75 billion and extended its maturity to 2020. Our current liquidity, including revolvers and cash on hands is over $6 billion. Our industry leading balance sheet continues to differentiate us from our peer group. As you know, we announced a $2 billion share repurchase program. We have not yet repurchased any shares as a result of our trading window blackout due to earnings and the timing of our buyback announcement. And proudly, we are proud to announce yet another dividend increase of $1.50, which is a year-over-year increase of 15% and a 7% increase from the first quarter of 2015. Again, nobody has got our dividend growth. We will pay at least $5.90, an increase of nearly, as I said, 15% from last year. So let me turn to guidance. Weve increased our guidance based on our view of the year, again, from $9.65 to $9.75, again, nobody in our peer group has the kind of growth that we have. And we continue to feel very comfortable, as I mentioned to you, on the comp NOI growth of 4% for the year for malls, Premium Outlets and Mills. And we are ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line Christy McElroy with Citi. Please proceed.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, good morning. Its Michael Bilerman here with Christy.
David Simon: How are you doing?
Michael Bilerman: Great. So, David, I was curious as to how you think about your stake in Macerich at this point. You sort of view it as a $470 million mall, thats given you a 3% yield, you think it is potentially worth $570, or do you sort of view it as worth $470 million, you bought it for $370 million, you have a $100 million and sort of take that money and go home?
David Simon: Well, Michael, frankly, since we were not able to engage with Macerich, even though we tried very hard to, as you know, we put what I felt was a unbelievable hell of an offer on the table and I, obviously, tried very hard to engage. We have been so busy between the Sears and the HBC, finishing Brickell, doing Clearfork, making sure our redevelopment is on time and on budget. The three new deals that we have internationally, I have really not had the luxury of figuring out what Im going to do with that stake. So at this point, I cant really answer your question, but at some point, I will address it in the near future. But we had just been too busy running the business, producing very good strong results, raising the dividend, doing the buyback, doing all the redevelopment, all the new ventures that I havent really sat down and figure out what to do next. Im open to your ideas if you have any though.
Michael Bilerman: Yeah. I dont think I should publicly say that on a call. In terms of Europe and you talked about the Klpierre Corio transaction and being instrumental in that deal, as you think about potentially putting additional to Europe when you originally made the state, the euro was about EUR 1.30, you are under EUR 1.10 today, you obviously have some hedge because you have some euro denominated debt. But I am just curious as you think about potentially taking your stake backup to a 30% level, if thats in the cards and putting capital out given where the euro is and how you sort of think about that.
David Simon: Well, that kind of opportunity is always on the table. I will say that, we are up a EUR 1.4 billion in our investment. Guys, right?
Andrew Juster: Yeah.
David Simon: So thats not too shabby of a trade if I can quote out on Sandler who is one of my heroes. I quoted him last year, not last year but in 2013 annual letter, but all you talk about is Steve Ross letter, he havent mentioned mine but I thought I had a pretty good line in there. I mentioned in our call I think people who site, we did helped engineer a $7.4 billion European merger. That again is not to  dont underestimate the fact and the role that I played  we played in putting together those two companies that was a EUR7.4 billion investment. And as you know that the capital going towards Europe and the timing of that deal I think is going to be very attractive for us in the long run. So I couldnt be more pleased with my investment, but we will just see how that evolves. There were couple other large shareholders, they certainly havent indicated to me anytime that theyre going to  that theyre looking to get out. I think they are very pleased with what those transpired since our involvement over the last three years.
Christy McElroy: Hi, good morning, David. Its Christy here. Youve talked often about your larger regional model re-development and expansion projects, but I am wondering with the new Hudson's Bay and Sears JVs and this may be more or so with the Sears boxes. But is your new control over [indiscernible] boxes unlock any future potential major redevelopment projects in any of your centers or is it too early to tell? And maybe you could just provide some general comments on the future opportunities for investments that could arise from these JV?
David Simon: Well, I think the JV with Sears clearly is all about redeveloping those boxes with Sears potentially as taking some of that space and in some cases maybe not. And as also part of that deal, we bought the Plaza store which is a fantastic mall, does I dont know 750 a day of food. It got a lot of demand. So that also gives us the ability to look at expanding that mall. So the answer, I dont want to put a number on it Christy but I would definitely say that its all about retaining with Sears maybe downsizing their stores and then into Plaza certainly  there is a major expansion in the works there that we are going to move very, very fast on. And that will, the Plaza just is a general scope, will get couple of hundred million bucks at the end of the day. So all of that was part of about  all of that was done in the mind to faster redevelopment for sure.
Christy McElroy: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. This is something related to Christys last question. There seems to be more churning in both the mall, especially in the mall anchor space. I am just wondering from Simons mall portfolio perspective, is that actually an opportunity for you, something you actually would welcome just given your dominant portfolio and opportunities at distance you from your peers?
David Simon: I would say we have  we dont use the word dominant here. We have a very high quality portfolio thats produced outsize comp NOI growth with our peer over and I know we get focused on a quarter here, quarter there, but if you look over any kind of extended period of time weve clearly outperformed our peer group. I would say there is, there is not a lot of churning in the department store world, I think we have brick one, empty box out of how many Rick?
Richard Sokolov: 450 onwards.
David Simon:
Richard Sokolov: Its in [indiscernible].
David Simon: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah thats a tough one. But in any event like in Riverside, we got the Saks building back we actually just approved internally yesterday a whole redevelopment of that Box, so we were down to one box, but clearly on the specialty side we did lose a handful of retailers and I think at the end of the day there will be an opportunity from it obviously we are focused on releasing it on that space, but we are going to put in better retailers and as you know, I mean the retail business like any business in todays environment is Darwinian and the retailers that are going away are relatively weaker ones. There is a whole host of stronger ones in the pipeline that we would expect to be able to add excitement to our properties and ultimately increase our cash flow from their participation in our building. So, thats the nature of our business. As you know Craig, we like showing the slide about the top 10 retailers at 93, we went public till today, it is a little more going on today then maybe it was a year or two ago, but nothing that we are overly concerned about and we are poised to do the work necessary to make these properties better and obviously having a high quality portfolio like we do will make it happen.
Craig Schmidt: Okay and then just beside your significant redevelopment pipeline efforts. Are there any emerging areas or real estate formats that you are looking to down the road that could be in the area of growth for Simon?
David Simon: Like other users or?
Craig Schmidt: I mean obviously you havent been that interested in highs steel, but is there, I mean just thinking you know the malls is mature business at some point the opportunities for premium outlet slow and then what are you seeing maybe five years down the road that might be an opportunity to grow?
David Simon: Well, look we have always looked. I think the Hudson Bay joint venture is going to give us another avenue of gross in that whole single credit tenant kind of business, both internationally in the U.S. you know street retail potentially out of that I dont know, you know the values there are pretty salty when the deals that we have seen. So, you know I think Craig, weve always been creative in trying to find other areas, it will focus around retail real estate, but we are not concerned not at all about not being able to find avenues of growth, but clearly we still got a big pipeline of redevelopment. The outlet business, our outlet business is very strong. So, we posted great comp NOI numbers this quarter. Sales were very strong. So, we see that growth continuing and then with the redevelopment that we are doing at some of our iconic mall properties, again these arent pipe dreams. They are  Houston Galleria, Roosevelt Field, Stanford Galleria, Del Amo, King of Prussia I mean this stuff is, maybe we should put on our website to show you the steel, but this stuff is all happening. So, we got plenty to say grace over right now.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning, guys. Just a first question on  back on Macerich. What were the pursuit costs related there? And I guess where do they fall in your Q1 numbers?
David Simon: Its in other expense and they are done and we have no more.
Jeff Donnelly: Are you able to give an estimate or?
David Simon: Immaterial. I mean, I dont know  I dont want to  it basic  immaterial. We do a lot of this in-house, you are looking at them.
Jeff Donnelly: Okay.
David Simon: For better or worse, okay?
Jeff Donnelly: And you work cheaply. So
David Simon: Some may argue that. But the point is, for better or worse, you are looking at the M&A guide here, okay?
Jeff Donnelly: Okay. Maybe to switch gears, Im just curious on occupancy. I think Q1 occupancy was down a little bit year-over-year; and maybe I missed it in your remarks, but is that just a return to a more normal  what I will call sort of pullback post-holiday, or is there something else going on there?
David Simon: Well, I would say, Jeff, we clearly  normally, we are always going to close 60 bps to 80 bps from the seasonality part of our business, right? We had more than that this time and thats all related to, Id say, another 50 bps or so, all related to bankruptcies.
Jeff Donnelly: Okay.
David Simon: And, again, we had planned that, thats why we were cautious on our comp NOI growth, so there is no surprise there. Cautious being  Id argue 4% is not  is pretty significant when I look at other categories, I look at office, I look at industrial, I look at across the platform, 4% aint too bad. But nevertheless, it is a little bit lower and it was all because we were planning the guys that were on the ropes. And the guys that were on the ropes ended up on the mat, so to speak. In the spirit of the upcoming Pacquiao/Mayweather fight, okay?
Jeff Donnelly: Okay.
David Simon: They ended up on the mat.
Rick Sokolov: The only thing I would say, Jeff, is we expect that occupancy to go up as we move through the year and get some of that space redeployed, which were in the process of doing right now.
Jeff Donnelly: Yes, because I think at the end of the fourth quarter you guys were looking for sort of flat occupancy by year end. I wasnt sure if that was still the case.
Rick Sokolov: Yeah.
David Simon: Yeah, look, could we be a few basis points below it? Sure. But, again, you also have to factor in weve got a lot of redevelopment going on. So our portfolio is in a pretty significant  undergoing a pretty significant activities going on. So it will be very close to that number.
Jeff Donnelly: I saw that David Contis was working on converting temporary space to permanent space. How much do you guys have in the way of short-term tenancy today, and how does that compare to history?
David Simon: Its been going down pretty significantly. Im going to say, again, we dont  in our occupancy, we only include folks that have a lease of a year in. So, now we do  sometimes we do year-to-year leases because we are looking for a better group, but that number has been  is high. The year-to-year guys have been as high as the mid-5%s, we are down about 4% now, Jeff, roughly, rough numbers, right, guys?
Rick Sokolov: Yeah.
David Simon: Getting close, we will get there.
Jeff Donnelly: And just the last question or two is on WP Glimcher. Is there a set date when you expect that arrangement on providing services to end?
David Simon: May 16th is the end of that right, Rick?
Rick Sokolov: May 2016
David Simon: Yeah.
Jeff Donnelly: Okay. Then on Oyster Bay, how close are you guys 
David Simon: Let me clarify May 2016, not May 16th. Okay?
Jeff Donnelly: Right, right. And just on Oyster Bay, how close are you guys to getting the necessary approvals to move ahead there?
David Simon: Look it is a process; I think by the end of this year, we will be in very good shape. But we have a lot  there is a lot to go through. So we are shooting the next six months or so are going to be very important but thats how we are thinking about the timing.
Jeff Donnelly: Okay. Thanks guys.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS. Please proceed.
Ross Nussbaum: Hey, guys. Good morning.
David Simon: How are you?
Ross Nussbaum: David, let me first ask in stock buyback. Do you intend to actually buyback any stock around the current levels or was it put in place as a placeholder or was it a statement to Macerich a little of everything.
David Simon: Well, I mean I think the REIT market I would say this obviously I am not going to tell you when or how were going to buy stock back, but I would say we wouldnt have announced it once we were serious about it. We couldnt buy any stock back because we were in our blackout period when the announcement came. And as I look at other companies and their valuation and I look at ours, and our growth prospects and our track record, I continue to think we are extremely well positioned. As I look at history year-after-year, quarter-after-quarter and all that weve got going on, look at our valuation compared to our peer group and I feel very comfortable that we are a very strong and good investment. Now with the added volatility in the REIT sector, we want to be able to take advantage of that volatility. So I think you will see us at the appropriate times of volatility and no statement had nothing to do with Macerich obviously had that deal gone forward maybe the capital would have been allotted differently, but I look at our growth profile, I look at the history of our results, I look at our balance sheet, I look at the peer group, I look at revaluations generally and I think I cant pick a better investment than ours as we look forward. So we will take advantage of volatility. Well do this opportunistically and you will see us in the market at the appropriate times.
Ross Nussbaum: Okay. Appreciate that. Can you talk a little bit about whats going on in the department store industry right now? And I know youve got different motivating factors behind what happened with Hudsons Bay and with what is going on with Sears. I guess a couple of questions. One is, did you discuss with Sears or do they want to sell you more than what you actually bought? I am curious what you think of their, Ill call it spin rights offering and do you see other department store companies also transacting with their real estate any time soon?
David Simon: Well, look I would say that Sears and us got comfortable with the portfolio. It wasnt dramatically different from the beginning to where we ended up. And I think its good to have that kind of relationship. I think it can grow overtime. I think they have valuable real estate and we see [indiscernible] has been able to know as a company we wouldnt invest in it less we saw that going forward. And frankly, Hudsons Bay I think they  I really like their management team. I really like that real estate being a partner with them and their real estate and looking for future growth opportunities, [indiscernible] and other avenue of growth. So I see that as another very good opportunity. Could other retailers take advantage of their inherent real estate value? Sure, but if they do it to the extent or theyve got a balloon if they squeeze one end too high, you got to be very careful on how they do it. But if theyre thoughtful about how they want to take advantage of the real estate, I am sure those value to be made for their shareholders. But thats not necessarily a focus for us. We are very pleased to have partnered with both these folks and we expect them to grow. Rick?
Richard Sokolov: The only other thing that I would add is that it does put a spotlight on the fact that the credit worthiness and operating stability of our department store companies I believe is greater than the analyst in the investment community has recognized before and when weve said all along we thought that they were in a stable position. I think thats being worn-out by the ability to add financial stability by taking a focus on the real estate asset.
Ross Nussbaum: And David did you separate out the Hudson's Bay venture from SPG because you didnt want a bunch of boring long terms net leases in SPG or was there something other than that?
David Simon: Well I think it is part of SPG and first of all it hasnt actually closed yet. We are closing when we announced that it should be closing in the next, by the end of the quarter probably, but weve always view that is ultimately a standalone business going forward. Now that will help grow faster, the credit, the net lease retailer, I mean we  they are great retailers. We are going to run that joint venture. Theyve got great real estate entrepreneurs. We certainly can underwrite retail credit. We have ideas on how to grow that business. So, ultimately that business could in fact end up separated from us, but we will want to add value to it through our deal making capabilities and yes it probably, if it ends up more focused on the credit, you know the credit lease business you know its  that probably is better separated from SPG in long run, but of that is to be determined whilst as we go forward.
Ross Nussbaum: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler ONeill. Please proceed.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. David just a few questions here, first you brought up the rating agencies in your comments. So, two questions on that, one is the 7% cap rate that they are using clearly weve had a number of demonstrable mall trades that show cap rates are well below, so curious if they are going to move away from the 7% and second on that is, as you guys entertain the Macerich to buy them, did the rating agencies do any push back to you guys on your rating or their view is they know who you are and even if anything was breached they know that you would resolve that in due course and therefore a rating impact was unlikely.
David Simon: Well. Look I will speak to the last first, I mean, no they have all the confidence in the world in us when it comes to doing a transaction of that nature that we were  that we did not expect to be downgraded or notched at all, right Andy?
Andrew Juster: Right. I mean theyve done $40 billion of acquisition and theyve been very pleased with the results.
David Simon: So, and again as not that this is all that interesting anymore, but part of the reason we were selling assets to GGP was in fact, you know the primary reason was in fact to make sure that our A rating would stay in place. As far as the seven, yes they should update it, its silly. But you know
Andrew Juster: It is a disastrous scenario
David Simon: But they are being conservative. Its not market, I agree with you. I dont know what to do about it.
Andrew Juster: I used to be eight and nine.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. So, glacial compression there. Second question is, on the Hudson Bay can you just talk a little bit about the challenges of having real estate and other people centers and weve seen other companies in the past trying to do that hasnt worked out, was there a different perspective that you guys have on making that work or how should we think that this time it may work versus what weve seen historically?
David Simon: Thats not really even there is no thinking that boy its great to have own real estate in other peoples centers. Thats really not  this is a growth vehicle to go find other opportunities in the credit world based on retail real estate. Right now, Hudsons Bay has all of the plans to operate those stores, so there is nothing about in that sense. Obviously if for whatever reason they decide to not to operate the store, we would have that opportunity. So thats really not anywhere near on the agenda. We value this at a pretty attractive cap rate 6% and 8% in really good mall. So we think its attractive accretive transaction for us from a value point of view, and its really about creating the entity to go do more stuff and seeding it with these stores as opposed to were going to go play. We have no intention at all to go play any kind of habit or anything in other peoples mall, so thats not even on the agenda.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then just finally, your presentation on Macerich you guys disclosed your top center productivity and some of your mall stats. If there is any way if that could be obviously quarterly would be great, but annually I mean it was tremendous retail candy for us and obviously helps in the analysis of you guys. So if there is a suggestion box, would love to see that on an annual basis.
David Simon: Speaking of suggestion boxes, I better not say this because I might get criticized but I remember at a golf club that was built by Pete and Dye, a Crooked Stick here in Indianapolis. And the members suggestion box is in the middle of the pond, okay. But I will not, that will not be duly noted and I am not saying that but duly noted. And look I think we put that together because we felt it was important if there are any confusion about stuff that was said there, we wanted to clarify that. Frankly, Alex, we look at ourselves differently than a collection of assets, but duly noted express  everybody express their views on that. To Tom, we have been I think as clear and as articulate in our financial presentations as anybody. We have never wavered from FFO as an example. We delivered via the white paper. Occasionally like with WP Spin we separate that out because its important to note a transaction of that nature but we give you WP first or we give you FFO first and then we show you whatever is important to change. So I feel like we necessarily are a little different in that area, but duly noted we wont make [indiscernible] to the pond to put in your suggestion. We will take it up Tom and well see about it in the future.
Alexander Goldfarb: Awesome. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good morning, David.
David Simon: Hi.
Steve Sakwa: Couple of questions, I dont think you disclosed the percentage ownership in the Brickell transaction. Is that something you could provide and what role exactly is Simon playing in this development?
David Simon: Were going to have a 25% interest in the retail and we are going to see the manager of the retail portion of the project and we are going to be leaving the leasing effort along with Swire and Whitman Property.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. So you will be the  I guess the leasing agent on this.
David Simon: Yeah.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. I guess David on Copley, I didnt hear any talk on that. Where do we stand on the residential project?
David Simon: Well, we have an upcoming BRA meeting which is there in the next month. We are hopeful to get approved and there will be a couple other hurdles after that, but that puts us on the path to start construction. So the next month or so we thought we were going to be able to do it. This month things got a little, couple of political things happened out of control, but weve been assured that we can get back on the agenda here in this upcoming month.
Steve Sakwa: No, it sounds like maybe kind of June, July start.
David Simon: Yes. I think we should, we feel comfortable by July. We will have all of the permits and all of the approvals done. You know its a fluid situation, but thats correct.
Steve Sakwa: And if thats the case I guess when would the sales process, like just help us think through the timing if you start construction. When does a sales office start, just how far after that, is that a year later?
David Simon: Thats not going to start for a year after that, only because you know the complexity of this build is significant. So we have to go down the turnpike support the foundation and then we got to go into Neiman Marcus store, relay that and then go up. So, there is no real need to rush that. Id say roughly a year from now that would be the focus, a lots going on at the mall. We are going to start the renovation of the actual interior of it. We are going to do the south west portal entrance. So there is a lot  we are finishing the office reno, so it is a property that were a lot is going on, but Id say the sales office would be probably roughly a year from now.
Steve Sakwa: Okay and then last question, I mean you mentioned all of the major projects youve got going on in the U.S. here, I am just curious how do you feel about sort of the international investment opportunities versus domestic?
David Simon: Well, with the outlet business, you know weve got, I mentioned in my call we have three that we think were going to start this year. We have great outlet in Provence partnering with MGE, McArthurGlen. Weve got a new site with fantastic developer in Mexico [indiscernible] which has built some of the best malls who is our partner in Mexico City. We expect that to start this year and then weve got with Genting Group, we are very close to finalizing the deal to start our second outlet in Malaysia and I mentioned to you we just finished Yeoju and Shisui expansion. So thats a lot of activity internationally. We are also working on a couple of other opportunities in the outlet with some new joint ventures and then we have got another site, two sites in Canada. So, internationally on the development front with the outlet, premium outlet product we are busy. And then again, with Klpierre we help do this huge deal that here domestically people dont think about, but it was a 7.4 billion euro deal. They just closed March 31. They also bought a great asset in Spain shortly thereafter, you know there is tremendous amount going on with the integration and the portfolio review of the long terms assets. There is a lot of development work going on as well within the total combined portfolio. So, that to us is kind of we view that as our full price retail entity going forward in continental Europe and I expect that company to continue to grow. So, we are active internationally. I dont see us buying full price retail in Asia or other parts, I mean I think right now it is kind of finding new markets for our premium outlook product.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Haendel St Juste with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you guys  I guess first question just on the factors behind your higher FFO guidance, curious if there is any changes to your FX outlook and the middle guidance. And if there is any level of perhaps share repurchase baked into the full year with outlook?
David Simon: The answer is no on the share buyback and no  weve factored in the currency where it is today. So we have a few cents. Last quarter, quarter one of 14 the Euro was $1.37 average, this year it was $1.13 so thats a pretty big gap, now its $1.08.
Andrew Juster: 41%, right.
David Simon: We are pretty proud that we took a $0.03 hit in our Q1 15 and still beat consensus pretty good within our numbers. Its clearly going to affect our total. We have $0.10 roughly year-over-year that was in that range. We have a little bit exposure, but drops further but nothing that we cant deal with.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay, fair enough. And following up on the Miami project with Swire, just want to clarify first. The 25% ownership, thats just on the retail or is that the entire project?
David Simon: Just the retail.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. And then the strategic decision involved with the project now. Why now did you approach them, did they approach you and then how should we think about the project in terms of merchandising mix? It looks like GDP their nearby design district has a bit of stranglehold on luxury. How much of a challenge do you think that might present your ability to track a higher tier tenant retailers?
David Simon: Well, they approached us and look we have been involved in this for a while. We feel unbelievably confident we are going to deliver obviously they designed it and theyve done the most of the work, but we feel together were going to deliver a great product that I think is going to the marketplace. There is no question that this is going to be a unique terrific long term mixed use retail asset. I think it will blow  I think its going to blow peoples minds away and the leasing. Weve made a lot of progress on leasing and we are very, very confident about our ability to deliver a very, very compelling mix.
Andrew Juster: The only thing I would add is that this project in and of itself as a hotel to condo towers and to office towers and surrounding it, there is another eight or nine residential office and hotel projects going on in the hotter brick haul. So its a very young, very sophisticated and very well paced submarket inside of the State County overall market we are very excited about it.
Haendel St. Juste: Too early to talk about target yields?
Richard Sokolov: Yeah. Look since we have partners in there, it will be put in our 8-K but that kind of stuff is probably not going to be singled-out out of respect for partners, but we think its an attractive investment and we wouldnt make it otherwise. And as I said, this will be produced in a very high level. Swire and the Whitman family are first-class operators you couldnt pick that of partners and we all know Bell Harbor for sure and we all know what Swire has done in China and Hong Kong. It built some of the most amazing stuff. So to be associated with those kind of folks on a long term basis, we couldnt be more pleased and we will make money in this investment, otherwise we wouldnt do it.
Haendel St. Juste: Could there be more or you contemplating additional investments with Swire or is it again too early to talk about that?
David Simon: We are not in Hong Kong and this is their big investment in the U.S. which certainly have a lot of respect for that organization.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay but just to be clear at this point there is nothing talked about perhaps overseas with them in Asia, Hong Kong or China.
David Simon: No.
Haendel St. Juste: Alright thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Rosivach with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Andrew Rosivach: Sorry guys I tried to get out of the queue it was running away, but really quick, you guys have listed amazing metrics, specially relative basis, especially when you are taking to account leverage and unfortunately you can go through quarters where that actually doesnt influence your share price and I am just curious just in terms of, unfortunately my clients have tried to get rate and discussions over the last couple of quarters, you know when you bid for another company that your shareholder dont own you can actually harm the relative performance of your supporters and Im just wondering like is that part of the decision making process you kind of know it will hurt and you make the call that the long term gain actually offsets a certain pain or is it not in the calculus?
David Simon: Well we always want feedback from our shareholders and we always take that into account, but hopefully they have confidence in us, but we are making right decisions that will add to the value of their investment and we are always confronted whether it is a M&A deal or new development or redevelopment to weigh short-term paying for long term gain. We thankfully, hopefully will continue, but certainly historically weve made pretty good decisions on that front. Weve certainly have embedded a 1000 of where weve been made risky investments. Weve done it on a low key basis and small basis compared to the enterprise and I go back to two to jump out of me, you know one was the one in China. The other was in, I call my blue period where we are doing all the technology, you know in the late, whenever I was  I try to forget about it. Late 90s early 2000, so you know I would say to with this last situation, I mean the shareholders that we spoke to at least what they told me they were supportive of what we were trying to accomplish and thats what they told me and again, I mean we never got to the point where we were able to lay out all that we could do there, but we certainly always factor that in. We do know that sometimes doing these things is not the easy road. You know the easy road is to just do what a lot of other folks do, which is not a lot, okay. But this company is all about not doing what is easy. And then its easy just to you know I dont know redevelop a thing here, build something there, but thats not what we are about, we are about and are trying to make this company unique and when you do that you sometimes you do create short-term confusion and/or short term underperformance. We hope, all we can do we hope is that people look at the track record and look at dividend growth. I mean 15% dividend growth at a company our size 
Andrew Rosivach: There is not push back on that. There is no push back that you are actually great at doing M&A, it just when it goes on for a quarter and most of my clients are based on one of your performance on a relative basis that after a while it starts to hurt and I even got the impression you know when you wrote your March 20 final offer, I got a sense when you were saying not to go through multi-year proxy, I think you were starting to notice the pain it was creating with your share price.
David Simon: Well look that is a whole different subject that is probably better off, I am happy to have you with or anybody else, but it is probably better off to have that not necessarily on  in this kind of format, but we  look short term, we are all about short term gain if there is a long term play there but its important to have support from our shareholders. And I can say to you that they were the ones that I talk to or relatively support of what we try to accomplish, but on the other hand going through a multiyear proxy fight et cetera. If we had done that, thats when we might have lost support. Thats a judgment call I have to make and I made the judgment call and I did. I think the support would have been there had we on the deal, rather the support would have been there on a long drawn out battle, I dont know. But I decide to not to ask for.
Andrew Rosivach: Thanks for your commentary. Appreciate it.
David Simon: Sure. No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Vincent Chao: Hi, good morning everyone. Just wanted to go back to the FX question a little bit, I appreciate the comments on the earnings side of things. Just curious last quarter we talked a little about the impact on some of the tourism driven markets. Just wondering if you could give I guess an update on what youre seeing in those markets as it pertains to FX impacts?
David Simon: In the U.S. side with the strong dollar.
Vincent Chao: Right.
David Simon: Yeah, okay. Fair enough. We are seeing a little bit  I would tell you that its just really volatile right now on some of those tourist markets where there is a good month, a good week, and then there is a bad month and a bad week. So it kind of balances out, but I would say its safe to say that the strong dollar is affecting to some extent sales in some of the really highly international assets that we have but nothing thats going to change our financial profile or earnings or any of that. But it is a lot more volatile, you hear occasionally in South Florida a little bit, you hear  we havent seen anything at Woodbury but Ive heard a lot in New York, now we have no exposure there but you hear and then when I say hear, Im hearing from the retailers, but with something to pay attention to it.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thanks. And then just more domestically just given the drop in oil prices, it seems like there was expectations that would flow into the economy, but seems like its being saved. Just curious if you are seeing anything different from that in your own mall traffic and that kind of that.
David Simon: Id still say generally we are still dealing with a cautious consumer, its safe to say and its volatile. So the comment I heard about the tourism also applies to just the domestic consumer as well. The patterns of the consumer are tougher to predict right now. I still think there is  confidence is getting better, but there is still a lot of debt being reduced and its still there is a good month, good week, and then a bad month, a bad week and the pattern is sloppy enough but its certainly not getting busters. And look we had 2% total sales increase from quarter-over-quarter 14 to 15. Thats the kind of world we are in right now. We did get unbelievably so we did not mention this, Nova [ph] mentioned in it so I probably shouldnt mention it but we had another awful winter in northeast. For those of you in Boston only, we have a lot of exposure in northeast. Believe it or not, our snow expense was higher this year than last year across the portfolio. So we still had to deal with a little bit of the weather, but we are dealing with a cautious consumer and we are delivering  the good news is, we are delivering results in that environment. Thats all we can do.
Vincent Chao: Okay. Thank you very much.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carol Kemple with Hilliard Lyons. Please proceed.
Carol Kemple: Good morning. Thinking about the premium outlet pipeline out there, how much room do you think there is for premium outlets of Simons quality to be built in the U.S.? Can you quantify a number? Are there 20 possible sites left in the U.S., or where do you think that number would be?
David Simon: Well, I think that would be a real challenge of our kind of quality to produce. Right now, the way we look at it, 20 additional outlets. I still think its a handful. We are going through  the industry is going through a little bit of a growth spurt. But, Carol, I would say, 20 would be a stretch. Im going to  this is so hard to give you a real number, but I would say  as we look at the stuff that we might see building, weve got three now that will start, maybe another two or three next year. But from our standpoint, I would see under 10 over the next three to five years, domestic starts within our portfolio.
Carol Kemple: Okay.
Rick Sokolov: The one thing I would say to you Carol is when you think about growth, please dont forget about the expansions that David mentioned earlier. They are almost the equivalent in terms of productivity of a new outlet. We are adding a lot of square footage at Chicago and at Woodbury and at San Francisco. And all of that is adding mass, and thats absorbing demand in the most productive way that could possibly happen. And I encourage all of you to go out and see what we just opened at Desert Hills, and if you are out in Las Vegas, what we are opening in Las Vegas North the week of the ICSC convention. These things are dramatic expansions with great retailers that are highly, highly productive.
Carol Kemple: Okay, thanks. And then this question is for Rick. Weve heard a lot about store closings. I know you love to give your list of who wants the space. Do you have any new names for us?
David Simon: I cant wait.
Rick Sokolov: Well, you have to relax and stretch. But I think one thing that I would like to point out to everybody is we talk about all this, the tenant that has the broadest footprint in our portfolio is L Brands, with Victorias Secret and they are doing great results, and they are growing and they are expanding and they are adding things to the Victoria's Secret stores. But we are doing with a lot of international retailers that people havent -- DAVIDsTEA has come down, we are growing UNIQLO, we are growing H&M, we are growing Sephora, and we are growing Altard State, which is a great retailer that has got a significant growth platform. And frankly, as David said, the ones that left are low productivity, oversized. So that gives us the opportunity to bring in higher productivity retailers that are just going to increase the market share of our properties.
Carol Kemple: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. Just a quick one. It sounds like a lot could be going on at Syosset. So how much of that project would you actually do yourselves?
David Simon: Yeah, in terms of the mixed use, we havent gotten to that point, Michael. We probably  when it gets to the office, we will probably sell the office. We might partner on the residential, but  again, there is roughly 400,000 of retail, so that we will do with our partner. The other hotel we may or may not do. So my guess is at the end of the day, wed probably look to either sell or joint venture. We probably wont do the office; we might sell or joint venture the other uses.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. That was pretty much it. Thanks.
David Simon: Sure. No worries.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Linda Tsai: Hi. When people talk about omni-channel, my sense is that they think of traditional mall-based or full-priced stores. To what extent are you seeing omni-channel capabilities incorporated into the Premium Outlet model? Do you think this is something that makes sense for you and the retailers?
David Simon: Well, I think the retailers as they bring in the omni-channel world to their physical stores will certainly apply to the outlet world as well. And again, they are all at different degrees of that integration. But I dont think outlets would be ignored on that front at all. So I would expect that to be part of it.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question, we have a follow-up from the line of Christy McElroy with Citi. Please proceed.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, its Michael Bilerman, again. David, Im just curious to get your thoughts a little bit on Land and Buildings and Orange Capitals proxy campaign post them rebuffing your offer. And at least in Jons letter he references a conversation that he had with you and, obviously, I dont know if that conversation is done verbatim. But it implied that what you had told him was based on where Simons stock is currently, almost $200; that that would imply $100 for Macerich. So Im just curious how you think about that as well as their campaign.
David Simon: Well, look, Im not  put it this way, Im not surprised by Land and Buildings and Oranges  that they might pursue something like this, or others. But as you can see from their proxy materials, we are not participating or providing any financial support in their proxy. But Im not surprised that someone like them would take up this particular issue. But, again, we are notthis is not us, this is them. And I said to you, you can see it from their preliminary proxy stuff that were not supporting or involved in that at all. And then, as a shareholder, we will wait and see what happens.
Michael Bilerman: Right. I guess as a shareholder, when they came out after rebuffing your offer for the final time, then they put out their presentation of the plan forward, I guess as a shareholder would you have wanted to know how they achieve a price equal to or greater than the offer that you had put on the table? And I guess did that surprise you that that wasnt in there?
David Simon: Well, look, thats up for Macerich to respond to. I mean I can only tell you what I told you earlier, which is I think we put a hell of a deal on the table and I was looking to engage with Art. I consider Art a peer. Weve had a good relationship. People say hostile offer. I dont  let me give you my thinking on this. Any time somebody offers a lot of money to somebody, I never consider that hostile, okay? Now, it may not be  it maybe unsolicited, but it aint hostile
Michael Bilerman: At a 30% premium, no less.
David Simon: Okay. It aint hostile. So I hope Art and the board realizes that I didnt view it as hostile. I view it  sure, it was unsolicited, but it was a hell of an offer done in the spirit of trying to negotiate a deal at a big number and I will leave it at that. Its yesterdays news, but I will leave it at that. But it was not hostile. Unsolicited, absolutely. But, again, anytime I think  Im a simpleton when it comes to this  but anytime you offer a big number to somebody, I dont view that as hostile. I just view that as of the way of the world, I guess.
Michael Bilerman: Yes, okay. Thanks, David.
David Simon: All right. No worries.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I will now turn the call over to David for closing remarks.
David Simon: All right. Thank you, everyone, and take care and we will talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Ward  Vice President-Investor Relations David Simon  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Rick Sokolov  President and Chief Operating Officer Steve Broadwater  Chief Accounting Officer Andy Juster  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ross Nussbaum  UBS Michael Bilerman  Citi Christy McElroy  Citi Craig Schmidt  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Morgan  MLV & Co. George Auerbach  Credit Suisse Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill & Partners, L.P. Carol Kemple  Hilliard Lyons Omotayo Okusanya  Jefferies Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank Haendel St Juste  Morgan Stanley Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Linda Tsai  Barclays Capital Caitlin Burrows  Goldman Sachs Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets Scott ODonnell  MetLife
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2014 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Towanda, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tom Ward, VP of Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.
Tom Ward: Thank you Towanda. Good morning, and welcome to Simon Property Groups fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings conference call. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Andy Juster, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Broadwater, Chief Accounting Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that maybe accurate only as of todays date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. For our prepared remarks, Im pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good morning, we had strong results to wrap up in exceptional 2014. We open Premium Outlets Montreal, started construction on two new Premium Outlets in strong and growing markets of Tampa and Tucson. We announced our first new full-price development project in the last several years with The Shops at Clearfork in Ft. Worth, Texas, anchored by Neiman Marcus and most importantly we continue to produce strong operating and financial performance. Results in the quarter, were highlighted by FFO of $2.47 per share. On a comparable basis, excluding the operating results from WPG properties in the prior year period, our FFO per diluted share increased 12.3% for the quarter or $0.27 year-over-year. As a reminder, our FFO per diluted share is calculated strictly in accordance with the NAREIT white paper. We encourage the industry to acknowledge the importance of using this long standing measure without modification. Our fourth quarter FFO per diluted share was impacted by approximately $0.04 from our share of Klpierres costs related to both their bond tender offer and their tender offer for Corio, as well as unfavorable effects of foreign currency devaluations. For the year, on a comparable basis excluding the operating results from the WPG properties, the spin-off transactions and the debt extinguishment charge FFO per diluted share increased 13.9% after taking into account this spin-off and debt charge, we beat our initial guidance of 2014 that we provided to you by an impressive $0.40. We continue to record strong key operating metrics and cash flow. Occupancy increased across the portfolio and our malls and premium outlets combined occupancy ended at the year at record 97.1%. Leasing activity is healthy. The malls and premium outlets recorded releasing spreads of $9.59 per square foot, an increase of 16.6%. Comp NOI increased 4% in the fourth quarter of 2014, compared to an increase of 6.1% in the fourth quarter of 2013 and an increase in total of 5.1%. So we had an increase of 4%, over an increase of 6.1% last year. And as a reminder, approximately 95% of our domestic property NOI is included in our comp NOI calc. Total sales in our portfolio increased 2.3% in the fourth quarter, compared to last year even with major redevelopment occurring at several of our Premier properties. As I said, we open Montral October 30 the great excitement, we commenced construction in Tampa and Tucson and the construction in New Jersey with the Gloucester Premium, Philadelphia Premium Outlets continues to move forward, all of those will open in 2015. And we are slated to begin construction of four new domestic premium outlets in 2015, which include Columbus, Ohio, Clarksburg, Maryland, Norfolk, Virginia and Tulsa, Oklahoma. Now during the quarter, even with all that new development we completed several redevelopments including the addition of Nordstrom and small shop expansions at St. Johns Town Center, the relocation of Bloomingdales at Stanford Shopping Center, as well as the expansions at premium outlets in Mexico City and Toki Premium Outlets in Japan. We started construction in King of Prussia we are underway with the expansion to connect Plaza and the Court. Then well add approximately 150,000 square feet. The Pennsylvanias top retail destination and is expected to be completed in August of 2016. And at Phipps Plaza we are adding in AC Hotel by Marriott, and luxury residents, both expected to be completed in 2016, as well. Construction continues on major redevelopment and expansion projects at some of our most productive mall properties, including Roosevelt Field, Houston Galleria, Stanford, and our premium outlets in Woodbury Common, Las Vegas North, Livermore, San Francisco and Chicago. These major redevelopments are to be completed in late 2015 and 2016. Redevelopment and expansion projects are ongoing, that is under construction across all three of our platforms in the U.S. and Asia. And have a total committed spend of $2.1 billion. So again thats under construction. Acquisitions we closed on Jersey Gardens and University Park Village for $1.09 billion on January 15, and are excited to include these great properties and portfolio. And both Jersey Gardens and UPV has sales per square foot of $850 per foot. Let me turn to Klpierre. We are pleased with our investment in Klpierre. Our net equity investment is up $850 million even with the weaker Euro, and as their largest shareholder were excited for them as 94% of our Corio shares were tendered in support of Klpierres acquisition and once the merger is completed expected by the end of the first quarter the integration of the two companies will begin. Now, lets talk about our balance sheet. We ended 2014 with a debt-to-market capitalization ratio of 29% industry-leading. Our interest coverage was 3.8 times industry-leading, net to EBITDA of 5.4 times industry-leading. Our long-term issuer rating, of A and A2, continues to be industry-leading. So lets not lose sight of the significant differentiating and positive attribute of our balance sheet, as compared to our peer group. A few other capital market activities other way this replaces Ricks listing of tenants, weve retired $2.9 billion of senior notes at an average coupon they were at 5.76%, we issued $2.5 billion of new notes within weighted average term of 12 years and a weighted average coupon at 3.32%, we amended and extended our $4 billion revolver until 2019, we closed 60 new mortgages within weighted average interest rate and term of 3.29%, and 8.4 years and we became the first U.S. REIT to establish a global commercial paper program issuing $400 million of CP at an weighted average interest rate of 18 basis points. So lets turning to the dividend, we announced our dividend this quarter of $1.40 per share, an increase year-over-year of 12%. We will pay at least $5.60 in dividends of 2015, which is an increase of 8.7% compared to the last year in totality. And if we include WPs dividend, weve more than doubled our divided since the great recession. Now lets turn to guidance, our guidance of FFO is $9.60 to $9.70 per share. This range represents 8% to 9% growth compared to our reported FFO per share of $8.90 for 2014. Our range is based on comparable NOI growth of approximately 4% for our malls, Premium Outlets and mills platforms it also assumes no additional acquisition or disposition activity beyond what we just completed with Jersey Gardens and UPV. And it also includes the unfavorable impact to recent currency devaluations which should approximate $0.10, compared to the currency levels that existed in 2014.  So lets conclude. We produced another exceptional year with our results for the fourth quarter and the full year 2014 beating guidance for an unprecedented 10 plus years in a row. We achieved record levels in occupancy, FFO per share and dividends despite the loss of approximately $1 per share of FFO from WP and the debt extinguishment charge. And we continue to improve our portfolio and consumer and customer services for the benefit of stakeholders and were very excited about 2015. We are ready for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS. Please proceed.
Ross Nussbaum: Hey David good morning. I guess its on first whats coming I guess I get the honor of asking you what the heck is going on with may search?
David Simon: Well, I thought we are going to talk about your headline that said mix bag? So what was mix bag? Our record revenue growth or record comp NOI growth, our record balance sheet, our record occupancy, our record rental rates, I wanted to talk about your headline first. Can we do that?
Ross Nussbaum: Yes, we can all read the note, but the guidance coming in below the Street is an offset to beating for the quarter. One would call that perhaps a mix bag, but we can talk about with all that.
David Simon: I think on the guidance, look, first of all those are your numbers, not ours. And obviously, thats predominantly driven by the currency devaluation thats occurring both with respect to the Yen and Euro. The good news is even with that, because of our at least our hedge in Europe, were up $850 million in Klpierre. So yes were going to have some volatility, its about 1% of our - this where the rates are today versus where they are, its above 1% of our earnings, which to me is somewhat immaterial. So I do think we need to put that in perspective. Im not sure that should have generated your headline, but you certainly understand our position, I understand yours.
Ross Nussbaum: I appreciate that. So back to the elephant in the room.
David Simon: Yes, whats your question?
Ross Nussbaum: A little California-based mall company called Macerich, what can you tell us about, whats currently going on? What was going through your head a couple of months ago when you put out the announcement that you did? What can you say about it?
David Simon: Well, look. As much as we - Im sure youd love to talk about, we disclosed our stake of - was 4.1% and got diluted down to 3.6% in Macerich, we still hold that position and at this point its really not appropriate for me to add anything other than the fact that we still own it. And theres not a lot more I can say, actually let me take away the clarifying statement, theres nothing more I can add to that.
Ross Nussbaum: You may not want to answer this, but I will ask it anyway. If there were nothing going on one might assume you would be happy to tell us that you own a position in another company, that you thought the stock was undervalued at the time. But if you cant comment on it would suggest that there is something going on other than that.
David Simon: Well, look we dont - we never comment on M&A activity. And we still own the stake. And as you know were significantly in the money of this on the stake, there is been no P&L impact on our stake as I know some people asked Tom that question. And it is what it is, there is nothing really I can add other than that. And Im sorry I cant, but theres nothing more that I can add to that.
Ross Nussbaum: All right, I and my mixed bag will get back in the queue.
David Simon: Sorry listen, you know, its a two-way street, you give it today were going to give it back a little bit anyway. Thats what you like about us.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy with Citi. Please proceed.
Michael Bilerman: Yes it is Michael Bilerman with Christy. David, let me just try just a different angle. When you made the statement you said you may seek a waiver, and you put that out publicly. So at least can you comment on whether youve made the ask for the waiver and if there has been a response? And if you havent made the ask why havent you? And then the second part is just the intent of taking the stake. And was it solely for the purpose of a passive investment just to you thought you had a lot of cash hanging around, so buy something that you think - you cant buy assets in the private market, so buy something that you know really well that you think is trading at a discount, make money and go home? Or was it made for the purpose of moving forward with a non-passive agenda?
David Simon: Well, I cant - Ross ask a question I cant add to that other than, we have manage defined investments was evidence by the little over $1 billion that we just spent in January 15 by two really good assets with really good growth potential that we think this year will yield terrific results. Im still an old fashioned real estate guy, I like current yield going in and the current yield going in is very attractive with once Rick and The Mills team certainly with Jersey Gardens, works their magic I think we got a lot upside. And not to say that I think Michael Glimcher did a great job with that asset. But theres nothing I can add other than what I said to Ross just earlier Michael. And Im sorry. But as you know its just inappropriate for me to comment further.
Christy McElroy: Hi, its Christy McElroy here with Michael. Just following-up on the currency and the impact to 2015, you mentioned that $0.10 impact embedded in your guidance. How are you thinking about hedging that exposure potentially, would you to expect pick on more debts provided natural hedge or may be put in place any other foreign currency hedges, just want to get a sense for how thats rolling through the numbers? And then just related to that Im wondering if youve seen any impact at all from the stronger dollar in terms of a change in traffic or sales at any of your centers that have a higher international tourism component to the customer base.
David Simon: Sure Im happy to answer those. So lets just talk about the net. Were pretty well hedged on the Klpierre initial stake, though we are not as hedge with our McArthurGlen investment. The problem as you know to get the perfect hedge and with rates as lowest they are in the Euro, youre never going to make up that. But I would say generally, were reasonably hedged in the Euro in kind of the 80%, 90% range. But since rates - with debt, but with rates are so low there, the math is such that, its still going to have an impact on us. So the good news that I see at least is that the business there is not necessarily reflecting the devaluation. So I think the consumer there is still shopping and doing that. And so, I think its kind of more of a temporary thing. But its going to impact us for next year. And it is what it is the same thing with the Yen in a sense that from a book value point of view, were basically completely hedged.  But again, the Yens rates are so low, theres just no way to do it. Now, weve locked in some forwards on the dividend yields. Im sorry, in the dividends that we both get from Klepierre and from Japan, but as you know, the equity account for both so that doesnt impact, thats just cash flow, which is important to be hedged on cash flow, dont get me wrong. But still at the same time, it does as we take our share of the equity income in those businesses. Were going to have exposure and it is what it is. So I assume that answered your question on that. I mean from an investment point of view book value were essentially hedged, but its not going to mean a lot. Were still going to have some volatility. Not from a cash flow point of view, but from an earnings point of view. That answered your question on that front?
Christy McElroy: Yes it does, thanks David.
David Simon: Now on the sales, look I think its very interesting, because Ive some commentary around it. We did see a little bit of bit of flattening out in the Florida area kind of first is, as one initial as you know, in terms of devaluation that Latin American customer happened quicker than say the Euro devaluation. We dont have any earnings impact on that that just might have impacted sales. We also, as Christy, as you know, we are undergoing huge transformational redevelopment in King of Prussia the field, even The Forum Shops were changing a lot of the tenant mix, changing the transition hall from phase 1 to the phase 3 thats out on this strip, as well as we had this unusual anomaly that we have one retailer thats in a state that doesnt pay sales tax, they had an extraordinary amount of sales in 2013, that didnt repeat because of their own constraints that they post for 2014, that also may have flattened sales in terms of how youre thinking about it. But I would generally say you put all those things together our portfolio does what $620 a foot, still industry leading given size and scale, were adding to the mix, were doing a lot of great stuff. So you know how generally I feel about retail sales, okay. And you have seen even with flat retail sales generally over the last two years or three years youve seen our comp NOI increases, you know my argument on that. But at least I hope that gives you some color as to how you might think about our number, compared to others out there, but the portfolio is never been stronger or better.
Christy McElroy: I appreciate the color. Thank you, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. I was wondering if you could comment on the trend of the outlet sales.
David Simon: They actually were slightly better than the malls, because the malls had this - those kind of two or three things Craig that I just discussed. And our premium outlets on from a both the from a comp point of view had better results than the mall business.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, great. And then how far is the ground of development shops at Clearfork from the University Park Village that you just acquired?
David Simon: How far a long is it?
Craig Schmidt: Well how far are they from each other?
David Simon: Well, three miles are so. Three miles Rick half way through?
Rick Sokolov: Yes three.
David Simon: But its different trade here, but I would say three because theres a river that runs through it, is one of those things.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And then is there any further things that you could do with Costco just given the size of their project beyond The Shops at Clearfork?
Rick Sokolov: Hi, Craig its Rick. Right now, we are obviously focused on the first phase. There are a number of elements to that phase. They do have some additional land and depending on how this goes we obviously be open to try and do some additional development. But right now the first phase draws our attention.
Craig Schmidt: Great, and then finally just may be this is for Rick. Have you seen what you think might be a change in pace in either store openings or store closings in the Mall space for 2015?
Rick Sokolov: Well basically, obviously weve had the announcements that everyone has seen. So there is a little more pressure on some closings, but conversely where our record occupancy weve just come out of our meetings in December and we got a lot of momentum in the business, because theres lot of people that are looking for space. And we certainly anticipate were going to be able to hold our market share and there is always going to be churning that weve had historically. But were going to basically to be able to keep things pretty much where they are now in terms of occupancy. And everybody we replace is going to be replaced by someone who is more credit worthy and more productive want to sales per foot base.
David Simon: But, Craig, we clearly have at this point in time compared to last year more retailers in bankruptcy. So as you know were not sure how many stores were going to get back, some weve already announced, so its really closing stores some in factory been liquidating. So I mean, I dont - it doesnt change the fundamentals of our business, but 2015 is going to be a lot of work and really she knows those retailers because depending on when we get it and how much time we have to lease it up, there could be a little gap there.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan with MLV. Please proceed.
Paul Morgan: Hi, good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Paul Morgan: Your same store numbers have been bouncing sort of in the 4% to 6% range over the past three years and youre lease spreads kind of in the 15% to 20% range. I mean your guidance for same store was 4%. How should I think about that in the context of the past few years where the average is sort of above that? And then kind of related to that where youre at in terms of occupancy, is that what you think of as maybe approaching a kind of frictional feeling and whether that could constrain your same store growth at all?
David Simon: Well, I think what weve always tried to be realistic and conservative. I forget Steve, what weve announced last year for our comp NOI was, but 4%?
Steve Broadwater: 4%.
David Simon: So we were fortunate to outperform that. So Paul, we are taking into account. We do have more bankruptcies this year. So I think its appropriate for us to be conservative, because as you know, we dont control, we dont get the space back, and then we can have downtime, and so on. So if there is a conservative element to what Id say its a little bit because of the just the bankruptcies that were having to deal with in 2015 versus 2014.
Paul Morgan: Okay, thanks. And then just maybe you think about investments youve got $3 billion in developments, redevelopments at what you target as a 9% yield. On acquisitions the cap rates for today are kind of have that for decent properties. And I mean how do you think about that spread both in terms of kind of evaluating acquisitions what makes an acquisition, whether its a single asset, or portfolio, or an M&A deal at a much lower yield and then you are getting on your redevelopments? I mean, what makes it compelling from your perspective?
David Simon: Well, look I mean theres nobody been more active in new development and redevelopment than we have been. But its not like, oh lets just do a redevelopment theres a lot thats required to get there. And then new development we want to build stock that is at the end of the day going to fit in the certainly in the top half of our portfolio over the long run. So thats - we have a hell of a portfolio, so thats hard to achieve. And were going reasonably quick when we get to new development and redevelopment. And so at the same time we are not going to buy anything or anybody unless we feel like we can add significant value to it. Now lets take a couple of recent examples. Its not bad for my net investment in Klpierre to be up 4x okay, not bad. And we felt like we could add value to that business and thankfully we have. The same thing on the going in yield with the two deals we brought for Glenshire is around five. And we think they are A assets A+ assets and obviously we think well be able to grow those. So thats a great opportunity. And look at the one thing that I think the market has lost sight of is just everybodys balance sheet again. Its like forget about it. Our balance sheet is 5.4 EBITDA multiple, its 3.8% interest coverage despite having I still look at those ten and three-quarters that I got outstanding to my team. Right Andy? My team.
Andy Juster: Right.
David Simon: We still have room to, depending on where rates are, to roll that down and even to make a stronger coverage ratio in balance sheet. So I mean, weve always looked at every thing, well look at everything. Were not going to chase deals, and when it comes to acquisitions unless we feel like we can add value to that property with our, either our infrastructure or leasing know-how development, know-how we just dont do it.
Paul Morgan: Thats your leverage and your balance sheet advantages. I mean do you think of that as an important lever to pull, when youre looking at bigger deals, capitalizing on that?
David Simon: Well, sure. I mean, look it led to - lets just go back to, 09, I mean, the fact of matter is theres - in the retail real estate sector, theres nobody, because they were so levered and we did some tough financing including equity, but there is nobody in our sector other than maybe say Taubman, that has out grown whatever dilution. And not only were growing it, we just blew it away. Everybody else is still trying to get back to the record FFO per share that they had in 2006, 2007 and the dividend. We are blowing through those dramatically. And what that balance sheet that we had even though, we panic like a few others, allowed us that to be conservative yet, signaled the market that were alive and well, blow through the growth that we had, we had a year or two of flatness or step back. But we were able to use that to find good investments that have fueled our growth. So I would hope even in capital rich times we were able to do that as well. But its - were pretty conservative, we dont want to blow the balance sheet, we - as you know my background in the real estate world besides being an M&A banker, which was outside of real estate and in all sorts of industries was directly involved in restructuring real estate workouts. And having no fund and we are never going to get there. So we have a great asset, weve worked hard to achieve it and its a great thing, but you cant take it for granted.
Paul Morgan: Okay, thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Auerbach with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
George Auerbach: Thank you. Just a follow-up on Christys question, Dave, have you quantified the impact of redevelopment at King of Prussia fields and I forgot the other asset that you mentioned, but just sort of what thats done to the overall sales growth, trying to think about your portfolio on a more normalized level, adjusting at some of the noise.
David Simon: Look, yes, Im not making to excuses and you know how weve all had this discussion about our tenant sales and how I think about it. But if you take these anomalies Id say generally wed be around 4%-ish, but again it - our number is our number and you know how management feels about it. I appreciate you may have a different point of view, we have nothing to hide or we had a few anomalies, were not making excuses, will accept being dinged on it if you want. But there is a lot of transforming we do have exposure to certain markets within Brazil takes a little breather. And we had this strange thing in a state, I mean, Im giving you enough, but we tend not to talk about specific retailers. But you could figure out what the state that doesnt have sales tax. And it is what it is. Same time we do FFO per still into the white paper, the number is the number. We pointed out the $0.04 only because we thought may be the market didnt know, we had to pickup our share, Klepierres transaction cost associated with the bulk tenders, as well as the currency drop pretty precipitously quarter-over-quarter of last year. So we thought it was important do it, but the numbers were not.
George Auerbach: Well, no, I was asking because in the Macerich Analyst Day they mentioned that I think there were three big redevelopments they had that lowered their same-store growth on that whole portfolio by 100 basis points. So I know one or two assets can really move the number. That is why I was asking.
David Simon: Yes, no, no, its a legitimate question. I was talking more about tenants sales on our comp NOI theyre in our number. For all of those that Ive talked about are in, even though were taking some immediate step backs as we redevelop it. So those really arent an effect in our comp NOI, at least those assets that I talked about it.
George Auerbach: Great and I guess just a last one from me, you and the Board, have increased the dividend pretty meaningfully over the last couple of quarters at a pace above FFO growth. I guess as the redevelopment spends kind of may be tapers off into 2015 and 2016 should we anticipate that the dividend growth will continue to outpace FFO or AFFO growth for the foreseeable future?
Andy Juster: Yes, weve got taxable incomes got a lot of variability, we are - as you know we paid out 100% of our taxable income last year. And I did underline, I hope you saw that at least $560, I will underline that thats at least $560 or so. The answer is our taxable income is growing significantly as our earnings are and so its very conceivable that that could be an outcome of that. 
George Auerbach: Great, thank you.
Andy Juster: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Tom Ward: Hello.
Operator: Mr. Sakwa, your line is open. Your phone maybe muted.
Tom Ward: Hello, [indiscernible] 
Operator: Well move the next question. Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler ONeill. Please proceed.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hi, good morning David.
David Simon: Good morning.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, and it is, I know youre not commenting on the Macerich. But it is interesting the market is cheering you guys and your stocks out performance. So clearly the market seems to be suggesting that it wants something to happen. Just as far as Macerich in the guidance, Andy, are you saying theres no impact the way you are accounting for, theres no impact to the 2015 numbers, or we should be picking up something?
Andy Juster: No impact.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, okay. And then, hi David.
Steve Broadwater: Let me do clarify that, I mean, we - let me just clarify that, they do pay us a dividend, so we do have the dividend income in our numbers. Okay.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay.
Andy Juster: But not, but obviously its the movement up and down goes in the comprehensive income or loss, in this case its income, because its up. Yes, but thats not an FFO number, so and the only thing in our FFO guidance is their dividend have income. Okay, Alex.
Alexander Goldfarb: Yes, yes, yes, thats right. I just want to make sure that thats the way you are accounting for it. Just the next thing David, is right after the worlds woke up to lower oil after Thanksgiving, you announced two projects down in oil country. So just sort of curious what you guys have, obviously tenant demand was unaffected by it. So should we just take away from this that the retailers are un-faced by the drop in oil, and they just see continued strong sales down in those markets, or is your view that may be some of the tenants who initially indicated that they would be in interested in both of these projects, may start to have second thoughts?
David Simon: Well, Houston Galleria is been under construction for quite some sometime, well over a year or so. But Texas itself is so diversified than it used to be 20 plus years ago, 20 plus years ago with oil. And basically real estate, today its tech, Houston is very diversified obviously oil and gas, is important but its got the medical focus on the universities and Dallas Fort work, thats less and less oil and gas completely, thats more. So the answer is, we dont think itll have the any impact. Fort Worth were excited about because Neiman Marcus is obviously huge in that area, relocating for one mall for this to be their flagship store in Fort Worth. And we think the demand for that is great, no issues in Houston Galleria which one of the top five centers in the country. And so when you put it all together its really long run was no issue at all.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, and I guess same applies to Tulsa?
David Simon: True, yes.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then final question is, as you guys start to do more of these mix use or added density to some of the projects, some of your malls, how do you underwrite the projects as, yes, there is a return from obviously adding apartments or adding hotels and then there is hopefully the additional return of just added traffic to the mall that allows you to drive higher NOI and cash flows. So if we think about the returns as you guys pencil out densifying some of the sites, how should we think about the incremental return from just boosting NOI versus just adding an additional use to a center?
Rick Sokolov: Hi, this is Rick, basically when we add an apartment or a hotel those stand on their own. It is a separate analysis. If there is some incremental benefit great, but we do not theoretically create any kind of incremental return based on adding more match or densifying in assets.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. So, Rick, is there like an incremental that we can expect or you guys expect or you dont underwrite but any way, shape or form?
Rick Sokolov: We do not underwrite that.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay.
David Simon: None. Zero. Dont give my guys any ideas.
Alexander Goldfarb: To sandbag the numbers? Never would cross our minds.
David Simon: No, dont give that, no, no, no dont give my development guys, when they come in and they want the project approved dont assume, theyll come in and say, its going to do this to the mall, we should improve that, forget it. It doesnt happen that way.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, thanks a lot.
David Simon: Yes, no worries.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carol Kemple with Hilliard Lyons. Please proceed.
Carol Kemple: Good morning.
David Simon: How are you?
Carol Kemple: Fine, have you all noticed any change within the last three months in your conversations with Sears and JCPenneys about buying some of the boxes back?
David Simon: No.
Carol Kemple: Okay. And then are there any new concepts that are coming into your malls or outlet centers that you are excited about that you can share?
David Simon: Well, here we go again, alright. So Rick, this is Rick. You love this part. So Rick, let her go. Okay, here we go. Here is a list.
Rick Sokolov: Unleashing the fear, in the Outlet sector every literally every month were finding more and more retailers that understand that this is a very valuable and profitable distribution channel. And so Jeff, Alice and Olivia, Citizens Watch, Jonathan Adler, [indiscernible] literally we could go on, but the answer is theres a great deal of new entrants into the outlet sector. Into the mall sector were Accolade and David T. Were doing NYX as a new concept from LOreal. And UNIQLO is very actively looking. And interestingly its is lost in the sauce, but L Brands is dramatically growing pink and Victorias Secret. So there is a lot of very good dynamic demand for our properties.
Carol Kemple: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Omotayo Okusanya: Hi yes, good morning, everyone.
David Simon: Good morning.
Omotayo Okusanya: I would like to kind of go back to the 2015 guidance and, again, the point of guidance relative to where consensus is. It sounds, based on your comments thats about 1% of earnings which is about $0.09 to $0.10 that is FX related. But Im wondering what else is in guidance that maybe we are not - maybe the Street is not fully appreciating which is why our numbers seem a little bit high? Is it, again, some of the working through of some of the retail bankruptcies that have happened that may
Andy Juster: Yes, I think I dont know what your comp NOI is and I also think a lot of it has to do in maybe how you are factoring in our development spend, because most of 2015 and a lot of 2016 is backend weighted. So weve got our share around 2.1. So I mean that that would be our only other gas, but Im sure Tom can walk you through how you are doing. But maybe you have a little bit higher comp NOI. I mentioned we are conservative on that number, because we are looking at a little bit higher bankruptcies than we look at last year. We obviously always try to do better, but our development spend tends to be back-end weighted, depending on how you factor that in and then obviously the currency delta from the Yen and the Euro is around $0.10 from 2014 to 2015. So you added up and, it is what it is.
Omotayo Okusanya: Got it. Could you just talk about in 2015 guidance what average occupancies baked into those numbers?
Andy Juster: Pretty consistent with what our 2014 showed. 
Omotayo Okusanya: Great, okay, thats helpful. And then in the supplemental when we just take a look at the development page, the Outlet - the yield on the Outlet business, on the Outlet development is up to 11% versus 9% previously. Is that just a mix change?
David Simon: Yes, Montreal was little lower yield and Tampa is much higher. Tampa we think will be a great outlet center. One of the - at the end of day, one of the leading outlet centers in the country, and it absolutely is that mix change.
Omotayo Okusanya: Great. And then lastly with Jersey Gardens, just curious what your thoughts are in regards to what NOI growth could look like once rents start to reset for a lot of the tenants?
Rick Sokolov: What we have, this is Rick, we have already set the base line overall in our NOI growth, and Jersey Gardens should be in excess of that once we start doing what we think can be done there and as David said, they did a great job before, were just now taking it to the next level and allocating space and bringing in incremental more productive tenants, thats going to drive rent and sales.
Omotayo Okusanya: Thats very helpful. Thank you gentlemen.
David Simon: Yes, no worries.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Vincent Chao: Hey, everyone. Just maybe thinking about the comp NOI guidance slightly differently. Just as we think about the 4% versus the 5.1% and also in light of the comments about higher levels of bankruptcies. I guess what would - and how much of the higher level of bankruptcies is sort of the difference between the 5.1% and the 4%?
Andy Juster: Well, look again that were factoring that in. And like I said last year we had - our business has certain level of volatility to it, not a lot, because well have to go sell our products at the start of every year like a lot other companies. So because we have mostly contractual rents, the big variability is on anticipated bankruptcy, the timing of which that occurs, when wed get it and then how long it takes us to lease it up. So and I said last year, Steve Broadwater, we projected, what was our NOI projection? 
Steve Broadwater: 4%.
Andy Juster: 4% we got 5.1%. So again were factor in that in, well see obviously, weve got variability to some extent, marginally on expenses. And we have certain variability on overage rent but we have long history of kind of modeling that, but it does create some variability. We also have a lot of redevelopment work where we are not necessarily taking out a comp. The big projects like Roswell Field and King of Prussia, and those, where were moving a lot of tenants around and the forum shops. Weve got Copley, I think Copley, if I remember from our budget sessions is going down $2 million this year really pissed me of in our budget meeting, because were retaining into a better group. But thats the nature, you got a re-tenant, you got to improve the mix, when youre bring in a better tenant they have a longer build out, all of that takes time. So we hope to do better, its not too shabby, we move on.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thanks. And then just one other question on the FX, I apologize if I missed it. The $0.10 headwind, what euro rate and yen rate is that based on?
Steve Broadwater: Its based upon our view of it over period of time. But this is really in comparison to 2014.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thank you.
Steve Broadwater: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Haendel St Juste: Good morning.
Rick Sokolov: How are you doing?
Haendel St Juste: So a few questions for you. First, David, on Klpierre, I was curious if you could help give us a broad sense of the magnitude of upside you think you might have there perhaps in terms of percentage of G&A expense, portfolio upgrading, closing evaluation gap with Univie [ph], just curious for your thoughts there.
David Simon: Well, its better that the management team, there does there. But I will say generally just for my perspective where theyve done a really good job over the last couple of years with our strategic help to continue to move in the right direction, smaller - reduce the smaller assets, focus more on the bigger ones, upgrade the marketing tenant mix, et cetera. I think Corio has got a better portfolio than a lot of people think. The integration there is a little bit complicated than it is say in the U.S. when it comes to integration because of the rules out there. Im going to grieve all the technicalities about it, but I think net, net over a period of time, there is great upside in running a better more efficient company with after the Corio mergers completed. And I would expect that that gap would continue to narrow, which it has dramatically, but well continue to narrow. And unlike I said I mean Im not. The most important thing this is great, but are you making money. Our net invest is up $850 million in two years, two and a half years and maybe its three years - okay, so, Im sorry, its three years. So - and I felt that theyve got upside to move forward.
Haendel St Juste: I appreciate that. And following-up on I guess some of the earlier stronger dollar questions clearly makes your purchasing power better overseas. I am wondering is that perhaps might make you more perhaps aggressively inclined on expanding your international portfolio?
David Simon: We only want to do it if we think we can make money. So I have no desire to expand international as we think its a profit opportunity for us.
Haendel St Juste: Fair enough. And then last one. Wondering how much of your energy costs are variable, just trying to get a sense of if there could be a positive impact to margins.
Andy Juster: Not really because we tend to charge that to the tenants. And so we just pass on that savings to them. To some extent, the share that we pay for ourselves will have an added benefit. Its not overly material.
Haendel St Juste: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. So just turning to your expenses, if I look at the trend just in operating expenses as a percent of your revenue has been trending down for a very long time which has helped obviously your expense recoveries and whatnot. And just curious is this a trend - I mean it is hard to imagine it going more favorable towards - versus the perhaps run rate. But given like rising expenses and rising taxes do we - where do you think this settles out? And how does that impact your expense recoveries going forward and maybe should we expect some kind of reversion to the mean at one point?
David Simon: No, I think, were always trying to improve our operating margins. So every once in a while there will be modest changes from year-to-year. Obviously in 2009 recession we took a very tough year that, now were still getting the comp NOI growth even though were less focused on that like we were in 2009, I shouldnt say less focus, but were not as - were not trying to wring every nickel out of it. We also have marketing expenses, customer relations - consumer relations expenses that were focused on doing. So there will be year-to-year variability to it, but were still trying to improve it.
Ki Bin Kim: So, if I - maybe I can ask it in a different way. For 2014 you ended with about 32%-33% operating expenses as a percent of rents. In your guidance are you implicitly modeling that stays flat or improves or reverts back?
David Simon: Relatively the same. 
Ki Bin Kim: Okay.
David Simon: Relatively flat.
Ki Bin Kim: And just last question. How do you compare the quality of - and I know there is different regions, but Klepierre with Corio versus a Macerich? How would you describe the quality between those two portfolios?
David Simon: Well, thats a good one. I mean, I would say its hard to necessarily compare one to the next. In Europe, the supply and demand is reasonably favorable, but on the other hand, the U.S. is really caught up on that front because there has been as we all know no new really full price development for number of years. So the occupancy costs are a little higher in Europe than they are - for a retailer than they are in the U.S. But I dont know, I have to get that little bit more thought. I dont necessarily - I look at more in that specific market as opposed to one country to another country. Its a little tougher comparison to do, but let me give us some thought.
Ki Bin Kim: Yes, I mean so the reason I ask that is when you have your choices of capital - where to deploy capital and you have Macerich trading at 4.5%, and I know if you take it further there is probably some operating margin you can pull out of it if you did take down the whole portfolio. And when I compare to maybe a Klepierre with Corio on quality, with that portfolio trading at maybe a 5% cap rate - and this is just rough math, by the way - or higher, how do you make that relative comparison in terms of where to deploy that capital?
David Simon: I mean the most important thing as you got a risk adjustment and you dont - in the U.S., you dont have currency risk. So as you can see, no one is really happy about our currency risk today. So I mean, I dont - Im not overly worried about it, but it is we do have a little bit of risk. The U.S. is a safer - we should give a higher return when we go outside of our natural boarders. That is slightly harder to underwrite. It is a little more complex. There are more rules and regulations to do what you want. Even though weve had a profound impact on Klpierre, we know U.S. investing better than we know outside U.S. investing. So you certainly would want a higher return anywhere outside the U.S. for those and other reasons. So in your question, you got a factor that into it. The rates there - I mean the rates there really, really attracted. So, if you can take into account the higher risk adjusted rate of return, you may have better, better investment opportunity. But at this point, we dont look at mutually exclusive: the U.S. or Europe or Asia. We like to look at each individual idea, more investment on its own and then stress test with our own corporate opportunities and our own internal opportunities and see what it means for the balance sheet and our management bandwidth.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Michael Mueller: Hi, just a quick one. What sort of yield are you looking at for the Clearfork development? And is there any update on any thoughts on plans for the Oyster Bay site?
David Simon: Clearfork will be - its not had been started construction, but we will outline that once we put it into service. So its not in our 8-K, yet, because we havent actually started construction. Were getting - its going to happen, but for finalizing our cost numbers and the leasing plan and all of that and should start in the next two months or so. So there is some great thing going on in the site now, but - so well let you know on that, but it will be attractive value enhancing return. And your Oyster Bay; Oyster Bay, I think will be a very active year. We have an unbelievable plan and vision of what we want to do with the properties. Were working now with the various town and the various agencies about going through the approval process. Im sure youll see more of that this year as it comes out, but weve actually developed the plan, a very unique lifestyle mixed use center that we think well have great appeal to ask financially as well as that all of the community groups there.
Michael Mueller: Okay, great. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Barclays. Please proceed.
Linda Tsai: Hi. How would you characterize holiday sales overall? Does the outcome say much to you about the underlying strength of the economy? And then also in the context of recent store closure announcements, I realized a lot of these retailers were already struggling, but how much of an impact did the holiday season have or were they likely to close anyways in your view?
David Simon: I think on the later question, the arch of the retailers that have already announced bankruptcy or closings was really beyond a given quarter at a given results in the holiday. They have been struggling for an extended period of time. In terms of the holiday sales, in some places they were stronger, some - the stronger retailers reported better sales, but there were a larger percentage that were weaker. But overall is the economy stronger, is the lower oil and gas prices putting some incremental disposable money into the consumers pocket, it is. Confidence is up. So overall, the macro factors are encouraging.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi I guess, good afternoon. Now this is getting a little long, so Ill try to be quick. If you could just comment on your capacity and interest in issuing more Euro denominated debt [indiscernible] is at 0.3%.
David Simon: Yes, good question, I think the answer is were going to seriously consider it, right Andy.
Andy Juster: Yes, absolutely, we always look at both currencies. Right now, we could issue 10 year Euro debt at under 1.5%, significantly under. So thats something well look at. And the basis play has become a lot more favorable in the last couple of months.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay, great, thanks. And then also just acknowledging that youve already spun off your lower tier [indiscernible] within the portfolio you have now. Could you just describe any differences between tenant productivity and your top-tier versus lower-tier centers and also tenant interest?
David Simon: Within our - the existing SPG portfolio after spend?
Caitlin Burrows: Thats correct.
David Simon: I would say not dramatically different in terms of tenant demand. I mean, sure the top 20 centers always are going to have somewhat more demand than the next 20, but generally, nothing no great variation there.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Great thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Rich Moore: Hey, guys good afternoon. I wanted to just make sure I understood - the redevelopment pipeline you guys have right now is pretty much completed in 2015 and 2016. But then as you look forward, what kind of annual spend in redevelopment do you think youll have as you go out to 2017, 2018, et cetera?
David Simon: Well, Rich the 2.1% is directly from our 8-K and that is only projects that are actually started and then corporately approved through our approval process. So for instance, it doesnt include Clearfork yet, it doesnt include Oyster Bay, it doesnt include Copley, it doesnt include the whole host of other deals. So the number that weve kind of said generally was around $1 billion a year. For the foreseeable future, and I still, Rich, would generally say thats probably a pretty good number.
Rich Moore: Okay, good. So you feel comfortable with that. That is great. Thank you. And then I also wanted to ask usually early in the year, maybe by the middle of the year, youve pretty much covered a lot of the leasing, Rick, that is going to happen for the year. So 2015 by middle of the year would pretty much be handled. And I am curious with occupancy as high as it is, is that moving up? I mean are you done with more leasing at this point in the year for 2015 than you might normally be?
Rick Sokolov: We are ahead this year over last year. Were about 65% through our renewals in 2015. And weve obviously made a major focus on getting as far out ahead of it as we can. So we can be responsive. And because our occupancy is higher, those tenants that are looking for space understand that if they dont commit someone else is going to get the space. So that obviously is also encouraging people to accelerate there, just as you making as well.
Rich Moore: Okay, good, got you. So normally this time of year you would be maybe half done, something like that or less?
Rick Sokolov: Yes.
Rich Moore: Okay. Good thank you guys.
David Simon: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott ODonnell with MetLife. Please proceed.
Scott ODonnell: Yes, hi, good afternoon and Ive got a quick question. You guys have been a great steward of the balance sheet for bondholders. I guess I have to ask the question, why the commercial paper program? How does that make sense from a strategic standpoint? And can you explain the strategy around exposing yourself to the short-term money markets?
David Simon: Well, Scott we go back, its handy. We go back for long time. As you know weve got a 70 billion equity market cap, its less than 1% of our total market cap and it helps us. One of the things were looking at is as we significantly want to roll down our debt cost we have a huge opportunity over the next two years as our average interest rate is about 5.65% on the $5 billion of debt it comes to. It allows us to look at potentially one prepaying some of our secure debt where we can borrow at was at 15 basis points to 16 basis points and there is absolutely no risk. It also diversifies our investor base. Weve had significant strong investors and there is really no risk because it is like in the olden days, as you know, when we used to have the banks fit on a competitive bid line now we just replace that with as you know commercial paper. And the regulations in the market is far, far different than it was five, ten years ago. So we had no problem. We started in October, there were some volatile market s. We had absolutely no problem rolling over any of our, if you would, euro paper or our USD paper and its again something in a small way that were going to continue to do and to be proactive and opportunistic.
Scott ODonnell: So I get that. So you are viewing it more from a transactional flexibility standpoint rather than a strategic part of your capital structure because I think we have talked over the years about this. You guys have long-term assets and you tend to want to fund them long-term, right?
Rick Sokolov: And yes, absolutely and thats why we significantly increased our average weighted term as we reduced the rate and that will continue to be the case.
David Simon: Okay.
Scott ODonnell: Thank you.
David Simon: I think any other questions operator?
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would now
David Simon: Thank you, Maam. Thank you everybody. Have a healthy New Year, happy New Year and well talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you for joining todays conference. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Ward - Vice President of Investor Relations David E. Simon - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Stephen E. Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President 
Analysts: Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ross L. Smotrich - Barclays Capital, Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2014 Simon Property Group , Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sarah, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Ward, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Thomas Ward: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning, and welcome to Simon Property Group's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Tom Ward, Vice President, Investor Relations. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Also on the call are Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer; Andy Juster, current Treasurer and incoming Chief Financial Officer; and Liz Zale, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that maybe accurate only as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Also due to the completion of the Washington Prime spin-off in the second quarter, we are providing operating statistics in our supplemental 8-K for the prior year period to show performance on a comparable basis excluding the Washington Prime properties. For our prepared remarks, I'm pleased to introduce David Simon.
David E. Simon: Okay, thanks. Good morning. We had a productive quarter. We opened 2 new Premium Outlets in Charlotte and the Twin Cities, and in Minnesota nearly 100% leased. They're both off to a great start. We successfully tendered and redeemed approximately $1.6 billion of notes. And we currently issued $1.3 billion of new notes, which extended our average duration and reduced our weighted average interest cost. And we became the first U.S. REIT to establish a global commercial paper program. We agreed to buy 2 high quality assets from the recently announced WP Glimcher deal with great growth opportunities. And most important, we continue to produce strong and operating and financial performance, both industry-leading. Now let me talk about the results. FFO reported was $1.90 per share. For those of you who updated your estimates to include the $0.35 per share charge related to our tender offers and redemption, the $1.90 exceeded the consensus by $0.05 per share. On a comparable basis, excluding the charge related to the debt distinguishment in the third quarter and the operating results from the WP properties in the prior year period, FFO diluted per share increased 14.2% year-over-year to $2.25, from $1.97 or $0.28 in total. And on the same basis, it's been increased 14.5% year-over-year to $6.48 from $5.66. Overall business conditions remain favorable driving increases in our key operating metrics and cash flow. We continue to see strong demand for space across the portfolio. Occupancy increased across the portfolio. Leasing activity is healthy. The Mall and Premium Outlets recorded releasing spreads of $9.67, an increase of 17% comp. NOI increased 5.3% in the third quarter, 5.4% year-to-date, again industry-leading. And over 95% of our domestic NOI is included in our comp NOI calculation. Total sales in our portfolio increased 2.8% in the third quarter compared to last year, and increased 2.6% for the trailing 12 months even with major redevelopment occurring at several of our Premier properties. These results are a testament to the strength of our assets and their locations and the ability to once again continue to execute new development. As I mentioned, Charlotte and Twin Cities, both opened July 31 and August 14, respectively. Premium Outlets in Montral will open in October 30. We expect that to be another great deal, very similar to what we built in Toronto, which is doing well, doing great. Construction continues on new Premium Outlet developments in Vancouver, and in Southern New Jersey's Gloucester Township, where the center will serve the Greater Philly area, both high-quality major markets. In Canada, a year from now, we will have centers in 3 of the best markets Toronto, Montral and Vancouver. And we started construction just recently on 2 new Premium Outlets in 2 great markets, Tucson and Tampa, and both scheduled to open in October of '15. And we'll continue to focus our outlet projects in major and selective markets, where we know there's a clear demand from the retailers that matter and provide solid returns to our shareholders. Redevelopment, just quickly. We opened a residential complex [indiscernible] We also opened Nordstrom and additional square footage at St. Johns Town Center and a new Bloomingdale's at Stanford Shopping Center. We also announced plans for the addition of luxury residence and an AC Hotel by Marriott to Phipps Plaza to open in -- both open early 2016 and construction for the residence will commence tomorrow. Additions to these mixed use will make our great real estate even better, and continue to make our centers the places to be from shopping, to dining, to living. Redevelopment expansions. Projects are ongoing at 31 properties across all 3 of our platforms in the U.S., Asia and Mexico, which expand and has enhanced some of the most productive properties. We started construction on 2 expansions, one at Livermore Premium Outlets in the Bay Area, that will add 185,000 square feet and is expected to open in August of 2015 and an expansion of The Colonnade at Sawgrass, expected to open December 2015 that will bring 56,000 of high-end luxury retailers to this productive mill center. And as a reminder, construction continues on major redevelopment expansion projects at some of our most productive mall properties, including but not limited to, Roosevelt Fields, Houston Galleria, Stanford Shopping Center and our Premium Outlets, including Woodbury, Las Vegas North and Chicago. When you put it all together, we have a total committed spend of $2.2 billion over the next 3 years all committed to, and all under way. Now turning to acquisitions. We signed a definitive agreement to acquire Jersey Gardens and University Park Village, concurrent with the closing of the Glimcher acquisition by WPG. We're excited to add these 2 great properties to our portfolio, when the deal closes in early 2015. We're also pleased with our investment in Klpierre. And as their largest shareholder, we're excited for them and their proposed transaction to acquire Corio. Both of these transactions will be accretive to SPG's earnings. And again, demonstrate our industry-leading creativity to find unique opportunities. Capital Markets, again, very busy. I told you about the $1.3 billion notes. And we retired average duration of 1.7 that were at interest rates of 5.6%. We also redeemed another $250 million of notes at 7.875% coupon rate. Concurrently, we issued $1.3 billion of notes with an average duration of 16 years and an average coupon of 3.6.4%. This takes our senior notes from 6.3 duration to 7.6 duration and lowers our average interest rate from 4.64% to 4.4%. In addition, as I mentioned, we are the first U.S. REIT to establish a global unsecured commercial paper program. We received an A1/P1 rating from S&P and Moody's, respectively. The program has $500 million. We can issue CP in dollars and euros. And in fact, we already have. So we placed $100 million of U.S. CP, which we are borrowing at LIBOR plus 0 to 2 basis points. And our euro LIBOR, we also placed EUR 100 million at a Euro-LIBOR rate of 0 to 7 basis points. That compares to our revolving credit of 80 basis points above LIBOR. We announced our dividend of $1.30 an increase of 8%, including the November dividend, we will pay to Simon shareholders $5.15 in '14, which is an increase of 10.8% compared to, what, 2013, and does not include the dividend that if you've maintained your WP investment which is, essentially, on a share adjusted basis of $0.50 per share. We expect to raise our dividend again, of course, subject to board approval in the first quarter of 2015. Guidance. We raised our guidance to a range of $8.84 to $8.88 per share. The midpoint of this raised range is an increase of $0.15, from our prior guidance, after given effect of the charge related to the debt extinguishment. Now, let me take a deep breath, because obviously there's a lot going on. I wanted to just give you a real brief update on management team. When we announced Steve Sterrett's retirement early this year, we also said that we would source both internal and external candidates for the CFO job and that Steve would remain the CFO through 2014. We then announced our current [ph] Treasurer, Andy, would become our new CFO. Since Andy's announcement, Andy, Steve and the rest of our financial service team who, by the way, have on average of 20 years of experience with SPG, have paved the way for a smooth transition. And since that transition is now complete, effective in December, Andy will become our CFO and Brian McDade, now our Assistant Treasurer will become our Treasurer. Steve, will be available to us as needed for specific tasks. So summing it up, we had a great third quarter. We expect a strong year end. And of course we're very focused on continuing to enhance the value of our properties. And we're open for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christy McElroy from Citi.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Michael is on the line with me as well. David, just to follow up on your comments around opening outlets centers in major markets. In buying a center like Jersey Gardens, in what type of markets do you think indoor outlet type of concept could work? And can you also provide you, mostly thoughts around the growing number of outlet centers and stores opening [indiscernible] what that means for [indiscernible] the outlook versus the overall in terms of future obsolescence?
David E. Simon: Well, Jersey Gardens is, we consider it more of a Mills as opposed to an outlet center. It was essentially modeled after The Mills. So it appeals to broad consumer base, but it's got the entertainment, it's got the big boxes. It does have a smattering of pure outlet retailers. But I wouldn't -- Christie, I wouldn't consider that an outlet center, so to speak. You're -- unfortunately, we did have a not such a good connection on your question. But I think you mentioned about the potential about outlets coming closer to major metropolitan marketplaces, is that -- was that the question?
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. Yes, and what that means for obsolescence, future obsolescence of existing outlets?
David E. Simon: Well, look, outlet business is very competitive. We have a good portfolio. Our results speak for themselves and I think we'll continue to be able to grow our comp NOI and our portfolio. I think in all of retail real estate, you can never stand still. You've got to invest in the products. You've got to make it better. Whether its outlets, full-priced, lifestyle, et cetera, that's what we're all about. That's what we're grounded in. Our -- we focus on lease-by-lease, market-by-market, deal-by-deal and we'll -- we live in a very competitive market. We'll continue to hopefully do well.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: David, it's Michael Bilerman speaking. There's an echo I guess, when we're asking the question. I don't know if that's partially why you may have cranking.
David E. Simon: Sorry about that. We'll check in to see if we can change that by the time the call is done.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: No worries. So I also have a question on global. Obviously -- you have Klpierre 2.5 years ago, you went into -- you're leveraging Klpierre now effectively to buy Corio and consolidate in Europe. You've McArthurGlen that you've made an investment in. You obviously have the outlet business that you're growing internationally. All the Australian journalists think that they've spotted your plane in Australia which you denied. We just had a doubt there. And then, just I'm curious, how much time are you spending U.S. versus non-U.S.? As you think about the growth of Simon, how important is that international aspect going to be?
David E. Simon: You mean me, personally?
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. From -- as strategic growth initiatives. How much time are you spending outside the U.S. versus inside U.S.?
David E. Simon: Well, look, generally, roughly our outlet business represents 10% of our -- from Asia to Europe to McArthurGlen. So let's say it's around 10%.
Ross L. Smotrich - Barclays Capital, Research Division: International.
David E. Simon: I'm sorry, our international business. And honestly, other than -- where you had the episodic nature of deals, I would tell you that I work very hard and don't feel sorry for me okay? But, so I would say to you that generally, other than episodes of deal making, I spend around the same amount of time. But we have a great team in our international. I have added a colleague that you probably haven't met that's done an unbelievable job to relieve the [indiscernible]. But I wouldn't say it's abnormally different than what the international business represents in terms of our investment. At the end of the day, we haven't made a huge -- the good news is we're in the money and everything that we've done. But when you put it in the scheme of our roughly $90 billion asset base, we haven't made this huge unbelievable bet internationally. And I spend roughly 10% of my time.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. And I was thinking more. So into the future whether that's changed at all and we see that percentage go up in well [ph] quarter of the company or 30% or 40% of the company.
David E. Simon: Well, I think the -- given that what we're doing in the U.S., it's not -- that's probably not likely in any short- or medium-term horizon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omotayo Okusanya from Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question on the development and redevelopments. This seems like -- with the supplements for this quarter that released, the yield on expected development and redevelopments came down slightly for the mall redevelopments [indiscernible]
David E. Simon: I'm glad you're very perceptive. And I'm glad you asked the question. So King of Prussia is now a go-deal, it's a big deal. And it did drop our redevelopment yield a little bit because it's -- I know you grow accustomed to Simon having 10% returns on every deal we do, sometimes a little lower. But it's still very accretive when you look at where that property is valued today. But we don't hand out or give out returns. So that -- but that, it is a major development, redevelopment, I should say, and that did lower the return. On the outlets side, I'd say 2 things: we've taken out Charlotte and Minneapolis; we've added Tucson and Tampa. Charlotte and Minneapolis were very high double digits. Tucson and Charlotte -- I'm sorry, Tucson and Tampa are on average 11. The others were higher than that. So when you bring that 2 together, it dropped it a touch. Now I will say to this, we're very conservative on our new development, both Tucson and Tampa are double digits. But the way they're coming in and the other 2 that are coming out, dropped it, oh, so small.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's really more of a mix...
David E. Simon: Let me be perfectly clear. We have no execution issue. We have no cost overrun. It's just the mix, changed by the addition of the plaza, the King of Plaza, and then the 2 outlets opened and the 2 new ones coming in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Morgan from MLV.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: The re-leasing spreads is also just fixed on a bid . I mean, I know there's some noise. But you've kind of been in an upward trend and it is a rolling 12. So I just wanted to maybe get any comments on spreads, your outlook for them, whether the changes and -- whether the sales volatility has had any impact? And that's the question.
David E. Simon: Well, look, it wasn't that long ago, say, less than a year ago where the spreads we're 14%, 15%. So I will just tell you, from our standpoint we are pleased with basically having 9, 9.5-plus-dollar spread. And 17% -- I mean, I wouldn't -- we have to look at this a little bit on a longer-term basis. So I would say, we're very pleased with 17. It's higher than it was a year ago. Yes, it this a little bit lower than the Q1 and Q2. I certainly wouldn't overreact on that on any basis. The re-leasing spreads are driving our industry-leading 5.4% year-to-date comp NOI growth. And we're -- we are executing this in a clearly, a cautious consumer oriented environment. And obviously last year, the consumer shut down a little bit because of weather, this, that and the other things. So I'm pleased, I'm happy. And I think we're executing very well. We're going through our -- in terms of how we look at that next year, very simple, as you know, we've been doing this 20 years. We had the pleasure of starting November 10, I believe, going through each and every mall, lease-by-lease, deal-by-deal, which rolls into our plan which we'll share with you in early next year. And so until that's done, I don't have a prediction about what our spreads will be other than we continue to believe we're -- our rollovers are under market [indiscernible] in the future growth of our business industry-leading opportunities, in my opinion has been reinforced by year-after-year-after-year of continual unabated outperformance.
Richard S. Sokolov: The only thing that I would also add is that our occupancy cost remains very moderate, which shows you that we still have plenty of room to grow those rents.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes. Paul, this is Steve. I'll just add one thing. If you look at our 8-K, over the last 8 quarters we've consistently signed new leases between $63 and $67 a foot, and if you look at our lease expiration schedule you can see that they're still in the mid-40s for the next several years. So we still feel very good about marketing the expiring leases to market.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Yes, I know you haven't giving guidance, but that kind of high teens number is -- there's no reason to think that that's not sustainable it's not maybe potential upside.
David E. Simon: Well, look, we -- we're -- I know you're, Paul you're smart and you want us to talk about next year. We have tremendous confidence in our business and our platform and the thing that I would have you rely on is what we've done year-after-year. And as I said to you, we'll share our guidance early next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Spector from Bank of America.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm also here with Craig, who will have a question after me. My question was just focused on Sears' decision to lease space to Primark. Also, Amazon's announcement to open a store in New York City, we've been getting a lot of incoming calls, questions on those announcements, and what that could mean. If you could just provide some thoughts on those announcements and maybe where you think things continue with Sears in their leasing efforts?
David E. Simon: Well let me -- I'll have -- I'll give you 2 quick top of the head remarks and then I'll let Rick add whatever he wants. Look, on Amazon, leasing space, I'm not -- it's, all the details aren't out, but there's clearly a benefit for the overused word, omnichannel bricks and clicks, however you want to describe it, there's a real benefit. In fact, it's very interesting when I see Sears as a online retailer, depending on which study you look at. I mean, they're anywhere from -- they're clearly in the top 10. They may be as high as #5. And I would argue it's because of their physical presence that allows them to be so important in the online presence. And you've heard it from retailers that the synergy between having the physical and the online presence and now the move toward mobile, and how its all been integrated. So -- and clearly, we've seen a number of pure online retailers going to physical stores. So the -- it's got to be in the equation for a retailer to have a physical presence. I don't think there's any question in that. And as our retailers have gotten more sophisticated in the online world, I think that's going to play to our benefit. On the Sears leasing, we have one that we've consented to in King of Prussia. That was part of their agreement to consent to our ability to expand the 2 centers. We worked very collectively to do that. I think Sears would be the first to tell you that in certain markets and certain stores they don't underperform, or in fact they have too much space. And they will look to release some of that space or sell some of the real estate. We still think they have a physical presence that's going to be important to them. And we'll continue to work with them on a collaborative basis that meets our needs, and our shoppers' needs and theirs. And we expect to, at the end of the day, for both of us to benefit from that.
Richard S. Sokolov: And what I would add is that focusing on the Primark side, they're a highly productive iconic retailer in Europe and the U.K. We have been working with them for over 6 months. We have already visited them at their headquarters and toured their stores, where they operate. And we're very excited about their entry into the U.S. We anticipate that there will hopefully be several other opportunities, both within our portfolio or others Sears stores, which they have already alluded too. And I would also point out that we got involved with Primark early on as our Klpierre team already had a preexisting relationship with them.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Craig has one question.
David E. Simon: We've all concluded that we are all just [indiscernible] so we just want to go on record for that. Alright?
Richard S. Sokolov: Us too.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I was just going to ask what were some of the take aways from your shopping block events? And just maybe some general thoughts on the millennials in the malls.
David E. Simon: Well, look I think, they're an important customer base. I think they represent a unique opportunity for us. The millennials represent a bigger population than the baby boomers. So it's very important for us to connect with them, the way they want to be connected. I think they like mall shopping. And we're going to experiment and do lots of things oriented around them to continue to make them an important consumer base, in our properties. But we're not going to ignore the baby boomers either because they have a lot to spend. So I think as millennials get older and we can continue to offer them entertainment, restaurant and the right retailers in that -- in the properties, and connect with them the way they want to be connected, it's a great opportunity for us. Rick, do you want to add anything?
Richard S. Sokolov: The only thing I would say to echo David's point, the research that we've done has shown that the millennials are, in fact, very supportive of the mall channel and are very much focused on going on there. And so it's a natural thing for us to try and exploit and enhance.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was also noticing, you used 2 outlets to do the initial rollout, with Refinery29. How did those go?
David E. Simon: Very well. So that relationship is early, but I'd say generally we're very pleased. We're creating buzz in that whole marketplace. And are -- along those lines, Craig, we're making some initial investments in early-stage companies to really to enhance the environment. But, I think, all the good news is that there is a lot that we can do to enhance our environments and we are as committed as anyone to do that. We've got the balance sheet, the capital the -- hopefully, the creativity and the willingness to take risk to do that which all companies, I think, need to be in this position to do. It would be easy for us to rest on our industry-leading growth. But as you know us very well, that is not in our DNA. And so, we're going to do it from marketing, to leasing, to development and everywhere in between.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Rosivach from Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is actually Caitlin Burrows. Retailers have been open about the needs for a physical presence to showcase, even though much of their sales are generated online. Can you talk about how you capture the economic value of a store that doesn't necessarily run through that store's cash register?
David E. Simon: Well, look, there's -- it's -- that's -- in our leases, even if it's done in the store but fulfilled online that's part of our sales. That's not really too much of an issue. And I think for all physical retailers the important -- and even with their online business, they have a multiplier effect, that's very important, that they see when they have a physical presence with their online consumers. And they can describe it in great detail on it. And it's anywhere from 3x to 4x. So the convergence is there. It's happening. And the good news is our retailers are combating effectively the pure online retailer. And the online retailer understands for them to, beyond the first mover advantage that someone like Amazon had, in order for them to really grow their business, I think and many, many believe, they need to have a physical presence because of the way it's moved to mobile and the way it's -- the multiplier effect that the omnichannel world is presenting itself in. So that bears, I think, extremely well for us in creating the next wave of retailers. We don't -- we see that just beginning. So, the -- the interesting thing is, the online retailers have still got this unbelievable advantage and we see it ourselves in [indiscernible]Nexus. And giving that benefit, even though they should be collecting that used tax instead of sales tax, but taking advantage of that benefit that the consumer's not necessarily are entitled to. As that has begun to swing, because a lot of them have Nexus now with warehouses and the like. As that has balanced, that's going to level the playing field, obviously, it would be great. We can get Congress to level that playing field which they should be doing, that I think that's going to reinforce the advantages of bricks and mortar. Because at the end of the day, when you're looking to shop, the mobile device or even the desktop really can't present the goods and services that are available with that retailer that a physical environment can. Yes, they can save you the sales or use tax, yes, they may have an advantage in convenience, which is slowly being dealt with by our retailers through pickup-in-store, ship from store, but once that's sales tax, use tax advantage is eliminated, which I think it will be through Nexus for the government, we'll see that. I think our retailers can be really damn competitive.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just on the topic of equal playing field. So Amazon now charges sales tax in 23 states. And what else is remaining to be on topic of tax parity? Is there anything that you guys are doing?
David E. Simon: Well, we're trying. But there are roadblocks in Congress and we're not here to complain about the government, believe me. But we just want a level complaint -- level playing field and then the consumer is going to make that choice, but they shouldn't be -- they -- and we should let the states decide how they want to deal with it, but it should be level. And at the end of the day, the best retailer, the best mall operator will come out ahead. I think it's got to be level, it's just not right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So a couple of quick questions. First, about going back to the Sears topic. If Sears decides to lease their space -- sublease their space on their own, do you guys generally have veto power or do other anchors at the center have veto power and is there any chance that you can partake on the upside assuming they granted us prior money anything upside [indiscernible].
David E. Simon: Well, there's 2 questions there. We certainly have substantial ability to control what Sears can do with their stores based on existing leases or reciprocal easement agreements, so that is, yes. With respect to the upside, to the extent the transaction is being done by Sears within their store, with their capital, it's their transaction, but we certainly benefit in a position like where you're adding a Primark in or a Dick's in King of Prussia, that certainly will strengthen our overall offering for our shoppers, but not financially if it's being done inside the Sears store with Sears capital.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Do other anchors have a stake?
David E. Simon: It depends on the documents and depends on the scope of what Sears is contemplating with their building.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just last question for me. On Klpierre, if I understand the deal correctly, it's going to be a full stock deal, between Klpierre and Koreo [ph] which would in effect dilute your equity stake from the 29% roughly to sub-20%. And I'm sure you'll let me know if I got this wrong. Any thoughts on re-upping your equity stake in Klpierre?
David E. Simon: Well, you don't have it wrong, but I'm not going to answer that question. We like the investment. It's been a very good investment for us. We think as a reference shareholder and as -- and being on the board, we've added real value and we are in a -- obviously, we do believe in the merger or acquisition of Koreo [ph], and we support it and we believe that scale in our business is really important because it -- on all sorts of fronts, capital, retailer relationships, ability to invest in the consumer experience, et cetera. So we're optimistic that, that investment will continue to be good for us and grow in value. But I really can't tell you about whether or not, going forward, we'll increase our stake. But we're pleased and we think there is still opportunity going forward with our investment in Klpierre.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I mean, the reason I asked is it seems [indiscernible].
David E. Simon: I understand.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: [indiscernible]
David E. Simon: And I hope you understand why I couldn't answer it.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: No, I got that. It just seems like a nice area where we could put maybe $1.5 billion of additional capital at a very attractive -- well roughly a cost capital for a very attractive yield. So that's why I asked.
David E. Simon: Yes. It was in the yield on our investment in Europe in both at Klpierre and McArthurGlen and in Asia they have been fantastic. I mean, they've been yields so -- and that's what helped drive our industry-leading growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Goldfarb from Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Steve, congrats on the even earlier retirement. So a question on Japan, I mean, I try to channel my inner David Harris. If we read the headlines correctly, retail sales in Japan have been impacted because of the increase in sales tax and yet your productivity over there is actually up year-over-year. So is it just a nuance of when the tax hit or is there a difference going on from what the newspapers are reporting versus what's going on at your outlets?
David E. Simon: Well, I think our outlets are just so uniquely positioned and with the increase in VAT -- there, clearly, you have some forward spending and then it did have an initial monthly impact, but then it's kind of leveled back. I just think the consumer there is going to look for even more value given the higher VAT rates. So we just have a unique portfolio that will continue to perform, but it's affected retail sales generally, but it's really good to be in the value space there with great product and a great retailer line up. But don't kid yourself. I mean, when you increase your VAT, you're going to affect consumption. We're just a little bit better positioned to deal with it than some other property types.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then as far as the Sears transaction goes, did the fact that Ed [ph] is going direct with retailers, does this sort of indicate that basically the gap is too wide versus what he thinks his boxes are worth and what the mall landlords think it's worth and therefore, he's just going direct or do you think that we will see some more trades? Because it would seem like the value of his boxes is maximized if you guys can get control of it and do what you want to do with it versus him doing something with it?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I keep -- look, there is a long -- we've had a, let's see, 50-some-odd year relationship with Sears through a lot of ups and downs and good times and so on. We expect to continue to have a excellent relationship. I don't think any thing is off the table, buying, selling, leasing, subleasing, working cooperatively, nothing's off the table there. Again, I think the market wants to take one scenario, extrapolate it, I appreciate that. Just like they want to take one Amazon space. It's in fact, they're doing it and extrapolate it. I don't think you're going to extrapolate anything like that. And we will -- they were -- on the Primark of King of Prussia given where they are situated in the mall and what they had already done with the one level which we cooperated, and we felt like Primark would be a very good replacement where they're situated plus we needed their cooperation. What we are trying to accomplish and it happened to be that we were absolutely aligned and that set of circumstances, and we think we created a win-win. Now I would expect given the 55-year history that we'll continue to find those kind of situations with Sears in most cases.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa from ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to just follow up on the Primark situation. We understand in Europe and London, there are kind of primarily 35,000-foot boxes. And I think the initial 7 they're taking much larger footprint. So I know you haven't announced direct deals with them, but do you anticipate or would you envision sort of more Sears sublease space? Or do you actually think you could do direct deals with them? And would you envision them kind of being an in-line tenant if [indiscernible]?
David E. Simon: No, and obviously I won't. It'll depend upon the set of circumstances. And just because the King of Prussia is one deal that we consented to doesn't necessarily mean that, that's going to be the model on all the others. So Steve, like I said, it's going to be a case-by-case scenario. I would be -- if their model is a success here, which certainly by every indication of the presence they have in Europe, you would potentially anticipate, but others have come here and have not done as well, but let's -- if it is, then I think it'll be a combination of all the above where there will be some consent with Sears on subleases, we'll lease directly. We'll redevelop pads and the like. It's all going to depend upon the set of circumstances that present itself from that property.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, part of your first answer got cut off. So I apologize if I didn't hear the whole thing. Just in terms of kind of the type of tenent they are, the price points, do you envision that they could sort of fit into a large part of the portfolio? Or do you see them in different kind of segments within the portfolio?
David E. Simon: Well, they're certainly not a luxury. So our higher-end properties probably not a great fit, but I'm going to wait and see and see how what their store looks like in the U.S., how they're -- what kind of consumer they're delivering and we'll go from there. In that King of Prussia was relatively a simple decision for us because of where that Sears box is and I think again, it's going to be dependent upon the circumstances. And I hope you can hear [ph]. I guess we're having serious problems with our communication, but I hope you can hear it, Steve.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: No, I did. And just last question. In terms of kind of the home delivery [ph] how was that sort of progressed with mall lease in general? Are there changes you're making for this upcoming holiday season and just kind of what's been early I guess maybe coming up on one year? How do you think that system and service were working?
David E. Simon: Well, the lift is one of -- just one of our efforts along those lines. I think, we're pleased as a group. They've signed up a couple of major, major retailers. And they're starting to do shipping this holiday season. And I do think, over time, there clearly is going to be the ability to deliver or pick up a lot of mall goods at the mall environment. And I think we're, as an industry and individually, we're just scratching the surface there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy [indiscernible] from EBS Security.
Unknown Analyst: Most of my questions have been answered. Just one quick one, it looks like you sold an asset this quarter and recorded a close to $80 million gain, just any color on that sale?
David E. Simon: No, just a couple of assets that didn't fit the portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste from Morgan Stanley.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: David, I wanted to get updated read from you on the upcoming holiday season. You like some of your peers noted last quarter that consumers are in a bit of a cautious state. How would you assess that mood today? And in conjunction with that, I'd love to hear your thoughts on how this year's back-to-school shopping season materialize your expectations. And what you read on the consumer pulse today and your expectation for the approaching holiday season.
David E. Simon: Simplistically, consumer, I believe, is -- continues to be somewhat cautious. The good news is, there's an environment, where I think, at some point in the near future, they will be less cautious, lower oil or lower gas prices, better job environment. Hopefully, wage growth, continuation of lower interest rates, just some of those out there. But they're still cautious. And that's how we're planning, so we're running our business. I don't like -- I am not equipped to make a forecast on the holiday season. Others might, I will not. There's lots of forecasters out there on the holiday season. The ones that I see are generally feel like it's going to be a [indiscernible] last year. Weather, hopefully, won't replicate itself the way it was, longer season, to name a couple, but I don't -- I'm not in that business.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Care to share any comments on this year's back-to-school shopping season?
David E. Simon: The -- I think it was generally spotty. I mean, I think, it was certainly wasn't robust, and I think it still represented the cautious consumer.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And just one or two things here. First, at the recent Jersey Gardens and UPV acquisitions will hit the same store in 1Q '16. And then any color on the lease termination fees? I was wondering if there are any other nonrecurring items in the quarter beyond because it looks like $0.02 of our lease termination fees and the debt prepayment charges.
David E. Simon: Typically, on Jersey Gardens, they wouldn't be in our comp NOI for '16, that's correct. And, look, listen. We've got -- given it's complicated, we are a big company. So we're always going to have other income that could be higher or lower quarter-to-quarter, same thing on the expense side. The -- but as far as I can -- having examined the financials, extremely closely, nothing jumps out at me. Lease income, lease settlement income, probably in the scheme of the total years. It's not all that different than some other previous years. It does ebb and flow. We've always got a little bit of extra income here and an extra expense, year in and year out given the nature of our business. But nothing to highlight frankly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I've question about, I guess, I call the value proposition of SPG Asset Management. If you were to benchmark the in-place rents to the 2 malls that you are buying from Glenshire [ph] to similar malls that you already own. What do you think the delta is at revenue or NOI per square foot that you could realize under your management? It there a way to estimate or quantify that for us?
David E. Simon: Well, a very good question, Jeff. I would say to you generally, we don't buy any asset if we don't feel like we can improve it. And there's -- so that's kind of a thing that we have regardless of what we do, whether it's new development, redevelopment or importantly, acquisitions. What can we do to beat the growth rate that may exist. If that asset is -- just sits there unowed [ph], but the fact of matter is, I'm not going to give you a number on that. I mean, I -- people are, again, not to put this in context, but Sawgrass is a unique animal, but when we took it over, I remember the numbers more or less correctly. It was around $55 million of NOI. And next year, we did add a little bit of space here and there and stuff but next year, generally, I think it's going to do around 130-ish. Now we haven't gone lease-by-lease. There we might skip lease-by-lease because it could take us 3 days. But I think the fact that we were able to do that, not only helps our investors, but also helps the consumers and the retailers because I think they did a lot more business with it in our hands. So we invested more in it, we drove the tourism. We've got better retailers. We've got more consumers. The retailers did more business and everybody was copacetic even though Mills have done a good job at $55 million or whatever the rough number was. So, we think, we can drive more traffic to Jersey Gardens though I firmly believe Glenshire [ph] has done a great job with that asset. So that we're experts in tourism. It's right by Newark Airport. I think we can figure out how to get a few more buses from Newark to go to Jersey before they go to -- Rick and I will flag them ourselves if we have to make the numbers work.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Maybe, Steve, that could be your next career move. Actually, a follow up also, David, as it relates to the products you're looking at Copley Place in Boston there's a lot residential product in the pipeline in Boston for sale, as well as for rent. Does that give you any pause with proceeding on that project? Or are you sort of passed the point of no return? Or are you not as concerned about it?
David E. Simon: Well, we're always focused on supply. We are not passed the point of no return. And we're still working on approval rights, both within the appropriate agencies in Boston, but also, we have to work through some of the retailer issues. So we are not at the point of no return and we studied the supply [indiscernible] similarly. And it's going to be a gut check decision here, I would say, Jeff, in the next 3 or 4 months. Generally, we still feel very, very confident about it, but that the -- this is a little bit different than what we've done historically, as you might imagine. We are really good experts on supply, understanding supply and retail, what's going to get done, what's going to have an impact in competitive world, very competitive world in retail. This one is a little bit different. We hired a couple of great experts to do comp lease. And we've got the in-house expertise. We also obviously hired the right people in Boston to help us go through that exercise, but it's a good question. It's going to be a gut check time, but we have not passed the point of no return. And, as you know, in real estate, whether it's office, retail, whatever, there's always announcements of some supply. The real question is what gets built and who gets there first and who's got staying power. I will tell you this, it's an iconic asset, it's only getting better. The design is fantastic. Boston is a great long-term city and that Lord I hope -- we have staying power. So we've got a lot of stuff on our side of the equation that gives us confidence that if we do pull the trigger, we will execute.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And maybe just a last question for Rick. I know you touched on spreads and on sympathetic to looking at it over long-term. But someone had asked earlier about the pullback in the dollar spread and that came back a little bit slightly this quarter. Is that just a function of mix maybe in the quarter? Or was there any kind of pushback from retailers in light of the softer retail sales?
Richard S. Sokolov: There really has been no pushback from the retailers in terms of their demand. And it's basically a function of mix. What yields come in, in a given period of time. So we're still seeing a very focused retailer, the one space. And candidly, you can look at that with our occupancy and with all that activity that we have going on in the portfolio.
David E. Simon: Yes. And let me -- because, again, this is a good question, it's a good focus, but let me -- let you -- I want you to understand how we think about the business. If we owned 1 property, we could absolutely maximize rent to the last penny because at the end of the day, that's all we would care about. Jeff, we believe in repeat business with our retailers. So we're always calibrating -- and we don't -- we're not perfect at this. Believe me, we make mistakes all the time. But we're always trying to calibrate the win-win, all right? How do you keep the retailer who is our -- is our customer in addition to the consumer happy? How do we reach our financial goals? But we are not getting the last dollar because we do multiple deals, multiple business with them, year-after-year, day-after-day. And so we're never going to maximize rents if we just owned 1 asset. And -- so I -- you just need to have that lens on. Yes, even with that lens on, we still out produce everybody else, but we're not trying to get to the point of no return. We're trying to find that balance. And I'll be the first to tell you, sometimes we don't do it, sometimes we make mistakes, but we're always trying to find that balance for future positive relations with our clients going forward. Just like any other business. So let's put that in that perspective, okay? But that's why we have the opportunity to find other opportunities that even though we may not maximize the spread being $9.67, is that the right number?
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
David E. Simon: It could've been $10. Maybe that $0.33 we picked up because they're going to do this and that and the other thing for us. So there's always that balance. And you've got to put it in that lens. And it's important to understand that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Sullivan from Cowen.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up to Jeff's question on Copley and I understand it's not at the point that it's finalized as you explained. But can you give us kind of a ballpark number that the project would entail in terms of total cost?
David E. Simon: Yes, sure. It's around -- the total cost, Jim, is around $5.50. And again, the vision that we have on the -- the top roughly 10 floors would be condo sales. We're also expanding Neimans as part of it and other retail. So we look at it gross, but then we have condo sales to net. And that differential, well it's an art, not necessarily a science, that differential and then we own the multi-family. That differential is roughly, don't hold me to these numbers, it's roughly a $300 million-ish differential. That puts it in this kind of financial consequence box. And that number, from a return, as we look at it, that return is acceptable given what we're doing there, okay? And I don't want it -- I'm not going to give you that number just yet, but when we go it'll be in our 8-K, but that's essentially how we're thinking about the deal.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a kind of follow-up question on the earlier discussion about Primark as well. I know you had mentioned Primark, ZARA, H&M on the second quarter call. And, obviously, the European retailers, they're kind of categorized as fast session apparel, I guess, Primark this more promotional. And all 3 have already have sizable market shares in Europe where they operate alongside smaller higher-priced, higher price point apparel retailers. Also, we obviously have, for every 21 UNIQLO growing aggressively here, I'm just curious, if we assume that these large-format retailers continue to grow their share of apparel sales, do you view that as a positive or a negative regarding the same property NOI growth prospects of this domestic Simon portfolio?
Richard S. Sokolov: It's Rick. I think that we price our real estate based on what we believe is the value of the real estate. And everyone is going to have to compete for that real estate. The bottom line is that it has taken H&M a very long time. They are now happily established and growing substantially. We're working with ZARA, but frankly, we have a lot of very established domestic retailers here that are very competitive and continuing to grow. So the more people we have are interested in our properties, the better off we are will enhance this demand and our job is to do the right tenant mix and to price the space right, and I think we've been doing pretty well so far.
David E. Simon: Yes, but it's a good question and its again, it's a little more art than science. You've got to weigh the traffic that they may generate versus the competitive nature they may put certain retailers under. And whether or not they're bringing a different consumer in. So you put it all together and you got to make judgment calls day in and day out. So -- but it's a good question and it's an art. You got to be very, very thoughtful about that, Jim.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Then finally for me, and I maybe asking you to repeat yourself, David, but, I think, you did cut out on this. In terms of the Primark deal at King of Prussia, you mentioned it was, I think, is an easier decision because of the specific location. Can you just clarify what you meant by that?
David E. Simon: Well, if you've been to the mall, they're -- in this case, the Sears box is not as well located as if it were in the middle of the mall. And our decision may have been a little bit different had it been. And it just -- so it's really a location issue. And the power of that mall is shifting in terms of kind of a focal point given our expansion is now -- we're actually under construction and it was really -- we felt good about it, and we've got Sears' cooperation on what we were trying to accomplish to improve the mall, and we did think that because of their position, Primark would be great to drive traffic down to that wing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick question. On last quarter, you guys talked about a couple of deals on the development side that were not outlets. I'm just curious if there's anything to update on that front.
David E. Simon: You mean on full price?
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right.
David E. Simon: Yes. We are getting closer, not quite there, but we're working diligently on 1 ground-up full-price development that, I'd say over the next short period of time, that we'll be making an announcement on. It's not quite everything is done, but we are optimistic that this will be a partnership that we're looking forward to, to working on, but it's not quite all done, handshakes in place, but stay tuned on that. We think it'll be great and it will be besides the redevelopment, it will be our first full price now in quite some time.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And do you have a rough size sort of size?
David E. Simon: The total investment will be north of $200 million. And we're going to be around the 50% owner.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mueller from JP Morgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm curious, if you would weight your sales based on mall NOI, how different would that number be compared to the $613 that you report?
David E. Simon: Great question. It would be much higher. But that's a great question because -- it's a great question and in fact, because every dollar is the same, it doesn't really -- it doesn't, obviously, doesn't do that. But the fact is we could do it, but I don't have the [indiscernible] about 10% higher.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes, 10% higher.
David E. Simon: 10%. Steve Sterrett -- he's leaving so I wouldn't count on any numbers that he said. Steve Sterrett says its 10%, but, I think, we could probably do a little bit more work and get a better number, but is a very interesting question.
Operator: There are no further questions so I'll turn it back to David Simon for closing remarks.
David E. Simon: Okay. Thank you, and I look forward to seeing you in the future.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. You can disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liz Zale  Senior Vice President - Corporate Affairs and Communications David Simon  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Stephen Sterrett  Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard Sokolov  Director, President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Christy McElroy  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Jeff Spector  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Craig Schmidt  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Ross Nussbaum  UBS Securities LLC Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities LLC Haendel St. Juste  Morgan Stanley Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies LLC Andrew Rosivach  Goldman Sachs Paul Morgan  MLV & Co. Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Jeremy Roane  Hilliard Lyons Ben Yang  Evercore Partners Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
Operator:
 : As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Ms. Liz Zale, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
 : As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Ms. Liz Zale, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Liz Zale: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Simon Property Group Second Quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Presenting on todays call is David Simon, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Rick Sokolov, our President and Chief Operating Officer and Steve Sterrett, our Chief Financial Officer, and we are also joined by Andy Juster, our current Treasurer and incoming CFO. Before we begin, just a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to todays press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may be accurate only as of todays date and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in todays Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are also available on our IR website at investors.simon.com. Also due to the completion of the Washington Prime spin-off during the second quarter we are providing operating statistics for the prior year period to show performance on a comparable basis, excluding the Washington Prime properties which is in our supplemental 8-K. And now for our prepared remarks Im pleased to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good morning. It was a very eventful and productive quarter. We completed the spin-off of Washington Prime Group. We re-launched our brand to create a whole new way to engage with consumers and most important we continue to produce strong operating and financial performance. Results in the quarter were led by FFO of $2.16 per share exceeding the first call consensus estimate by $0.03 per share. Excluding the operating results from the WPG properties and the transaction costs related to that spend, FFO increased 12.8% year-over-year for the second quarter. As a point of interest if we exclude the transaction costs related to the spin, our FFO would have been approximately $2.26 for the quarter. And I would like to take a moment and put that number into perspective. Ill remind you that our second quarter 2010 FFO was $1.38 per share. So the quarterly profitability of Simon Property Group has increased by $0.88 per share, or $320 million quarter-over-quarter since then. Overall, business conditions remain favorable, driving the increases in our key operating metrics in our cash flow. We continue to see strong demand for space across our portfolio, occupancy ended up in malls, premium outlets and the mills. The Malls and Premium Outlets recorded increased leasing spreads to $11.06 per square foot. The mills recorded leasing spreads of $12.74 per square foot. And for those of you, who are interested, comparable property sales were up 90 basis points for the quarter and the movement from sales per square foot of $6.12  Im sorry, $612 a year ago to $608 is solely related to bringing on several new projects totaling 2.16 million square feet. Comp NOI, of course, which Im more interested increased 5.6% in the second quarter and is up 5.5% year-to-date and over 95% of our domestic NOI is included in our comp NOI calculation. And as a reminder, our comp NOI in 2013 Q2 was over 5%. So thats 5.6% over 5%. These results are a testament to the strength of our assets, the desirability of our locations, and our ability to execute. So lets look a little forward, Charlotte Premium Outlets is opening on July 31, and is fully leased. Twin Cities Premium Outlets in Minneapolis will open August 14, and is fully leased. Construction continues on new Premium Outlet developments in Montreal and Vancouver, both high quality major markets, and Montreal will open in the fourth quarter. Formal groundbreaking at Gloucester Premium Outlets, a new 375,000 square foot center in Southern New Jersey that serves a greater Philadelphia area is scheduled for August 7. Other new outlet projects in our development pipeline are moving forward, but we are being very selective and focus on major markets and where there is clear demand from the retailers and manufacturers that matter.
 : As a reminder, construction is ongoing in some of our most productive properties including Del Amo, Roosevelt Field, Woodbury Common Premium Outlets, Houston Galleria, Stanford Shopping Center, and St. Johns Town Center. We also started construction on a significant mall redevelopment at Fashion Center at Pentagon City, which will add 50,000 square feet of small shop space including restaurants. And as youve seen recently, weve started the construction of the expansion of Chicago Premium Outlets, which will add 260,000 square feet, as well as a Shisui Premium Outlet in Japan that will add a 130,000 square feet. So put it altogether as we said, its over $1 billion through 2016. And its affecting some of the most productive assets, not only in this country but in the world. Now, capital markets, just briefly we did amend and extend our $4 billion unsecured multi-currency revolving credit facility with a June 2019 final maturity at LIBOR plus 80 basis points which is a tighter spread in our industry. We as planned, we retain $1 billion of cash proceeds from the debt placed on the WP assets prior to the spin. We also announced a dividend of a $1.30 per share for this quarter, which is a 13% year-over-year increase. We will pay at least at SPG $5.15 per common share at SPG and we revised our guidance that we issued May 29, 2014 to a $1  to $9.01 to $9.11 from a range of $8.96 to a $9.06 which raises both the top and bottom range by $0.05. Just to turn to management, Andy is here, will be our next CFO. Steve Yalof will join as CEO of our premium outlet business. Andy has been instrumental building the strength of our industry leading balance sheet, will maintain that focus. And Steve is a well respected retail real-estate executive who enhances our team and brings a unique perspective with his diverse retail background. I look forward to working closely with both of them. So, sum it up, great first-half of the year and were absolutely focused on enhancing the value of our real estate which is being executed on daily, producing the results that were hoping for. Questions?
Liz Zale: Operator, (inaudible) for questions, thank you.
Operator: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Christy McElroy representing Citi. Please proceed.
Christy McElroy  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Good morning, everyone. You seem increasingly talking about potential densification of some of your assets in the possibility of adding non-retail components, if it makes sense. I think, partly you just talked about you also have a 230 unit residential project at Southdale Center ongoing. Probably, its sort of fairly intuitive, but can you talk about your views on why it makes sense to add residential to a center like Southdale, what other traditional suburban regional malls of yours  you considering adding residential components?
David Simon: Well. I mean, primarily because theres demand and we do like the interplay between high-quality residential with our high-quality retail offerings. And its an opportunity to continue to add value to the company. So Southdale weve had  and weve had very good success in places like Firewheel and Domain, to name a few. Weve got both the hotel and residential going on at Phipps.
 : So its not going to overwhelm us, but its part of our strategy to continue to make our shopping centers the place to be, both from shopping, entertainment, leisure, eating, and then eventually living and spending time on, with respect to the hotel business.
Christy McElroy  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: And then in terms of the larger projects that you have in the mall pipe with meaningful small shop expansion, David, you mentioned Del Amo, Pentagon City, Roosevelt Field, Stanford, Houston Galleria, as you think about adding additional small shop space to your better malls, whats the composition of new stores that you are putting in these expansions that you didnt sort of didnt previously have room for at the mall where you are seeing new demand, so how much is restaurants versus fast fashion versus luxury versus traditional mall retailers?
David Simon: The simple answer really depends on where we are adding the space? What that centre lacks? What the demand is? But I would simply say, Christy, its all of the above. In Pentagon, to take a simple example, in that case, its really restaurants, because its out in the exterior of the centre. If youve been there, the porte cochere is kind of, really Humpty Dumpty, its really terrible frankly. And, we think given its location and the ability to, if youve been to Atlanta recently, youve seen what we did with Lenox just opening up the centers creating a sense of, this is where you ought to enter, its great for the restaurants and weve seen a lot of synergy there. So in that case, its  and there will be a little bit of fast fashion there as well, because of the customer base. But in Del Amo its upgrading the mix and bringing in not the super-luxury but bring up the kind of the better retailers more aspirational brands, because we think thats whats missing. So, it depends a little bit on everything. In Galleria, the demand for luxury is immense, so having the abilities to take some of the existing retailers, moving towards the Saks existing store, which will be the new added small shop space will allow us to continue to upgrade, the true luxury players in kind of the Neiman Marcus wing. So, again, its a little bit of everything and it really, really depends on where and what the demand is.
Christy McElroy  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Thanks, David.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector, representing Bank of America. Please proceed.
Jeff Spector  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Now that Washington Prime has been spun out, I guess, David, can you talk to us a little bit more about your main goals, what youre going to be focusing on for the next 6 to 18 months, is it really the redevs and the branding effort?
David Simon: Well, we do everything here, Jeff, and thats why our FFO increased, and again, we didnt do it by smoke and mirrors by high leverage. But our FFO increased from 2010 to 2014 just for the quarter $320 million, you dont do that by a little bit of this and a little bit of that, you do it by everything. So, I mean, at this point, we are going to continue to do everything. We are going to redevelop, we are going to release. We dont have industry comp leading numbers, quarter-after-after, year-after-year, we dont outperform over the last 12 years, over a decade, continuing beating First Call consensus estimates, year-after-year-after-year, not several years, but over a decade without being able to do just about everything. And so, we are going to continue to do just about everything. And I dont want to limit by redev or that, I mean, if you have a good idea, I will take advantage of it, tell me what I should do? But obviously I mentioned and I want to underline it, what weve got going on at some of our big mamas, and Ive used that twice. Liz just frowned on me. But what weve got going on at the field and the Galleria and Del Amo, I mean its pretty, pretty big stuff. So thats hugely important, thats why weve added some people to help us manage that, but well continue to do everything we can to drive this business forward.
Jeff Spector  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just one follow-up before Craig has a question. Is it too soon to talk about the  any response or feedback on the Simon branding effort?
David Simon: Well, I can tell you that weve been  the complements we have received have been fantastic. And I think from a retail point of view, the retailers that think of themselves as brands, its been very, very positive. And at the end of the day, if you dont think of your company as a brand going forward, youre going to miss out on opportunities. So  but  this is a going to be  this not a  its an evolution, well try to revolutionize parts of it, but its going to continue to be something that we will reinforce with the consumer day-in and day-out, and our people in the field will reinforce it as well. But we are in early days on it, Jeff, but we are very excited about the prospects of continuing to upgrade the quality of our presentations and the quality of our service levels to our properties, and thats very important to todays world.
Jeff Spector  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I think Craig had one question.
David Simon: Okay.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I just wondered, its high, if we could get to some comments on your involvement with digital and then possibly to live [ph] of the extent of your involvement in Holiday-14 [ph] if youre adding malls or markets?
David Simon: Well, we are focused on making strategic VC-like investments in opportunities that we think will add value to our company in both from  helping our retailers, as well as helping our consumers. So as you know, we hired somebody, Skyler Fernandez, he has been here for three months, weve made some investments. And Deliv, we will be bringing to Woodfield, its  we are part of that group. We are not leading that group, which is fine. We dont have to lead everything we do, though I like leading everything we do, but sometimes we dont lead. And its one of many things that we will continue to experiment with and well see where it goes. Weve got some expertise now. Weve got  we are looking around corners for opportunities, scholars, and covering a lot, we are in the deal flow. Were doing is smartly through we dont have 100 people run around, doing it, I think that way we are doing is smart, and like I said, weve made some small investments, and well continue to make and then and I like the prospects of what we are trying to accomplish.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim, representing SunTrust. Please proceed.
Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks. Could you just quickly talk about the Mills lease spreads? It seems like the $12.74 equals 47% of a percent change standpoint. Could you talk about how you are achieving that, and I guess its not really driven by sales per square foot changes, so maybe a little more color on that.
David Simon: Well, therein lies, again, the  first of all, I noticed in sales dont necessarily. There  as I mentioned you in the past, the fact that sales growth does not necessarily correlate to spread growth. So and the fact is, you can see that from the results that our mills portfolio posted. I dont know how else I can describe that to you, but other than producing the results that we did. So that thats how I would answer that question. Weve got an under-rented under market portfolio in the mills, we are upgrading the mix and we are charging more rent, simple as that.
Ki Bin Kim  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Its all right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum representing UBS. Please proceed.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS Securities LLC: Hey David, good morning.
David Simon: Hey.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS Securities LLC: Can you talk a little bit about the outlet sector versus the malls, just in terms of how do you  how would you describe the strength of demand youre seeing for outlets today versus the strength of the demand for malls, and maybe, how is that manifesting itself in terms of pricing-power for each of those segments?
David Simon: Ill let Rick comment, but Id say theres no huge or material difference like  when we were coming out of the recession there clearly  there was more trepidation with respect to full price than there was the outlet. The outlets didnt see the big dip in demand. But I would say, today, its pretty consistent. The only difference is that in the outlet sector you do have a number of the people that have not participated in it, wanting to. But, I would say the demand is not all that much different at all and its  and the gap between the demand given that theres been no new supply and the regional mall business is basically on top of each other. Rick, I dont know if you want to add anything to it.
Rick Sokolov: I just want to emphasize Davids point in the outlets, there just happens to be a number of the mall tenants that frankly back when we got into this sector we started talking to them about the outlet as a desirable channel for their business. And now theyre experiencing that and theyre experiencing great result so a company like Express is now rapidly expanding. And the only other thing in the outlet is that the center sections for the most part are a little smaller and the spaces are smaller, so even with the same amount of demand the supply is more constrained and that gives you a little bit more pricing power.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Second question, David, if we look at Washington Prime, Im curious, the stock is around $19, little under today, where did you think the stock was going to be when you decided to do the spend?
David Simon: Well, look, I think the advice that we got was right in that range. And Im not here to talk about WP. WP will be providing that update in the next few weeks about what theyre doing. But its  I think its right on. This is a  weve been a public company for 20-some-odd-years. It takes time for companies to develop what theyre doing. Im very pleased with WP from a director point of view and as a shareholder. Its very early days, its been trading for what, six weeks, maybe, six weeks, so its, I think its right where we think its going to be and I think theyve got a lot of opportunities. But they are much better equipped and frankly from a  just from a fiduciary point of view its better that they do it than I do it. But, no great surprises on that whatsoever.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS Securities LLC: Thanks.
David Simon: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb representing Sandler ONeill. Please proceed.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill: Good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill: Hey, how are you? David, two questions here, the first, well go back to the branding question. Youre definitely a numbers guy and advertising tends to be sort of a softer metric as far as being able to gauge. How are you gauging the effectiveness on a dollars and cents basis? And have you  in order to fund this are you cutting back other advertising that you used to do or in total this represents an entirely new effort as far as, I mean, presumably youre advertising it for local level, so just sort of curious have you pulled back from that and focused more nationally or is this incremental too?
David Simon: Well, look, I think that the  I mean, your comment about numbers reminds me  a lot of people said, Im not a real estate guy yet. I go back to this quarter-over-quarter, then somebody figured out how to grow the business $320 million. Thats not for the year, thats just for the quarter-over-quarter. So, look, the fact is, we did reallocate spend, took it away from outdoor, put it more toward digital and TV, less from radio. I mean, we did that kind of stuff that we tweak every year where were getting  were getting that. So the answer  and there is a little bit of extra cost associated with the stuff that weve done but its going to be a test to measure business. But ultimately its going to be managed within our typical budget every year that we do for marketing spend. But by having branded and in consistency across the portfolio you do get economies of scale, so well be able to take advantage of it.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill: So is there a way that youre measuring the spend or is it just something that you assume as long as youre getting positive feedback from tenants and customers?
David Simon: I think  you certainly have that ability. I think the initial phase is more whats the feedback but as we get  as this progresses we are going to measure our results.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill: Okay. And the second question is your releasing spreads have been accelerating. Can you just give some color whether either by mall or outlet, or if this is more new tenants coming in or this is just part  or if this is more driven by remerchandising tenants moving guys from the 50, down to moving new guys to the 50-yard one.
David Simon: Well, you know Ill let Rick and Steve, if he wants to chime in. I would just point out to you that we are under-market rented thats why were able to grow our comp NOI every quarter, where our occupancy cost for better or worse, if you want to focus on that, and you know how I feel on some of these numbers, is low, is very low, look at it and compare to our peer group. So its low that allows us to increase our rents at the same time doing in a way that our retailers can continue to be profitable in our portfolio, which is important. So, thats  but its continuing to upgrade and its marking leases to market and thats what it is. Rick, you want to add anything?
Rick Sokolov: The one thing I would again reemphasizing David has talked about, we keep talking about our re-development program. I dont think people appreciate how much better our properties are getting as places where retailers want to do business. Weve talked in the past how there are number of new entrants that want more square footage. Its a supply and demand business and as our properties are getting more desirable we have more demand, limited supply, were able to drive rents.
Steve Sterrett: Alex, this is Steve. I just add one comment, because you asked about the differences between new leases and releasing and interestingly enough we have the ability to parse the data and look at it and componentize it. And the spread is pretty much on top of each other, whether its a new lease or a release. So, which I think echoes Davids comment about the portfolio is just under market and whether its the existing tenant and us reaching an agreement with them to stay in the space or whether its remarketing it to another tenant. Were getting market rent for that space now.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill: Okay. Listen, thank you.
David Simon: Thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly representing Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning guys and congratulations to Andy and Steve. David, just building on an earlier question and looking longer
David Simon: One guy is not here, so until he posts youll never know.
Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thats true. Its that, Im just curious  to build on an earlier question, looking longer than 18 months out, on top of honing the portfolio and maybe executing on the pipeline, do you think theres a role or a need for something larger to be done in real estate or perhaps even assisting brands of omni-channel retailing?
David Simon: Maybe Im  thats I didnt  can you reinstate your question, I think I missed it, I didnt miss the  I missed it. Can you just, sorry, Jeff, can you?
Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: No, no, problem at all. I was curious if on top of your, I guess the blocking and tackling on the portfolio, if you feel if there is a need or a role for Simon to do something larger in real estate or perhaps assisting brands of omni-channel retailing in the next few years.
David Simon: Well, look, I think, we are always trying to assist the retailers, while at the same time grow our business, so there is this natural tension between the two of us. But yes, I think, weve got to continue to upgrade the portfolio and drive traffic, if thats your question, yes. So, yes, we have a  we certainly have a responsibility to retailers to make our environments as productive and as exciting as possible. Thats the biggest focus we have. Rick, I think, we feel like we have that obligation, we have it to the consumer too. So, I mean, thats what  I mean, the amount that weve done within the portfolio just upgrading little stuff from restrooms to play areas to seating areas to exterior improvements to doing the  I mean, weve done a hell of a lot over the last several years. Right  we were able to shutdown when the world was ending and start back up, we were able to shutdown better than anybody else. We were able to startup better than anybody else. And all of thats proven, because all of thats in our numbers. So, we had  we  forget  I hate losing WP because its  now I got  I lost $1 dollar FFO. But we would have been a $10, roughly, right? You are going to do the calculation  excuse me, if Im rounding here and there. But  so everybody is going to do the calculation, what does that mean, what does mean? But we were going to be $10 per share, $6 in dividends, where were we in 2006 and 2007? Where was everybody else? So those are big numbers.
Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Well, I guess, thats the  I guess the root of my question is I think youve certainly done well in strengthening the balance sheet, and you spun off Washington Prime and there is a big pipeline today.
David Simon: Yes.
Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  And I guess Im wondering if, going forward, you see more of your capital allocation going to things outside of malls and outlets and maybe into other areas.
David Simon: No, we are going to always stick to retail real estate. And we will densify here and there. But and we think we can do that appropriately not get over our skis, but no, we are going to always be a retail real estate company, that wont change.
Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  And then I guess for Rick, just a few questions, did you guys see much of a sales impact in outlets in Japan, just because they did a big increase in their VAT tax in the second quarter, did you see anything there?
David Simon: Well, let me  that really should go here as opposed to Rick
Rick Sokolov: I dont leave the domestic chores.
David Simon: But the fact of matter is, actually Im glad you brought that up, because the answer is no, believe it or not. There was a little bit of a spike ahead of that and our Japanese partner is actually coming at  the weather here is bad, so I assume theyll still get in  but they are actually coming here for the next couple of days. But its actually surprisingly held its own, I dont have it right in front of me, but the answer  the simple answer is no. its actually done very, very well even with the increase in that.
Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  And I think this one is for Rick, because he and I were exchanging phone calls. Could you talk about the replacement you have lined up for the Nordstrom space at Florida Mall, and a maybe a little bit why Nordstrom opted to leave that market, and does that foreshadow anything for that property?
Richard Sokolov: Well, the property is frankly growing extraordinarily well. And in fact, right now we are in the process of adding a new flagship Zara, American girl. We are adding a completely new food hall with other restaurants. And Ill let Nordstroms statement speak for itself, but we are very excited about our replacement strategy for that box. And, in fact, there will probably be announcements forthcoming in the very near future that will show you what we have in mind there and we believe its going to be a substantially positive addition to the property.
David Simon: Yes, its absolutely, unequivocally not a reflection of the mall at all. So let me make that clear, the mall does a $1000 a foot
Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Yes.
David Simon: And its gown its NOI every year and so its a great mall, no issues.
Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Thanks, guys.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste representing Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Haendel St. Juste  Morgan Stanley: Good morning, out there.
David Simon: Good morning.
Stephen Sterrett: Good morning.
Haendel St. Juste  Morgan Stanley: So First a question on clip here. I know that you do not include it in your core same-store numbers. But we noticed a large drop in your share of NOI from clip here, NOI, page 21 of the 2Q sup, down to $53 million from, it looks like $67 million last quarter. Can you perhaps give us a bit of color on what caused such a big drop, where there one-timers in either number?
David Simon: Yes, Q-over-Q there were one-timers last year.
Stephen Sterrett: They also
Haendel St. Juste  Morgan Stanley: Im speaking to, sorry, to first sequentially last quarter.
David Simon: Okay. They  part of that is dilution that that occurred with their sales. They sold Carrefour assets.
Haendel St. Juste  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
David Simon: Okay.
Haendel St. Juste  Morgan Stanley: Anything else there, or it was just
David Simon: Theyve reported their numbers, so no, the answer is no. I mean, they
Haendel St. Juste  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
David Simon: No, its there and they are in very good shape. Our investment, we are plus 900
Stephen Sterrett: Almost $1 billion.
David Simon: Almost $1 billion of 52%. As Adam Sandler would say, not too shabby. So, and they are doing a good job and I have yet to learn one word in French, which is quite pleasing to me.
Haendel St. Juste  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks for that. One more if I may. Understanding your views, David, on sales per square foot, I was just curious though on your thoughts on
David Simon: Let me just stop there. What  my  I just dont think its the  again, Im not trying to tell you that its not unimportant. Question is whether we should obsess over it or not. And what I  and what Im trying to explain to the market, I obsess over my revenues. I obsess over my comp NOI. I dont obsess over what the retailers do in my properties unless Im doing a bad job than I obsess over it. So what happens in our industry is, retailers, they get hot, they have great sales, they dont  it changes, weve got to develop the right mix, sometimes thats our fault, sometimes its the retailers fault. The important thing is where we  where is our leases vis--vis market? Whats the demand, and can we increase our cash flow? Thats what I obsess over. So Id never had a headline saying sales are up when they are my tenant sales, because I  my headline is what are my sales up? And, in fact, I think this quarter up 9%, right, roughly looking at my team, they are shaking their head. So thats what I obsess over, thats the difference that Im trying to communicate. And as you know, other retail reach in this  in the universe of 30 of us, more than half of them dont even report what their tenant sales are. So, we are just trying to say, yes, I hear you, its interesting, but its not whats going to drive our ability to increase our cash flow, because remember, we can take the space back.
Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley: Got you, got you, and I understand. I appreciate your views and then again, we understand why you think, what you think. But Im just curious on your thoughts on potentially creating a new category of sales productivity reporting to perhaps capture the larger in-line tenants, the H&M, the Uniqlo, that pay you rent more like in-line tenants but whos results are not included are not included in your reported core numbers, especially given how well theyve been fairing lately.
David Simon: Well, look, we track total sales and I think year-to-date we include everything that we dont get, everybody doesnt report. We have the department stores and some dont and some do. Rick, whats our total numbers up?
Rick Sokolov: Its almost 3.5%.
David Simon: 3.5%, so, thats  youre right, if  now, Im not going to do that on a per foot basis because it includes department stores but it does show you whats going on with market share of our property. So theyre up  the total sales that we get reported are up 3.3%. Now is that a number that we should report? I dont know. When the strip center guys do it, call me and Ill do it, okay?
Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley: Fair enough. Thank you.
David Simon: Yeah, no worries.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Tayo Okusanya representing Jefferies. Please proceed.
Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies LLC: Yes, good morning, everyone. Just along the lines of just the retailer outlook, I was wondering, if you could just get some sense from you, how youre feeling about things like mall traffic and just the kind of general sense of what the mall feels like today and also in July?
David Simon: Well, look, the fact is the consumer generally is still very cautious and we see that across the board. There is no denying that, from  as you know, a number of retailers, both low and medium and even high-end, are all seeing somewhat of a cautious consumer. And thats certainly is affecting retail sales in our properties. So that continues to be the case. We have our work cut out for us, with respect to that issue. We think its  we dont think its a shift issue going from. Weve done a lot of research here. We dont think its a shift from the  to online from physical. Its really more of an indicator that the consumer right now is pretty cautious. So  and I think a lot of that is just all the macro stuff thats out there. Weve seen it before. We certainly have some retailers that have their issues which will put  puts focus on us to release their space. But again, I mean, those things ebb and flow, but weve got our work cut out for us with regard to just kind of a consumer thats cautious right now.
Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies LLC: So would you have it to guess that mall traffic is down slightly or down low double-digit or anything of that sort?
David Simon: Well, its not down double-digits, okay. I dont know where you get that data either. Now, its not  I would say mall traffic is generally flat, the summer months are not big until late July and August because theyre back to school. June is not an important month. Early part of July is not. So well see what happens.
Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies LLC: All right, okay. Thats helpful. And then just one more from me on the outlet side of the business, during ICSC there was a general commentary coming out of the company about some additional developments that could be done in 2015, 2016, like half-a-dozen potential locations that were mentioned. Just wondering if there was any update on that?
David Simon: Yeah, we do it, you mean from our company?
Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies LLC: Yes, correct.
David Simon: Yeah, yeah, we do intend to  as you know, as I mentioned in remarks were starting Gloucester which is August 7, okay. That groundbreaking that open, basically a year from August, and we do have one other of that we will hope to start this year and then we still have three or four that are in the pipe for next year. So, yeah, nothing has really changed on that and again I wont bore the callers on my comments but were being very selective in where we want to go and where demand is. And we are  lets  not that were always going to bet a thousand, meaning we may pass up an opportunity that turns out good or may build one thats not great, but those  the two options that can happen. But generally, I would say were experts at understanding where the manufacturers and where the retailers that matter want to build the next outlet, okay. Doesnt mean were going to bet a thousand but its going to be pretty damn close.
Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies LLC: Sounds good to me. Thank you.
David Simon: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Rosivach representing Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Andrew Rosivach  Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys. Dont shoot the messenger, but clients just keep asking about sales, so I have to shoot a couple in. You mentioned earlier that the re-devs were impacting sales, which kind of makes sense because youre going to have lower sales as its going on. Do you have any idea of what the quantity of that was?
David Simon: Well, we go property by property but the fact that matter is, look, sales were  I will just say this, we added more space so when you look at the $612 to $608 thats the primary issue there. And also we added some centers that are not quite up to the core average yet. And, and but that, thats nothing new and out of the ordinary. It does take time for centers to, to develop their trade area and everything else. So, in the movement, because I dont want to call it the decrease because it really didnt decrease, the movement from $612 to $608 was really a function of adding additional space. And as I mentioned to you the comp sales were actually up 90 basis points which would ignore that impact. We give you total sales, but the comp sales were up 90 basis points and the total sales, just volume-wise not on a per square foot basis was up 3.3%, and that as much as I really want to talk about sales.
Andrew Rosivach  Goldman Sachs: I know and I  and by the way nobody is going to report 5.6% NOI growth of amongst your peer group.
David Simon: Nobody, right?
Andrew Rosivach  Goldman Sachs: But this is what I do for a living so the 90 was actually trailing 12 months, not just the second quarter?
David Simon: It was Q-over-Q.
Rick Sokolov: Yeah, second quarter.
Liz Zale: Second quarter.
Andrew Rosivach  Goldman Sachs: Second quarter over second quarter true comp, okay. And then let me ask you a sales question that actually does matter.
David Simon: Yes.
Andrew Rosivach  Goldman Sachs: Im assuming its part of the Washington Prime spend. You spent some time thinking about what the growth could be on a multi-year basis because lets face it, if sales really are flat or they are even negative for three years or five years, that actually does matter. And maybe if you could share a multi-year view I think it would be really helpful to the market.
David Simon: Well, I mean, you see where our  I mean, I guess, the simple is just look at where our rent  our expiring rents are versus what were bringing in new rents at todays sales level and if your  thats what youre focused on you can see that embedded growth is pretty significant.
Andrew Rosivach  Goldman Sachs: Well, thats not  that easy, right, just even if sales stays flat you can say where its going to go. But do you have any thought of where sales are going to go. Any thoughts on looking at the last 12 months, not being representative of what were you really think that the tenants can drive their sales going forward in the next two or three years.
David Simon: Look, Im not going to give you a number, if thats what youre after. But, I do think that the consumer has been cautious and for all sorts of reasons. The sense on the macro side is that  and part of that was a move toward durable stuff, but the fact that matter is, I do think there is a law here and I dont view it as a long term role. I do think, the economy sounds, feels like its getting better and with that the consumer will move forward. But as I said, you have  the GDP of last quarter it was down 3%. I had nothing to do with that. I did my fair share, I built, I redeveloped, I hired people, I gave raises, I did everything I can to juice the economy, so dont look at me. Okay? Now well see where we feel good about our business.
Andrew Rosivach  Goldman Sachs: Thanks, sir.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan representing MLV, please proceed.
Paul Morgan  MLV & Co.: Hi, good morning.
David Simon: How youre doing?
Paul Morgan  MLV & Co.: Good, thanks. On occupancy, so you  I mean, you are getting up to pretty high numbers already. And based on your typical seasonality and another 100 basis points higher at year-end or more, I mean, do you think you are at the frictional maximum? I mean, its a little harder for you guys because the outlets have always run higher to comp you against the rest of the peer group. But if you just think of the malls, is this where well end this year? I mean, do you think theres much more upside? Is it good to push for that upside or to leave some kind of frictional wiggle room?
David Simon: Well, look, Im always of the view, make the deal, lease the space. But look, I think Paul at the end of the day theres going to be a little volatility in through it, because there are some  we have a little bit more bankruptcies this year than we did the last couple. So, were  when you get the space back you dont have it immediately leased, it takes time. So theres going to be some of that volatility, but I think well maintain that kind of level of occupancy, give or take a little bit here and there.
Rick Sokolov: The only other point I would make Paul is that we spend a great deal of time asset managing our space to get the highest yield we can out of that space in terms of rent and sales production. So much of our discussions with our tenants are getting them right-sized which in a lot of instances is decreasing the amount of space theyre in so we can create additional rooms out of the same square footage which drives our sales and drives our rent. So there is a lot of levers still left that we can pull to generate productivity even at these higher occupancy rates.
Paul Morgan  MLV & Co.: Sure, yeah, that makes sense. Okay, so my other question just on development. You got about $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion, your share in your shop listed for activity thats under construction. And so thats basically over the next two years, I guess. And what should we think in terms of annual completions based on kind of whats in your pipeline for starts over the next 12 months? I mean, is that number going to stay about the same? Do you have some big projects that are going to come in?
David Simon: Yeah, I mean, I think the best way to do it is we think on average were going to as we said, spend about a $1 billion plus a year so. It will spike in that but if youd  and thats just more or less domestic. But weve got  that might spike when we put Copley in and couple of others. So were going to  there is lumpiness to it, because some of the stuff that were finally doing is big stuff, the fields of the world [ph], Del Amo, so youre going to have some spiky. But on average, when you look back on 2016, 2017 its going to be a $1.2 billion or so per average, more or less.
Paul Morgan  MLV & Co.: And do you think that 8% mall redevelopment yield is going to be consistent even when you add some of those kind of bigger projects?
David Simon: Yeah, look, the answer is yes, because we also have new development in there that will be at higher yields than that, so when you put it altogether its a pretty good number that we feel good about.
Paul Morgan  MLV & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks.
David Simon: No worries.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller representing JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Michael Mueller  JPMorgan: Yeah, hi, following up on the last question, if you go out past 2016 and think about the next three years, five years or so, does it seem like you can maintain that roughly $1 billion a year spend based on what you think is in the shadow pipeline at this point?
David Simon: Its so hard to really tell you one way or another. I dont know, mean, the simple answer is I dont know. I mean, I think it certainly could extend a couple of years. But we have a very disciplined philosophy about adding because  an over improvement of center, because at the end of the day you know what  you know if I go back to this $320 million, you know what drives our earnings is that we think about return on equity better than lot of folks and thats what drives the business. So if you over improve stuff and you dont get the right return on equity you kind of get  youve kind of done it and thats great and the architects can pat themselves on the back, but the question is where is the cash flow. So, I dont know, I mean I think were so focused on the handful of big things that we have thats the key. But Copley is four, five  unfortunately because Id rather have it much quicker but thats a four or five year project. So I think the simple answer is that, yeah, that $1 billion to $1.2 billion stretches from 2016 goes to 2017 and 2018 and then after that its hard to really tell you one way or another.
Rick Sokolov: The only thing I would add to this, are we looking for other opportunities within the portfolio? Absolutely. Do we have a number of things that we hopefully believe we can do to create incremental opportunities? We do, but its going to be approached with the same discipline and the same rigor of analysis, so we dont do something thats stupid.
David Simon: Yeah, and were actually not in the  were starting to see a little bit of new development, not outlets that were thinking about. Were close to one deal and Liz brought Oyster Bay, so weve got two deals, thank you. Two deals that are out there to do new development that will not be outlets that arent in. So, economy gets better, stronger, maybe there is a little bit more new development going on. So, its a tough question to really give you any comfort and other than  the philosophy, return on equity is whats really going to drive us. So if we  we wont waiver from that.
Michael Mueller  JPMorgan: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Roane representing Hilliard Lyons. Please proceed.
Jeremy Roane  Hilliard Lyons: Good morning and thank you for taking our question. And we noticed that tenant reimbursements as a percentage of operating expenses were higher than in the previous quarters before the spin-off of Washington Prime. Is the current quarter a good run rate for tenant reimbursements going forward? And also what led to the increase in home and regional office costs?
Steve Sterrett: Jeremy, this is Steve Sterrett. Couple of things, because the income statement has been reclassified and the Washington Prime assets are all in, discontinued operations, I do think the P&L for the quarter reflects a good run rate for the existing Simon portfolio. So I would say thats fine. The one caveat, David mentioned it earlier, is we did spend incremental dollar in the second quarter related to the role out of our branding campaign and that lumpiness wont occur quite the same way in the future.
David Simon: Home and  Ill just  yeah, you want to answer that?
Steve Sterrett: Yeah, Ill go ahead, the home office and regional costs, the variance both year-over-year and sequentially with the first quarter is all one-time stuff. Some of it is related to the Washington Prime transaction, where we vested some equity and recorded the costs for people who are now Washington Prime employees. Some of it was incentive compensation, some bonuses that were paid for mid-level people here in the organization who worked very hard on the Washington Prime transaction. And
David Simon: No, but no, executive...
Steve Sterrett: No, and thats why I used the term mid-level. And then some of it is retirement related costs relative to the change in leadership at the premium outlet group that David mentioned.
Jeremy Roane  Hilliard Lyons: Excellent, thank you very much.
David Simon: Sure, thank you.
Steve Sterrett: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Yang representing Evercore. Please proceed.
Ben Yang  Evercore Partners: Thanks. Sorry, if I missed this, but did you update your same store NOI guidance excluding Washington Prime? Im just curious if you think growth can accelerate during the second-half of the year.
Richard Sokolov: Ben, the one thing that we did back when we announced Washington Prime, we told you that it would accelerate our same-store NOI by 30 bps, but thats the extent of the update, we have not given a forecast for comp NOI for the rest of the year.
Ben Yang  Evercore Partners: But if your prior guidance was 4% and now its 4.3%, should we assume that growth will decelerate during the second half of 2014?
Richard Sokolov: I wouldnt necessarily assume that, no, because we are a little bit ahead of our plan year-to-date.
Ben Yang  Evercore Partners: Okay, got it. And then maybe switching gears, can you talk about why you guys didnt consolidate your ownership of St. Johns Town Center when your partner was looking to sell? And if it was price which I believe it was a 4% cap rate, was there an opportunity or consideration to maybe selling your stake along with your partner for that asset?
David Simon: Well, the answer is primarily the reason we didnt buy was primarily price, just to cut to the chase, even though we think its a great asset long-term. Why would we sell? I mean, its a great asset. We built it. We leased it. We managed it. We are adding Nordstrom. We dont need the capital, thats the business were in, in owning real estate. So why would I sell a mall thats that  we are the managing partner. We run it day-to-day. We had a partner in it, so it was no harm, no foul. I didnt say any real, we dont need the capital and see any reason to sell it.
Ben Yang  Evercore Partners: Got it. That makes sense. If it was a 4% cap rate for what I believe is a 700 per square foot mall, is that a good comp for trophy assets, or I believe there is some near-term lease roles that could be potentially pushing that cap rate lower. And if that is the good comp, do you think that have any, do you have any thoughts on what that means for the value of your stock?
David Simon: Well, let me just  youve put a lot in there. I dont want to tell you what, Im not going to sit here and say to you that what the cap rate was. We dont do that. Thats a private transaction. So it is what it is. Reason we didnt buy it, we owned it, we controlled it, we didnt see that, with all the capital that we are putting back in a portfolio, it wasnt really  it wasnt in  we didnt see that, the real need to do it from our standpoint. From a going forward, I mean, look, if you look at the value in the private markets and whats being paid and look at where our stock is trading. And I think you could certainly make the argument that the private market is certainly more expensive than public stocks. And assuming we dont decrete from value, but create value, you ought to get a little, maybe $0.20 a share for that. So but Ben, I mean, I would say to you clearly that the private market value clearly is more expensive than the public market value, when you put it altogether. But that ebbs and flows.
Ben Yang  Evercore Partners: Got it, thank you. Thats helpful.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Moore, representing RBC Marking. Please proceed.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Hey, guys, good morning. On occupancy costs, you guys give that in the supplemental at 11.6%. But of course, thats a mix of existing leases and new leases. And Im curious what would that number be, you think for new and renewal leases you put in place today?
Richard Sokolov: Its going to, look, our leasing trend right now is continuing unabated. And David pointed out, if you look, we are signing new leases at $66. Weve got expiring leases at $41. Its going to be around, you are talking about the spread?
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Yes. Im thinking, Rick, the actual occupancy costs numbers. So that new rent that you are getting at $60 plus as a percent of sales.
Richard Sokolov: Overall, for the body of work we are doing, that is going to basically be right around the same number and maybe moving up a touch based on the
David Simon: I think what Rich is asking is, when we look at new deals, what is our occupancy cost? I would say its probably in the 14% to 15% range. And that range, but again, its all over the board. But again, if you look at our peer group, weve got very low occupancy cost and the ability to drive that, we will continue to drive our comp NOI in a stable economy.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Right. I got you, David. Yes, thats a significant number. I appreciate that. Then the other thing is, you didnt spend a lot of time on your European investments on the call here.
David Simon: Yes, we did that deliberately, not that we dont love, okay, and not that they are not doing well. We are just  we are trying to make our remarks shorter and shorter, so
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: No, I hear you, I hear you. Im curious how you see that that actually going at this point, if there is a  how the relationship, I guess is progressing. And then also Im a little curious, is there anything coming back this way, so are you finding new tenants, are you finding any changes in organizational thoughts, anything like that that comes in the other direction?
David Simon: Well, I mean, just to name two great retailers that are from Europe coming here, Primark and Topshop. And just to name, forget H&M and Zara, who have been here. But those relationships are certainly enhanced by our presence in internationally. But Rich, I would say simply this. We are betting 1,000 in Europe and in international. So everything, and thats  its Klpierre is  its great. The McArthurGlen deal is going to be very good. We think we got in at a very good value and there is growth opportunities. And the outlets business in Malaysia, Korea, Japan, Mexico, Canada, thank you, Steve, is good, its all good. So we just figured, I mean, we dont  were trying to shorter the presentation up, and Liz wrote it, and I took it out. Dont read anything into it, okay.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: I got you. On that, on Europe, is it sort of steady as we go at this point, you think, or will there be possibly new announcements coming out of the European venture?
David Simon: Im open to any ideas anybody has, okay. No, but I, look, I think McArthurGlens development pipeline is very active, but as you know that take time. And Klpierre, where we get strategic guidance and all that stuff, but theyve got a good pipeline to in terms of extensions and the like. So Japan weve got, yes, so we are going to continue to build on those businesses. Is there going to be anything earth shattering? It depends what you consider earth shattering.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: All right, I got you, great. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim, representing Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Chris for Dan. Occupancy in 1Q and 2Q has been among the highest in 10 last years for those quarters. And understanding that you have achieved strong rent growth in those quarters, just wondering though that given those occupancy rates is so much higher than typical for those quarters, is that a situation where you may have pushed even harder on those rents, or do you feel that you have struck a pretty good balance between occupancy and rental rate growth?
David Simon: Well, I think we are, look, its an art, not a science. I think we are pretty good at it. And I think historically, philosophically, weve always here on making a deal. So, we are not as  Im sure people complain on the other side sometimes. But so I think we are always trying to lease our properties up. I do think, if you are looking historically, youve probably got a big compositional change in the portfolio, I mean, depending on how far out you are looking, thats occurred over the last decade. So thats what maybe causing that to some extent. So, I would  thats probably the biggest issue. And you know its interesting in the Q1 we used to have a lot of fallout every holiday season because of  lets talk 10 years ago. That is become less and less of a typical event. So, it may be seen a little bit of that on the margin.
Unidentified Analyst: Thats really helpful. Yeah, thats true. And back 10 years just looking at those and I think, yeah, theres definitely some competition changes.
David Simon: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Second, you mentioned before that youll continue to prune the portfolio as youve always done, even after the spin-off. But with the free cash flow funding most of the development and the redevelopment pipeline, do you see much in the way of dispositions for the remainder of 2014? And I guess just generally do you have the regional mall portfolio kind of where you wanted after the spin-off or is there some  still work to do there?
David Simon: I would say there is always going to be assets that were going to prune and sell. Frankly, it hasnt been a huge focus given the spin-off. We spent most of our effort of any free time on that. So I think thats something that well think about for 2014, 2015. Im still depressed that I lost $1 of FFO, so I got to get over that. I hate losing cash flow like that. So, Ive got to come to grips with that, but yeah, well continue to sell, but probably nothing thats  the rest of this year of any material nature.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks, David.
David Simon: Yes, no worries.
Operator: Your next question comes as a follow-up from the line Christy McElroy representing Citi. Please proceed.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Hey, Its Michael Bilerman. I just had a couple questions. The first is for Sterrett. And I guess - I dont know if Andy is in the room. But as I think about the balance sheet, which is in unbelievable shape. One thing that we havent talked about is that you have about $7.5 billion of debt coming due within the next 2.5 years at like 5.5%, so 30% of your debt, a big chunk of that being unsecured bonds, a bunch of that secured debt on balance sheet, and a bunch in the JVs. I guess how aggressive can you be to pull any of that forward without paying huge charges or make holes to bring that cash flow because, David, I know you love cash flow, to bring that cash flow forward?
Steve Sterrett: Did your liability management people prompt you to ask that question? Are you allowed to talk to them?
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Theres a big Chinese wall.
Steve Sterrett: Okay. Just checking. Well, Michael, I mean, its fair and I do think if you look at the expiration, the debt maturity schedule, one of the things you see is that the next couple of years out, weve got the opportunity to continue to roll down rates. It is something that we look out on a regular basis. But listen, its essentially trading dollars, because there are make holes or yield maintenances in virtually every debt instrument that we have. So, but there are other ways that you can potentially hedge your bets a bit, whether its going out and doing treasury locks or whatever. So we do look at it. And we are as aggressive as we can be. Andy would tell you that we pay every debt instruments that is open to par date and were managing that as aggressive as we can.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Understanding that there is a curve aspect of this, but what is your sort of contemplate as you think about the next 2.5 years in this debt rolling? Where you sort of want to move that in your schedule? Because obviously its like 100 basis points is over $0.20 a share, right? And clearly where you are on a 10-year basis today, you would be at probably 3% to 3.3%. So how should we think about how you want to roll that debt? Are you going to  what is that average term, 5 years, 7, 10, 15? Im just trying to get a
David Simon: The simple answer to it will be  it will be across the spectrum.
Rick Sokolov: But I would also say Michael, one of the things that we focus on a lot is the asset liability match and ours is primarily a 10-year lease business. So 10-year debt is primarily the sweet-spot of where were going to do most of our financing. But Id also tell you, go back and look at our weighted average cost-to-debt over the last four years, its come down 15 basis points, 20 basis points a year. That opportunity is certainly still out there for the next couple of years, the markets are in really good shape right now. And I would also tell you that one of the reasons that youre hesitant to do a large liability management trade is that the forward curve tends to overestimate where rates end up about 90% of the time. And David mentioned in his remarks the fragility of the consumer in the economy. Its hard to envision a scenario in the near-term where rates are going to run crazy, because I dont think the economy would continue to grow in a substantial rising credit environment.
David Simon: I  Michael and I will just say this. One of the things thats interesting, our floating-rate debt percentage is absolutely well below our peer group. It is 7%, if that, 5%, somewhere in that range. So were really not juicing our FFO by playing the floating-rate debt game.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Well, your debt also is materially lower as a percentage of your enterprise value. So its even a lower percentage. And you are sitting on $2 billion of cash.
David Simon: Yes. So what do you want me to do?
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: And youve got $1 billion of free cash flow a year. So what are you going to do?
David Simon: I dont know.
Richard Sokolov: I dont know.
David Simon: Come talk to me, Im lonely.
Richard Sokolov: We saw that Apple has still got $120 billion of cash, so weve some  weve got ways to go.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: So question, David, on Klpierre, BNP had to pay the U.S. government $9 billion fine. They are still sitting with a big stake in Klpierre and Im just curious, whether you as Simon, you as Klpierre, or you in conjunction with the third-party investor have gone to them and sort of said, hey, look, you are sitting here with $1.5 billion in this company, we can provide you some liquidity to pay your fine.
David Simon: Look, theyve been a terrific partner with us. We have a very good relationship. Theyve been very helpful on our involvement with Klpierre. So, beyond that I cant really say, Michael, anything more than that, other than they have been a pleasure to work with. And we  I have no  absolutely no indication at all that its been a good investment for them, they like the investment, other than that, I cant really say one thing or another on that front.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Should we expect status quo out of your ownership, I mean, how should we  I mean, it was clearly a good investment, where Europe has recovered. You are able to manage through their sales process and focus them, simonize them a little bit.
David Simon: Well, I do want to learn French. I think right now thats status quo, so
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Youve got to learn French to go up to Quebec.
David Simon: Thats true. Thats a different kind of French. Look, I think, just from that company, and they really are better off to speak for themselves. But they have done a great job turning around, they are starting to get mojo on the property level. The balance sheet is in good shape. So, the focus for them clearly will be on external activity going forward. And Im there to help them in any way I can or and  but thats the focus. Things are going well there, and theyve done a good job.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay. And just a clarification on the 3.3% total sales number you threw out, thats a quarter-over-quarter or trailing 12 number?
David Simon: Trailing 12.
Liz Zale: Yes.
David Simon: Trailing 12.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Do you have that number of what it was quarter-over-quarter, by any chance, total sales?
David Simon: We could, but I dont have it
Richard Sokolov: Dont have it in front of me
David Simon: We have it, but call Liz. She will give it to you.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: All right. Thanks, bye.
David Simon: You bet.
Liz Zale: Thanks.
Operator: With no further questions at this time, I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. David Simon for closing remarks.
David Simon: All right. Thank you for your interest and your questions and have a good rest of the summer.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liz Zale - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs David Simon - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Rick Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director Steve Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Michael Bilerman - Citi Christy McElroy - Citi Paul Morgan - MLV David Harris - Imperial Capital Ki Bin - SunTrust Craig Schmidt - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Daniel Busch - Green Street Advisors Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Ben Yang - Evercore Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2014 Simon Property Group Inc. earnings conference call. My name is Clinton, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only line. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Liz Zale, Senior VP of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Liz Zale: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to Simon Property Group's first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Rick Sokolov, our President and Chief Operating Officer and Steve Sterrett, our Chief Financial Officer, and we are also joined by Tom Ward, our new Vice President of Investor Relations. Before we begin, just a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please note that this call includes information that may only be accurate as of today's date and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available online at investors.simon.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce David Simon.
David Simon: Good morning. We had strong start to the year. Results in the quarter were led by FFO $2.38 per share, up 16.1% from the first quarter of 2013. Once again our FFO significantly exceeded the first call consensus estimate. Our growth strategy continues to generate significant value for our business. Overall business conditions are positive. Demand for space in our portfolio remain strong. Leasing activity is helping. We had occupancy growth of 80 basis points compared to Q1 2013 in the quarter is 95.5%, accelerating releasing spreads to $9.90 per square foot. Our comp NOI growth for malls and outlets was 3.7% despite higher cost from utilities and snow removal. If we normalize this, this affected our comp by roughly 90 basis points and as a point of reference comp NOI including The Mills and excluding the malls to be spun-off as part of WP was 5.3% for the quarter including the high cost of snow and utility removal. Now as reported, our retail sales were essentially flat and I would encourage you to look at our revenues as opposed to our retailer sales. As you know, if we had underperforming retailers we have the ability to replace them with better retailers at generally higher rents which generates higher SPG revenues and as I have said repeatedly current retail sales does not correlate to our ability to grow our cash flow and as a reminder, our consolidated revenues, the revenues that I focus on, grew by 8.2% for the year. These results are testament to the strength of our assets and the desirability of our locations. Now development construction continues on new premium outlets in Charlotte, Minneapolis, Montral and Vancouver, all high quality major markets and that remains our only focus in new development is in those kind of markets. Other new outlet projects in our development pipeline are moving forward. We have up to six additional new outlets expected to start construction in 2014 and 2015. Redevelopment and expansion projects are ongoing at 29 properties in the U.S., Asia and Mexico. We started construction on two important redevelopment projects in our portfolio. They include the relocation of Bloomingdale's at Stanford Mall in Palo Alto and the redevelopment of its former location to add 120,000 new square feet of space for small shops and restaurants and the relocation of Saks Fifth Avenue at Houston Galleria to a new prototype store plus the redevelopment of that existing of Saks and an expansion adding the 105000 square feet of luxury retail and restaurants. We also started construction on the expansion of Yeoju premium outlets in Seoul, Korea. That will add approximately 259,000 square feet and we have a healthy pipeline of other premium outlet expansion projects in the works. Desert Hills premium outlets in celebrating the opening of its expansion beginning this Thursday, adding 147,000 square feet and it is fully an example. As an example, the annualized NOI from this expansion will add $17 million to SPG's NOI, as it's a wholly-owned asset. Construction is ongoing to expand and enhance some of our most productive properties including Roosevelt Field, Woodbury Common, Lenox Square and Del Amo to name a few. Overall we continue to expect redevelopment investments of at least $1 billion annually through 2016 that will contribute incremental growth in NOI and strengthen the position of our assets in the respective geographic areas. On Klpierre, the transformative Carrefour deal selling 126 smaller assets for nearly 2 billion closed last week. McArthurGlen, our new investment in the outlet business in Europe is performing well. Our deal signed transactions during the first quarter included our acquisition of the remaining interest in Kravco Simon which held interest in a portfolio of 10 assets including King of Prussia Mall which we now own 100% and the acquisition of Arizona Mills bringing our interest to that center of 100% as well as development land in Oyster Bay, Long Island from the Taubman Centers. Just an update on Washington Prime Group. WP spin-off of 98 assets including our strip center business is expected to be completed in the second quarter. Recent activities include announced members of senior management team, an independent Board of Directors including Mark Orban as CEO. We are pleased also today to announce that Mark Richards will be joining WP as CFO. He is well respected and has worked with Mark successfully at Sunrise Senior Living. We received indicative investment grade range from three major credit agencies as follows, S&P BBB, Moody's BAA2, Fitch BBB. All three agencies provided a stable outlook. Very strong ratings out-of-the-box and comparable to many REITs that have been rated for a long time. The balance sheet will be ready to enable the company in its pursuit of cash flow growth. Completed financing activities on WP. Nine mortgages were closed in unsecured facility comprised of a $900 million revolving credit facility and a $500 million term loan were completed. Now let me turn to the SPG capital markets update. We completed a $1.2 billion senior unsecured notes offering in January with a weighted average duration of 7.5 years at an average coupon rate of 2.975%. The 65 basis point spread over treasuries for the five-year tranche is the tightest five years spread ever for a REIT. On March 14 Fitch upgraded our credit ratings to A. We are now at the mid-A level with all three of the agencies leading the REIT industry. We closed or locked rates on four new secured loans in the quarter totaling $860 million of which our share was $491 million and we expect to generate $1 billion of cash proceeds from the WP spin upon its completion. Early in April, we amended and extended our $4 billion unsecured multicurrency revolving credit facility to a June 2019 final maturity and we are able to reduce the interest rate to LIBOR plus 80 basis points on LIBOR plus 95 basis points, again the best in the market. We raised the dividend again this quarter to a $1.30 per share. That's an increase of $0.05 per share from last quarter and a year-over-year increase of 13%. We will pay at SPG at least $5.15 per common share in 2014 not including the WP expected dividend. As we said to you originally the WP expected dividend will create an overall effective dividend of $5.65 or another at least $0.50 on a one-for-one basis for WP spin. Now let's go to guidance. We revised our 2014 guidance upwards to $9.60 to $9.70 of FFO per share. This incorporates our strong performance in the first quarter. It raises both the top and the bottom by $0.10. It's based upon an annual comp NOI growth of at least 4% for combined mall and outlet portfolio. This FFO guidance is comparable basis with our 2013 results and ignores any potentially impact of the WP spin. Once the spin-off is completed, we will provide updated guidance through a press release reflecting what the impact of SPG will be for the balance of the year. So overall, we had a strong start to the year. We are absolutely focused on creating value for our properties and for our tenants and for our shareholders and now we are ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa of ISI Group. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group: Thanks. Good morning.
David Simon: Good morning.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group: Hi, David. I can appreciate your comment about tenant sales, how that doesn't directly impact your business short-term, but I was wondering if you guys could maybe try and isolate what the weather impact was and if you or Rick could maybe talk about regional sales performance and did you see any differences in places like Florida, Texas and California versus the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic and Midwest?
David Simon: I would refute your first statement, Steve, and I would suggest to you that the most important thing in terms of growing our cash flow is in fact what the market rents of our space are which are not determined by what current retailers are producing out of that space and what our rollover schedule looks like. And in fact if you see our rent spreads of nearly $10 per foot, that would indicate exactly, sure we do have some risk to overage rent as sales ebb and flow, but the fact of the matter is recurrent retail sales generally don't have an impact. And take an example, there are a number of the retailers that are really not performing that well for each one have a variety of reasons. That's in our sales numbers for our retailers, yet that has nothing to do with what the market value of that space can be. And so again, you should be obsessed with our sales. I am obsessed with our revenues, the SPG revenues. Retailers come and go. If we were worried about retail sales, this company was originally built, we had Kmart as our anchors. And if we had looked at Kmart sales, we would have suggested that our sales or our revenues could never grow, but in fact what we do here is we are able to replace underperforming retailers with better retailers and we are able to garner the market rent of what our space should be and that continues to go up. So this is not a short-term issue. This is an issue that's existed for the balance of this 50 year history of this company. So now Rick can mention regional, fact of the matter is, sure the weather, this company will never use weather as an excuse. It certainly affected our comp NOI by 90 basis points because of high utility snow. We often talk about the winter. That's in our rearview mirror. It certainly had an impact on our retailers that exist in our buildings, but it doesn't change the fundamentals of the fact that our business is solid. It has the ability to grow its cash flow. We have a long demonstrated track record of being able to do that and we will continue to do that but the markets that didn't have snow, et cetera, they were not as effective in terms of those retailers are reporting. I do remind you that the like to remind that the strip center which don't even report tenant sales, but Rick, I don't know if you want to add anything to it.
Rick Sokolov: I do. One thing, not only do we not use weather as an excuse with you. We do not allow our operating teams in any of our platforms to use weather as an excuse and we expect those results to be delivered. You will not be surprised to hear that the better markets where the Pacific, Florida, the Southwest and Las Vegas. And the markets that were most impacted by the weather were the Plains, the Great Lakes and the Mid-Atlantic. No great insights there, but as David said, we are managing through.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group: Okay, thanks, and then just on the leasing front. I know most of the leasing is done for this year, but Rick can you give us some insight as to what kind of leasing is done for next year?
Rick Sokolov: We are right on track with our leasing renewals and leasing the space this year and as we sit here today we are right where we were last year this time for this year, but there is increasing demand. As David said, our job is to curate our properties and bring in the most productive and the growing tenants and eliminate or downsize the tenants that are least provocative. And that's what we do on an ongoing basis.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Yes, actually this is Michael Bilerman, Citi. David, I just had one question just in terms of global expansion. I wasn't sure if your British conference call coordinator was on purpose or not. We are sort of yellow this business is clearly global. You have moved that global on all the regions. How do you feel about traditional retail and where are your thoughts are about that side of the business and pursuing more global expansion?
David Simon: Well, look, we have a great outlet platform in Asia. In fact, Stanley is over in Asia, I guess, tomorrow. It's tomorrow, right? So technically, here today ahead of our self. So we are looking at other Southeast Asia markets to expand our platform. We have been really successful everywhere in Asia in the outlet business. Japan, Korea, Malaysia. There is a number of Southeastern markets, not China, that are that are very interesting to us. So I would expect Michael to hopefully be able to build some new centers there. We have a good outlet potential in Mexico where we got a couple of new sites that we are pursuing aggressively, including the expansion of our one outlet there. The Brazilian outlet opportunity is somewhat dormant at this point. I couldn't find the right sites in the market know. We were fortuitous in that the market obviously is correcting there. So we have no capital at risk and we have nothing unnecessarily planned there. And then we have got McArthurGlen which we are very excited about not just the assets that we have interest in but also the development and management platform as well as some of their new expansion opportunities and new development. I was over there a couple weeks ago looking at one of their opportunities. So we think that that business will become more important to us over time. Turning to the full price, I think our model will continue to be opportunistic. We love in retrospect what happened at Klpierre. We went in there before anybody thought about investing in European real estate based upon two fundamental beliefs. One is that the cash flow is very sticky. So far so good, ex-Spain, which in fact was not very sticky but it means less and less to us now that we have sold this huge portfolio the Carrefour. We can help the company from a strategic point of view and get them retail focused and all the other things that we have been doing. Help them become better operators. All of which have, in fact, scarily have gone according to plan. So we want to be opportunistic. There is a lot of capital now in Europe. The U.K. is not a real focus for us. Prices are not necessarily cheap and they are not opportunistic and we had a disappointing experience there in retrospect to shareholders and the Board should have thought, the shareholders technically never get an opportunity but the Board should probably thought about it's response a little bit more thoroughly than it did. But that said, we are going to continue to be opportunistic. This is not glamorous and it's primarily the focus is if we can add and export our ability and the number one goal is to make money. I have no interest in building monuments.
Christy McElroy - Citi: Hi, David, it's Christy here. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about your new Simon Venture Group. Are you spending any time on this personally? How much capital what you anticipate investing over time? What sort of returns are you looking at? Can you give us some examples of the types of companies you are looking at?
David Simon: Well, sure. We have just hired Skyler Fernandes, who has early stage VC experience. We have made a couple of small investments before Skyler's involvement, with Jifiti and shopkick, I am sorry, I almost said Shop and Trick, which have been small investments and it's really the primary focus is in areas where we think it's going to apply the investment or the business model will apply to our physical environment. It could be a new retailer. It could be a new restaurant. It can be a new technology that is important to our consumers and our retailer. I think over time we could invest anywhere from $25 million to $50 million. We are going to do it very small. We don't want to have a big staff. If Skyler is listening, Skyler, you are going to have to do most of this on your own. I am involved. I met a couple of hours yesterday. We have got a couple of, these are $1 million up to $5 million investments a piece, but it's really trying to of focus on bettering our product, and we can do that through new retailers, restaurants. We can do that through new technology. We can do with through new services and we can do it in a way that can help our retailers who like the live which in fact is on the forefront of ultimately providing same-day delivery services to our consumers which seems to resonate with a number of our consumer. So that's the theory. It's going to morph. The good news is we only have really two investment mistakes over time that I called material, not material but, in China we only have got $0.75 on $1, but we learned that in China you have to be very careful. We also investment in technology in the late 90s. We learned a lot from that. The whole model has changed now because that actually had great ideas there but investing in building the stuff, this was before the cloud. We had to buy the routers, the servers. You had to build everything. Now you can essentially rent it all out. The economics is such that you are never going to have that kind of capital at risk to see whether or not a new idea or a new technology can germinate to something that's meaningful to our portfolio.
Christy McElroy - Citi: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Dan Oppenheim - Credit Suisse: Thanks very much. I was wondering if you can talk about the issue with the tenant sales talking about previously that the tenant sales doesn't matter but it's really the cash flow. Presumably the cost of occupancy overtime does matter. Its highlight of the team retailers. Should we assume that, given the comments on team retailers that ex that you are feeling quite good and confident about cost of occupancy overall?
David Simon: Well, yes, look, our business has, over its 50 year history, and 20 years as a public company where we produced unbelievable results, but we ask retailers that get hot, get cold, new concept, old concept. It's just the nature of our business. And again, occupancy costs are determined at a particular point in time, but it doesn't necessarily equate to what the market value of that rent is or that space is, because again that sale that's being generated out of that space is that particular retailer and that particular retailer could not be generating the sales that that particular space should be generating, That's where it relies on us to either relocate them or replace them with a newer better retailer. So again, if you looked at our top 10 tenants 20 years ago versus today and if you looked at our cash flow growth 20 years ago to today, despite all of the noise about particular retailers here in near, there is such strong evidence to support my statement. So occupancy costs is interesting but it's not a factor in what our ability to generate cash flow growth is. You have to look at the rollover schedule and how that equates to market rents, and market rents are determined based upon supply and demand. So in the office sector, you do the same thing. In the strip center sector, you do the same thing. In the industrial sector, you do the same thing. But here, for whatever reason, the mall industry has gotten away from cash flow growth as the important determinant in what the value of our company is and more what are the existing retailer sales. I don't buy that and I have never run this company based upon that and our track record is evidence of that. I don't know what else to tell you.
Dan Oppenheim - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Rick Sokolov: The only thing I would add is, that the underlying David's point about supply and demand, there is virtually no new supply. If you look over the last six years, supply has been growing 50 bips a year lower than the rate of our population growth. So we are in a very good supply dynamic for the foreseeable future.
David Simon: And again, retailers, it ebbs and it flows. Sometimes there is more retailers that are under pressure than sometimes not but you cannot replicate our buildings. You cannot build it. There is no new supply. And supply and demand is in our favor. Otherwise we couldn't grow our cash flow. It's that simple. And I encourage everybody. I hope this doesn't sound defensive but I encourage everybody to understand how we run the business, where we run it over a long period of time. We are always replacing retailers. Some of toughest calls that Rick and I get are the ones when we move an underperforming retailer out for a better performing retailer and the retailers that are underperforming, the fact that they could be there for five, 10 years and their rents are way under market. And it may look bad in their sales, but the fact is, it's welcome from us because we can replace them with a better tenants. Let's take lease settlement income as part of that discussion. The fact is that if somebody, like we had some recent settlement income. Sony is exiting the mall business. Sony is in A malls. If they pay me the present value of being in that space and I get that space back and I can lease it for current market value, you and me, you are not made of shareholders and analysts but you in a sense represent shareholders. You and me, have just done a good deed. We now get the present value of that space obligation. I get the space back. I can lease it for market rent. That's a win for us. And again, you have seen that over a period of time with retailers and the lease settlement income is being generated by our top centers. For whatever reason, certain retailers are not wanting to get out of the business or not performing well at this center has nothing to do with that center.
Dan Oppenheim - Credit Suisse: Thank you, and I guess one question in terms of the cash flow. There is a comment in terms of the NOI growth, ex-WP being 5.3%. Should we compare that 5.3% to 3.7%? And it would seem then that WP had much lower NOI growth but presumably a lot of the assets being in the Midwest and some in Mid-Atlantic would have some impact there.
David Simon: Well the real important thing we did was we put in The Mills there, which generated -- one of the things we are thinking about comments are welcome, is that we have not historically put The Mills comp NOI growth in our overall comp NOI but once the spin is done it's likely, we are happy to give input on this, it is likely that we will then put that in our comp NOI because these are big cash flow generating assets and it's probably they are the bigger assets which is consistent with what SPG is doing going forward focused on the bigger assets and it will probably be on our comp NOI pool. So we wanted to give you a flavor of what that comp NOI growth would be including The Mills. And there is some marginal benefit of the fact that if you were taking out the WP assets but it's marginal and you are correct in saying that because of the snow and utility costs and a lot of those centers are located in the areas the got whacked in the first quarter, you are correct in saying that that had some impact on that comp NOI as it did for SPG as a whole.
Dan Oppenheim - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan of MLV. Please proceed.
Paul Morgan - MLV: Hi. Good morning. David, I think your comment about market rent for space not being related to what the existing retailer is doing and I think maybe one of those, a great example might be just replacing department store space with small shops, any upside you see there, kind of like what you are doing at Stanford, but give us any sense of how many of those opportunities are in your pipeline? You announced a couple projects. The Phipps and the Pentagon City but is this something you are having discussions with department stores increasingly where they can you maybe downsize and you can recapture space at much higher rents? Any color?
David Simon: We are always looking for that and I will let Rick comment on it. It's interesting though while that neither one of those guys are leaving. They are actually getting new stores in that process but we are able to make the economics work because of the supply and demand of those particular assets. They are both antiquated physical plans. So we are able to make a win-win out of it in that we reclaim REIT demise their existing space, turn over to small shops. They get a brand new prototype store and it's a win-win but part of the lease settlement income that we generate in the first quarter was the full present value of the fact obligation for the mall where they paid us. They are leaving shortly.
Rick Sokolov: They are under construction.
David Simon: And we are going to reclaim that for small shops that's a mall that's close to $1,000 a foot, something like that. But thee is a handful of those. Rick you want to add? There are a handful of those kind of opportunities.
Rick Sokolov: And we are constantly mining the portfolio. We just announced literally an expansion at Pentagon. We have announced, David just talked about Florida mall. And both of those are just in addition to all of the things we completed over the last year and obviously we are always talking with our department stores about where they got space that we believe could be better deployed and we are in constant conversations about whether we can put it to better use. And sometimes it happens independent of us. A great example of that is DICK'S that is being added in one levels Sears in King of Prussia that we have basically done inside the Sears store but that's going to make that property substantially more productive by having DICK'S anchor around one level in Sears consolidating in a more productive box on one level.
Paul Morgan - MLV: My other question is related, but I think there has obviously been a lot of headlines about not just sales but mall traffic and then we have had a tick up in bankruptcies and store closing announcements and so but what you don't hear as much about is the retailers who are looking to backfill that space. Maybe I don't know, Rick, if you have some color about people who, for example, would be looking to take the Coldwater Creek stores that are liquidating or folks like that who have upped their store opening targets?
Rick Sokolov: David always makes fun of me when I rattle of the list of the tenants but the good news is that there is a very vibrant of group of tenants that are looking to expand. Lego, Athleta, H&M, Zara, Uniqlo, just a few, and Topshop, we are adding Topshop's in three places in the portfolio. There are, to David's point, historically there have always been tenant that are looking to do business in productive properties and to the extent the space we are getting back is in productive properties and happily that's the vast majority of our portfolio. We have users and we have demand at better rents and the opportunity to rightsize the space.
Paul Morgan - MLV: Great. Thanks.
David Simon: Yes, and just a comment on traffic. I would suggest to you that when a retailer talks about traffic, that may be their particular stores and may not be endemic of the mall's traffic and I would also caution, throw significant caution to the wind that there are a couple of, one company in particular that holds themselves out as the barometer of traffic in the mall industry and there data does not include any common area or inference data from the Simon Property Group and many other mall owners of a quality real estate and we don't know how and in fact what that traffic is that they report. So I just want to throw caution to the wind when you hear these general statements about traffic. Was traffic affected by the winter? And the fact is that malls, we have some statistic, which I don't even remember but how many days our malls were closed compared to last year was 10x of what it was. So that can happen. It happened. I just want you to throw caution to the wind when the media quotes traffic numbers, understand the source of that and its accuracy.
Paul Morgan - MLV: So you are saying your portfolio is doing better than what they are saying for the industry?
David Simon: I am saying, our traffic was affected by the weather and I am saying you look at our results and that gives you an indication of what's going on our portfolio.
Paul Morgan - MLV: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of David Harris of Imperial Capital.
David Harris - Imperial Capital: Good morning, everybody. The Carrefour sale by Klpierre, does that prompt any consideration for special dividend under the French REIT rules, David?
David Simon: No. The answer is no, because they have the ability to straddle years a little bit like this as well and they are also unwinding some hedges as part of that because they were over hedged. So there is some losses associate with that. The fact is, it will not end up in a situation where there is an unusual dividend spike. Dividend has been growing. Expect that to probably continue but there won't be something extraordinary associated with that sale.
David Harris - Imperial Capital: So the proceeds will be essentially used to delever the company, at least the initial thought?
David Simon: Correct. That's correct.
David Harris - Imperial Capital: Okay. Does that leave you looking for acquisitions in that company now as we go forward? Or are you happy with a lower level of leverage?
David Simon: No, I think the company is now in a position that it can look for opportunities, whether new development, expansions, some acquisitions here and there but they are clearly focused on, given the significant change they are very focused on growing the business now which two years ago when we got there, I would say it was a different scenario. So thankfully they have executed extremely well and they are looking for growth similar to what all major retail owners do. Do some developments, some expansion, some potential acquisitions here and there.
David Harris - Imperial Capital: Now your estimable CFO has not yet been given a speaking part, but I just wondered if there is any update on his replacement.
David Simon: Well, unfortunately, you have asked a question where he can't respond to that either.
David Harris - Imperial Capital: Well, I don't give great quarter, guys, but I wanted to throw in a compliment.
Steve Sterrett: Thank you.
David Simon: A pat on the back never hurts from anybody. So in any event, as you know we have been, it's very interesting, this company again, there is lot that gets lost in sauce. On one hand this week, we were going to open Desert Hills. It's going to be 100% leased and it's going to add $70 million of cash flow the company. At the same time, we hired a new venture guy. Europe is doing well. You got all the redevelopment. We are doing the WP deal, right and then obviously I have got the focus on Steve's replacement. So just from a, my point of view here, and this is probably, I am telling the people here, they are probably looking for me to say what I am going to say. So I have been thinking long and hard about this and as you know, the biggest focus we had over the last two or three months has been WP. That management team is basically set, done, which is very good news and it's a great team. They are young, energetic. It's got a mix of Simon trained folks. It's got our strip center entrepreneurial group and then it's got the outsider and a couple of his colleagues that I think ultimately will create their unique dynamic company that's really going to be hustling for growth. Now that that's said and it looks like the spin is, again subject to Board approval, winding around the last corner. I have been thinking more and more about this and I will probably have an opinion in a month or two but right now I am seriously considering internal candidates as the first line of defense. The good news is, we have got a great bench. We got guys that are savvy veterans, younger people that want to move up. We have a great culture here, and I think we can do it internally but I don't want to rush to judgment. I want WP to get done and then I think once that gets done, something could happen in the next four to eight weeks. That's probably news to everybody in this room but therein lies my thinking. So I hope you appreciate the honesty of my response.
David Harris - Imperial Capital: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ki Bin of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin - SunTrust: Thanks. I had just a couple of follow-ups. In terms of traffic data and your tenant replacement commentary, could you just talk a little bit, we are midway through April, almost May now and I wouldn't say it has been very warm, but have you seen some kind of catch up in the past couple months in terms of tenant traffic or sales or anything like that that might be a better indicator going forward?
Rick Sokolov: I think we can say that April is off to a much better start. We obviously had Easter moving from March into April. March was better than February. February was better than January and that trend is continuing in to April and we certainly anticipate that we will have some catch up.
Ki Bin - SunTrust: Okay and the second question. I am sure you guys get this all the time, but if you had to estimate, how many more outlets do you think in the U.S. that we absolutely could use? And how does that number compare to some of your, like in Europe where you are trying to expand?
David Simon: Well, again, if you look at some of the general industry publications, there is a pipeline of 50 and I would just say I don't believe that that whole pipeline will be built. I do think last year, 2013 and 2014 was going to be an active year. So I think you will see five or six or so in the next two, three, four, five years. So if I had to guess I think you are going to see probably 20 or so added over the next three, four, five years. I don't think it's going to be quite as frenzied as everybody thinks. I think we have a really good handle, as you might imagine, on this industry. So that's my own personal view, but I don't control. Developers are always pushing the limit. Whether four or five or six that outlets get built, it doesn't impact our outlet business and what we do. And as you know we are looking to only build in major markets where there really is unquestionable demand for the premium outlet product. If it's a marginal market, we are just going to pass and we have passed on a number of sites. Rick, you can add anything?
Rick Sokolov: The one thing that I would emphasize and David talked about in the context of Desert Hills, we are spending as much time and money expanding our existing great premium outlet as we are trying to build new ones. Desert Hills opens Thursday. We opened an expansion in Orlando. We opened an expansion at Seattle. We are under construction on Las Vegas North Downtown 147,000 feet. We are expanding Woodbury. We are expanding Chicago. And these are all among the best outlets in the United States. We are expanding Livermore and all of those expansions taken together are probably two or three new projects but they will be dramatically more productive, dramatically better returns and they have the benefit of enhancing what we already have.
Ki Bin - SunTrust: Okay, and a similar question, but how about for Europe? Do you see that potential of it being just a lot bigger?
David Simon: Yes, I think Europe, the right to build there is much more difficult but there is a pipeline that we have at MGE that we are going to pursue but it's lot tougher. It's a lot harder to get done. There is a lot more restrictions in terms of how outlets get viewed in Europe in terms of laws there. But if you do get the right to build, it's a terrific, terrific opportunity. So it will be more but I think it will be measured and we will have our share of that, but there is definitely part of what we want to do with MGE. It was in fact build some new centers in Europe.
Ki Bin - SunTrust: Okay. Thank you guys.
David Simon: Sure
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector of Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hi, it's Craig Schmidt for Jeff Spector. I was just wondering if we could spend a little time talking about The Mills. It seems like it has the highest return on redevelopments. Its minimum rents are growing well and it's also seemed to have done the best in terms of sales per square foot productivity since 4Q 2009, in terms of its lift. I know you were doing a lot of things at a lot of different Mills, but what's meeting with the biggest success to sort of drive this?
Rick Sokolov: Craig, it's Rick. I think that The Mills have been performing great and I think that some of it, hopefully a lot of it is attributable to us being able to broaden their appeal. What we have been able to do through our relationships is bring tenants that have been successful in premium outlet in The Mills operate off price concepts, and bring tenants into The Mills from the mall business to operate full price concepts. And that combination has been very compelling. So tenants like Victoria's Secret, Bath & Body Works are operating full price concepts and tenants like Michael Kors, Coach, Express are operating off price concepts. That combination has created, as David said, properties that are 1.5 to 2 million square feet doing hundreds of million of dollars of sales and providing unique franchise in each of the markets where they operate. So we have been very pleased with it and we are growing and we have got expansions underway at Sawgrass. We are working on redevelopments at Great Mall. We are working on expansion at Orange and there's a lot of growth runway to open that platform.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Is there any potential for a ground-up development of a Mills project at this point?
Rick Sokolov: I think that's going to be more difficult. Frankly there are not many markets left in the United States that can support a 2 million square feet ground up development that does $500 million and $700 million from day one. So I would not look for that.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then the Yeoju expansion, the premium outlet. Is there any direction that you want to take the new tenants that you are bringing into that project?
David Simon: It will continue to be the high-end tenants there. The existing center has a great tenant mix. So there will continue to be of all the American as well as European brands and the international companies. It is a international retail mix. There are some Korean retailers, but by and large its all the brands that you are familiar with.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then hopefully this is the Steve Sterrett question. The pickup in other income, will we see that going forward? Will we have as active a land sales and/or the lease settlement? Or should we assume that that starts to resemble 2013?
Steve Sterrett: Craig, Rick and David talked a lot about the lease settlement income of and I think we did have a fair bit of that activity in the first quarter. I wouldn't expect that level of activity to go through the rest of the year and land sales, as you know, are pretty lumpy but I certainly wouldn't expect that level of activity for the rest of the year.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Hello, good morning. Just two questions here. First up, on the line of credit, you guys now have I think almost $7 billion if you include the accordions of capacity, which seems like an awful lot just given that if you guys wanted to do anything I would assume that you would have a line of bankers outside of Indy and 399 Park in less than an hour. Is more of this insurance? Like as you guys pay the facility fee, is more of this just the comfort of knowing that you have that? Or is there something else, like just preparing for the next credit crisis or something, just to know that, God forbid, you had to put on major mortgages or refinancings that you just had that available?
Steve Sterrett: Well, Alex, it's Steve. I do think if you look at our debt maturity schedule, we do have $2 billion to $3 billion of debt maturing a year. We are a large company. We did have, people tend to forget, that we did have an instance, not all that long ago, in this country where the capital markets were pretty dysfunctional for an extended period of time. So we have been operating under a philosophy that we want $5 billion to $6 billion of liquidity at all times. Call it insurance. Call it what you want. But I think that's prudent for a company our size.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Okay, and then just a second question is, what are the next steps or what else needs to be done before the Board can declare Washington Prime good to go?
David Simon: Well, we just have to become effective with the SEC, which we are getting closer and closer. The Board has got to review all the final things and then we make an announcement. So its moving quickly and so it's just a process, essentially just becoming effective with the SEC and then Board approval and we are off to the races.
Steve Sterrett: And you saw, Alex, we filed another amendment to the Form 10 yesterday, the amendment number 3. So we are, as David mentioned, getting down to the short strokes.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Okay, so this is just all the back and forth where they give you comments and hopefully that list of comments is getting smaller and smaller and then it's good?
David Simon: Yes.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Okay, perfect.
Steve Sterrett: If you are excited, you can read the 600 pages of total documents if you have nothing to do this weekend.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: You know, my kids were saying, Daddy, we like you doing boring Daddy work. We don't like playing with you. So I will do that. Listen, thanks.
David Simon: All right. No worries. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Daniel Busch of Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Daniel Busch - Green Street Advisors: Thank you. David, following the WP spin off of the smaller SPG malls and strip centers, will there be any other remaining malls in the portfolio that you would consider non-core and could be potential candidates for disposition?
David Simon: Well, we will always going to be portfolio manage our asset. So the answer to that is sure. We have partners in some assets. Partners may want to sell. We may agree with them. So yes, sure. We are always going to portfolio manage our asset base.
Daniel Busch - Green Street Advisors: Okay, and it appears like there's a growing number of B and C malls coming to the market. Do you have a sense of what the demand is for that type of quality? Is it similar to the quality that WP is?
David Simon: Well, I don't want to -- again, WP's malls are all sorts of the references from the analytic community. My view of WP's malls are there is the one overriding point is that they are smaller. They are just not big malls. I will let you decide whether that's a B-mall or C-mall, an A-mall. I don't think about it like that. I look at the cash flow what's the sustainability of the cash flow. Is that a market where you can grow the cash flow and the one thing that I will bring with is that they are smaller than our average mall. We think those assets because as we have gotten bigger over time and focused on the bigger assets, they tend to lose the day in and day out focus that they deserve. So with that preamble said, look there is a lot of capital in the real estate industry generally for all sorts of assets and money wants to be put to work in the top quality assets in redevelopment assets, in new development across the specter in hotels, retail, office et cetera and I think WP will be able to take advantage of whatever strategy ultimately they put together. But there are buyers for everything right now in any assets. I look at your NAV analysis and I can tell you, our partner is selling a mall and the cap rate is blowing me away in terms of how low it is. So there is a lot of capital for retail real estate in every bucket and to some extent there is product available and to some extent there is less product available but I expect a lot of trades to happen.
Daniel Busch - Green Street Advisors: Great, thank you.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning or afternoon to you guys. I just want to go back to the releasing spreads. On a percentage basis, they have been improving for quite a few quarters here now in a row. I am just curious if you could break that down between sort of what's driving that? Is it more market rent increases? Or is it just the base of the malls that are on spaces that are closing? Is it maybe not growing or is going the other way?
Rick Sokolov: Fundamentally, we just have a very good supply and demand dynamic. I would tell you that when you look at our spread calculations, they include almost eight million square feet of space. So it is less susceptible but specific project influences are much more representative of the overall trends throughout our business and we are just able to lease our product at higher rents because frankly I do believe our properties are taking market share and we are having a more desirable portfolio for the retailers to want to operate in.
David Simon: But simply put, the expiring rent is just lower than the market rent. So there is a lot of reasons for that. But that's the simple answer. So if you look at our expiring rent schedule and you see where our market rents are, therein lies why we have the spread which therein lies why we have the ability to increase our cash flow year after year after year. Again you may notice I believe Q1 comp last year was 5%, something like that.
Steve Sterrett: Yes.
David Simon: So our 3.7% was off of a base of 5% that 3.7%, as I mentioned was hurt 90 basis points by extraordinary costs associated with the harsh winter. So you can normalize and do whatever you want with it but that's just how we would look at it and but its that simple. Now notice I didn't talk about retail sales. I talked about market rent.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Right, and that's what I am trying to get at. I guess maybe asking another way is, how (inaudible) market rents for your portfolio have gone up, say, over the last year or so as opposed to the spread, which --?
David Simon: The good news is that its clearly gone up because you have seen the spread accelerate.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and maybe just another topic. I know its early days in your ownership there on the Oyster Bay development, but is there any update on how the development planning process is going over there?
David Simon: It's very early days. So really nothing to add there other than we are excited about the opportunity. Our partners are excited about the opportunity. We very much look forward to working with the town to fine a win-win. So we think it's a great opportunity for us and it will be a high priority for us over the next year or so as we go through the process.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks.
David Simon: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Yes, good afternoon. Going back to development and redevelopment yields, also noticed that you took up the yield on the outlet development to 10% from 9% last quarter. Just wondering what was driving that?
Steve Sterrett: Two things. One, we been able to bring in our cost at a little below budget. Two, we have got a lot of demand and we been able to lease it at higher rents. Hence we got higher returns.
David Simon: I would say it differently. I would say typically they sandbag us on the rent they charge but we let it get approved in any event. So it's all about setting expectations. Isn't it?
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Very much so. Were there any particular assets that kind of drove the average up? Or is this kind of happening across the entire development portfolio?
David Simon: Pretty much across the board, we are seeing those trends.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Okay, that's helpful, and then just staying on the outlet side, again there was some news out there a few days ago about Charlotte, North Carolina and the whole process of your development there, some pushback from local residents. Just kind of curious if you could opine on that?
David Simon: It's opening on July 31 of this year and it's very well leased and we are in very good shape there.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Okay, that is helpful, and then last one from me. This one to Steve. Credit provisioning levels also went up during the quarter. Just kind of curious what you are seeing from that perspective and what we should be modeling going forward.
Steve Sterrett: Tayo, we talked a lot over the last few years about that expense being really low. I think what you saw this quarter is just a bit of a reversion to the mean. If you look in the context of $5 billion plus of consolidated revenues, I think we billed north of $7 billion a year to the tenants. Having $5 million of bad debt expense a quarter is still pretty de minimis, but I think that's probably more reflective of the run rate that we are going to see this year.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Is that reflective, you are just updating your estimates or are you actually seeing more issues with the tenants themselves that's actually causing an actual increase in that number?
David Simon: No, it's a bit of a combination of both. Our overall receivable level is still pretty well but interestingly enough our bad debt reserve is pretty much formulate driven and because you have had more tenant either announce store closings or in a couple of cases go into bankruptcy, we reserve a higher percentage of outstandings against the types of tenants and it generated a slightly higher bad debt expense this quarter.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies: Great. Thank you very much.
David Simon: Tayo, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ben Yang of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Ben Yang - Evercore: Yes, hi, thanks. Maybe just building on the earlier lease spread question, I believe your spreads are based on openings and closings. So I was just wondering if you could maybe talk about spreads based on signed leases? Maybe what that trend has been? And also maybe how that compares with that 19.5% that you report in your supplemental.
Steve Sterrett: Ben, you are right in that the spread is based on cash closing rent compared to cash opening rent, but because the population, as Rick mentioned, is still large, I mean it's eight million square feet at any one point in time. Looking at it on a signed basis relative to the actual opening isn't going to move the number up a lot, but I will echo what Rick said earlier that demand for space is good, deal quality continues to improve overall. We have been pleased to see the continued acceleration in the leasing spreads but looking at it from a signed basis to an actual opening basis isn't going to materially move the number.
Ben Yang - Evercore: Okay, got it, that's helpful, and then also you talked a little bit about the lease termination income. Was that all Sony? Or were there other retailers in that mix? And maybe also, since it's a lot higher, can you also offer what your guidance is for the full year on that line item?
David Simon: Yes, we don't like to do that but we have the Sony and then I mentioned about the other department store scenario. So that gives you the bulk of it more or less.
Steve Sterrett: In commenting, Ben, on the volume of it, if you look back over our last several years, we have averaged $20 million to $25 million a year of lease settlement income. We just happen to have a larger chunk of that in the first quarter. Could it be more f significant in 2014 than it has been in n the last of couple years? Well, we are certainly off to start, and as David and Rick mentioned, because a couple of the lumpy things that have occurred in the first quarter, it could trend a little higher but it's certainly not going to trend at the same level we saw in the first quarter.
David Simon: Yes, and again, I want to emphasize this is a --
Steve Sterrett: It's a good thing.
David Simon: It's a good thing because again I don't lose the space. I just get at present value the lease obligation or very close to it. Then I have the ability to lease the space out. So it is not something, we have got to get the right values. We do lots of analysis, as you might imagine. We are very sophisticated on this front.
Steve Sterrett: Or typically we don't execute it until we have got our replacement in place.
David Simon: But this is not a bad thing at all.
Ben Yang - Evercore: All right, I totally get it, it's not bad, but could it tick higher to that $20 million to $25 million that you have historically reported in the past?
David Simon: It has a chance this year primarily because we did the one big deal with the department store which I would say is somewhat out of the ordinary.
Ben Yang - Evercore: I mean, was that big deal, was that kind of baked into your earlier guidance? I am just kind of wondering if that was?
David Simon: Yes.
Ben Yang - Evercore: Okay, got it.,
David Simon: Absolutely. That's been in the works for two, three years.
Ben Yang - Evercore: Okay, helpful, maybe final question. You talked a little bit about the other income in your consolidated. Why exactly did the other income in your joint venture also go higher?
David Simon: Its part of the big lease settlement that I mentioned was in its of JV property.
Steve Sterrett: Yes, the biggest drivers of the movement in that number though, Ben, is the nature of some of the income that flows through from McArthurGlen. A lot of it service related income. As you know, we own half of the economics of the development and management business. So that's the primary driver of that.
Ben Yang - Evercore: Got it. Thank you.
David Simon: Sure. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Yes, hi, thanks. Just following up on that real quick. So the $11 million is consolidated. What is the overall pro rata number for lease term this quarter? And when you talked about $20 million to $25 million normally, is that a consolidated number or is that the pro rata number?
Steve Sterrett: The $20 million to $25 million would be the annual run rate, kind of on a pro rata basis, Michael.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Got it, and what was the full pro rata in Q1 then?
Steve Sterrett: It was high-teens.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Got it, okay, and then last question. I guess historically you have talked about development spend having a bit at least about $1 billion a year for the next few years. As you look out from this standpoint, how many years out does that generally account for at this point?
David Simon: Well, we have said through 2016, but it is not set in stone.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Got it, okay, great. Thanks.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan of Cowen Group. Please go ahead.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group: Yes, thank you. Just one quick question, I guess for David and Rick. The so-called fast retailing tenants have been growing pretty dramatically in your properties for a number of years now and I think it shows up with Forever 21 being now a top 10 tenant and an average store size, just looking at the metrics and the setup of more than 10,000 square feet. Historically, of course, you have excluded stores of more than 10,000 square feet in the sales productivity number. I just wonder if, given the ambitious plans of cohorts like H&M and Uniqlo, whether you have given any consideration to perhaps including the fast retailing productivity and the reported productivity, given how important they seem to be and look like it's going to increase in importance.
David Simon: Well, Jim, if you had listened to my --
Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group: I heard every word.
David Simon: Yes, if you listened to my discussion on tenant sales, I would suggest to you, it's an interesting derivative, there's no correlation and the fact is there's no other industry that I know that's focused on retail sales. Therefore this is what's going on with your property. I before saying look at our cash flow and measure us on that basis. And I think somehow the industry is gotten off track here by being the most important metric. I look at the analyst report that came out that even though we beat consensus by $0.14 or something like that, we had unbelievable historical growth. Our comp NOI has grown year after year. It was up marginally in the great recession. The balance sheet is AAA. We are adding all this new development. The one constant dialogue I got was the tenant sales, right. So you want more of that. So I can read more of that. So somehow I am happy have this we discussed with you and other shareholders but somehow we are losing track that retailers come and go. This company was built based upon Kmart leases, okay?
Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group: No, I understand all that. I just think the point is that fast retailing, as a format, does seem to be, in terms of its size, Forever 21 is an in-line tenant and I have no idea, by the way, what their productivity is. It's simply that they are now a top 10 tenant and H&M and Uniqlo have pretty ambitious expansion plans as well. And I was just, all I am doing is suggesting that the original reason for excluding tenants of over 10,000 square feet, I just wonder if it still applies when we think about that type of retailer.
David Simon: I don't think as the mix has broadened in these centers, that metric is probably less and less important. What happens if we bring in service tenants or we take a department store down and put in an office building or an apartment complex. I think we are losing sight of, its real estate and it's about organic cash flow growth and it's not about what particular person is doing in a particular space because again we own the real estate, they don't perform we get it back and then the next question is what can we do with that real estate. So I will tell you what, I will put it in there if you talk about it on page 10 and not on page one. Okay.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group: Well, I will just say for my note, by the way, I stressed if people want more space and are willing to pay more for it, what's the key driver. So not guilty as charged here, at least in that respect. And just one other question I had for you, and this maybe is a Rick question. The development activity number went up a little close to $300 million at the end of the first quarter versus the end of the year. Am I correct in assuming, Rick, that as far as the mall category, which is where it all took place, that that number didn't include your announcements on Pentagon and Phipps, number one? Number two, that it would be virtually all the Simon post-spin malls that we are talking about there?
Rick Sokolov: Well, you shouldn't presume the latter because we are reporting everything in a combined basis so far. So in that regard, there is capital attributable to these post-spin assets we are doing things. Houston Galleria has started. We have also started on Florida Mall. So a number of new ones have come in to that mix but it is not a function of post-spin or pre-spin and it does not yet include Pentagon or Phipps. We just announced those will be starting construction this quarter.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group: So the -- sorry.
David Simon: Go ahead, Jim.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group: Sorry, go ahead. Yes, I was just going to say post-spin, and I just want to make sure I understood the comments you made earlier regarding the level of development activity that we should expect from Simon post-spin. Obviously, it sounds like it's going to be the same kind of number as we have been thinking about historically for the company. Obviously the contribution should be relatively greater given that the post-spin company base is going to be a little bit smaller. But is there an opportunity in these malls that there could be an accelerated, an increased level of major expansion spending, given that where you are spending the money and the big money seems to be on the biggest, strongest assets where the demand is really very strong?
Rick Sokolov: Certainly that is going to come about and where we got some of the other projects that we are working on that we hope to announce. We have already talked about connection to King of Prussia. So there are other nine bigger projects coming down the road including Copley that are going to certainly continue that level of spend in the post-spin side.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group: Okay, very good. Thank you, guys.
David Simon: And I was just going to add, Jim, just to make sure everyone that's still on the call, all of our numbers that we reported all include the WP assets, occupancy sales, comp NOI, all of the 8-K step is all including the WP all of that. Just to make sure everybody understands that.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to management for closing remarks.
David Simon: Okay, thank you. Before we conclude today's call for our stockholders that maybe on this call, our annual meeting is May 15 and hopefully you are seeing our proxy statement that we filed on April 10. Your vote is very important to us and the Board has unanimously recommended that stockholders vote for all of the proposals and I would ask you to please vote for all of the proposals. If you have not seen the proxy statement, then you can download a copy by visiting annualmeeting.simon.com. And thank you everyone for your time today.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. This concludes the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Zale - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Communications David E. Simon - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Stephen E. Sterrett - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard S. Sokolov - Director, President, and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Josh Patinkin Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2013 Simon Property Group Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Allison, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the call over to Liz Zale, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, Ma'am.
Elizabeth A. Zale: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Simon Property Group's fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please also note that this call includes information that may only be accurate as of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the supplemental information in today's Form 8-K filing. Both the press release and the supplemental information are available on our Investor Relations website, investor.simon.com. With that, we will start the call. And I would like to introduce David Simon.
David E. Simon: Okay. Thanks, Liz. Good morning. We had strong results to wrap up 2013, which also was our 20th year as a public company. First, let me talk about the quarter's strong performance. Given the growth in our core business, we continue to see a positive impact on our growth strategy, which basically is comprised of investing in our existing assets to expand and to meet the retailer demand, enhance productivity, continue to develop new outlets and make smart, thoughtful, accretive acquisitions. FFO was $2.47 per share, up 7.9% for the fourth quarter compared to 2012. Our FFO exceeded the first call consensus again by $0.05 per share. For our mall and Premium Outlets, comparable property NOI growth was 5.5% for the quarter, driven by basement rent increase; occupancy, up 80 basis points to 96.1%; and the continuation of positive sales from 2012. Our releasing spread continues to grow. It was a positive 16.8% or $8.94 per square foot, with much of the improvement driven by better leasing execution in the malls, while Premium Outlets spread continues to be robust. Mills comparable NOI was up 11% for the quarter, 10.8% for the year, driven by all the other factors I just went through. For the year, our FFO in total was $3.2 billion, an increase of $321 million from 2012. This resulted in a per share FFO growth of 10.9% to $8.85 per share. This was $0.46 above where the consensus started in early 2013 at $8.39. Our performance was driven by thoughtful capital allocation, and I'm proud of the execution of the team. We opened 5 new Premium Outlets this year, 3 in North America and 2 in Asia. We invested, in total, $942 million in new and redevelopment projects in response to retailer demand and customer needs. These projects are all off to very good starts, and we'll increase the productivity of our assets. We completed $1.05 billion of acquisitions, including the expansion of our European presence, with the investment in McArthurGlen's Designer Outlet assets and the management development company. We also, in January, acquired our joint venture partner's remaining interest in Kravco Simon, which is -- owns 10 assets. We now own 100% of King of Prussia mall, which is an iconic asset with a major expansion in the works. We strengthened and we also disposed the 49 core retail assets, as well as announced our spinoff transaction, which we'll talk about in a moment. We see strength across our portfolio and platforms. Occupancy continues to rise, which is a sign of retailer demand. The majority of our existing leases are under market. Ongoing NOI growth is supported by our ability to replace underperforming retailers. And as a final note on the operations, our operating profit margin grew by 60 basis points to 71.7% in 2013. In the quarter, the fourth quarter that is, we broke ground on Premium Outlets in Montral in early October and construction is underway. It's cold up there, but it's still -- we're still working. Construction also continues on new developments in Vancouver, Minneapolis and Charlotte. Less cold and our pipeline includes 6 additional new outlets expected to start construction in 2014, 2015. Redevelopment expansions are ongoing at 25 properties in the U.S., Asia and Mexico. We opened 2 in the fourth quarter, the shops at Nanuet, Walt Whitman in Long Island. Please go visit. Well executed, thank you for the team -- thank you to the team. Also, open expansion and number of other properties in the fourth quarter, including Orlando Premium Outlets at Vineland and Johor Premium Outlets in Malaysia. Construction is ongoing to expand-enhance some of our most productive properties, which please do not lose sight of Roosevelt Field, Woodbury Common, Houston Galleria, Lenox Square, Del Amo and Desert Hills just to name a few. Overall, our multi-year pipeline of new development and redevelopment expansion projects will continue to drive growth NOI and in the future. And our pipeline continues to -- we expect to invest approximately $1 billion annually through 2016. To give you a quick international update, Klpierre will report next week. But I'm proud of the fact that the company, with our help, has implemented a very thoughtful strategy. We've strengthened the balance sheet. We've improved operations and focused on cash flow growth. We have now signed and we were instrumental in the deal with Carrefour to sell smaller assets in order to focus on larger and more productive centers. We are exiting the office business. That will be completed shortly, including selling the headquarter building. We've strengthened the management with the hiring of Jean-Marc Jestin as COO. And we're focused on capital allocation among their different markets and continue to work on leasing and marketing opportunities. Together, the European retail recovery is stable and continuing. And then just to finally mention that we did close McArthurGlen. I was actually there at both places this week, a day with McArthurGlen, 2 days with Klpierre. The opportunities -- McArthurGlen are there. We've got development and expansion projects to consider and continue to be impressed with where Klpierre is headed. Now just to talk briefly about SpinCo. We have -- as you know, we won't go into much detail today about it, but we plan to spin off our strip center business in 44 smaller enclosed malls. We believe this will create additional value for Simon Property Group shareholders and be a good investment vehicle for SpinCo. We have yet to name the names. SpinCo is not the name, okay? SpinCo is not the name. And we're open to any ideas out there for any names. Please send them to us. We expect the transaction to be effective in the second quarter of 2014. We'll provide further updates as it's available, but everything is moving absolutely according to plan there. Fourth quarter capital market activity, we were busy. We closed or locked rates on 10 new secured loans, totaling approximately $2.2 billion. Our share of that is roughly $1 billion. Including in the fourth quarter activity is the $1.2 billion refinance at Aventura Mall at a rate of 2.75. In January, as you know, we announced and closed a bid offering of $1.2 billion of senior notes with a combined weighted average duration of 7.5 years and an average coupon rate of just under 3%. Demand was very robust for these bonds. We're using the proceeds for general corporate purposes and to repay debt, including the unencumbering of $820 million mortgage on Sawgrass Mills. Dividend, we increased the dividend again in the first quarter, $1 to $1.25. That's a year-over-year increase of 8.7%. SPG, which not including SpinCo, will now pay, as you know, at least $5 in 2014. Now I would just take a moment to talk about something and I'll turn to '14. I'd like to make an announcement regarding our management team. Steve Sterrett, our long-term CFO, will be retiring in March of 2015. So he will be staying on board through another full fiscal year in our process. It's hard to overstate the contributions that Steve has made to our company. And I know I speak for everyone when I say we will be sorry to see him go. As many of you know, Steve has been with the company for 20 years during the period of extraordinary growth. Throughout it all, Steve's contributions have been immeasurable. We will conduct a search during the next few months for Steve's replacement. Expect to consider both internal and external candidates. And having Steve available for the rest of 2014 in the audit cycle will helpful and ensure a smooth transition. And he will still not be able to beat me on a consistent basis in golf. Now let me just talk about 2014. I'm sure he'll have a response to that, by the way, but let's talk about 2014. Guidance is in a range of $9.50 to $9.60. This represents at the midpoint growth rate of 8%. This is based on comparable NOI growth of at least 4% for a combined mall and outlet portfolio. This FFO guidance is on a comparable basis for 2013 and ignores any potential impact of SpinCo. When SpinCo is effective, we'll provide updated and adjust the range for SPG, as well as provide a range for SpinCo. And now let me conclude. We had a great year, a great fourth quarter. We continue to prioritize the creation of the value for our properties, our retailers and our shareholders. We believe we have very great prospects for 2014. And we're now ready for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum of UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'm here with Jeremy Metz. Can you break out the terms for the Kravco purchase, as well as for Oyster Bay and Arizona Mills, how you broke out the consideration for those?
David E. Simon: Well the Kravco purchase was a -- basically, we had to put in a call at a combined cap rate of...
Stephen E. Sterrett: A little bit over 8%.
David E. Simon: A little over 8%.
Stephen E. Sterrett: And as well as 113%.
David E. Simon: 113%. And we -- what was your next question?
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: On Oyster Bay and Arizona Mills, how did the consideration break out between those assets?
David E. Simon: Well that was a private negotiation, and we will not be going through that.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, when can we expect an update on SpinCo management? Can you talk a little bit about that?
David E. Simon: We got initial comments from the SEC, so we're in that process. We are -- have identified both an internal and external candidate that we're having serious discussions with. And now we would hope to conclude that over the next few weeks. And as soon as we do, I'm sure it will be part of our filing. The board's pretty much set, and it's going according to plan.
Operator: And the next question comes from Nathan Isbee of Stifel.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: The portfolio continues to perform very well, but there's clearly a lot of questions swirling around shopper traffic, shopper habits, et cetera. Could you maybe comment on what you're seeing? Are we seeing a sea change in retail as characterized by Starbucks last week? And what do you think this impact could have on your business over the next few years?
David E. Simon: Well, look, we've been doing this for quite some time. And I think we have to put the fourth quarter sales into perspective. First of all, and these are just some thoughts off the top of my head, we are absolutely believers that our business will continue to grow. But let me just talk about the fourth quarter because I do think we were at the point of a little bit of overreaction. Clearly, in '13, there was a move toward global goods, which happens in certain cycles. And as the second half of the year came about, I do think the consumer was relatively cautious. We had a short season. There was, obviously, lots of weather issues for certain parts of the country. And I don't think what's put in perspective, which I listened to the pundits on TV and elsewhere, not just on TV but elsewhere, but between the confusion of ObamaCare and taxes did raise pretty materially for the consumer, you have what I'll call a -- I don't know if it was a perfect storm, but you have a lot of this stuff all come together or that basically resulted in the consumer being very cautious. The pundits, I've heard this stuff about malls in the Internet, obviously, having the right retailers, the right customer service, the right look and feel of the properties will continue to hold our own in that space without question.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you're not seeing anything at the ground level that indicates shopper traffic is roughly 50% over the last 3 years or anything like that?
David E. Simon: 50%?
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Well, that's what ShopperTrak says.
David E. Simon: Well, let me talk about -- I'm not going to name names. But we don't use them, and we don't know how reliable a lot of those traffic numbers are. And we'll leave it at that. The answer is, all I can tell you, Nate, is look at our results. That's all I can tell you is look at our results. I think you know at this point, doing this for 20 years and continuing to beat everybody's expectations about the profitability of what this company can't produce, I would suggest to you that things are not what others say they are. And I'll leave it at that.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. I mean, in the -- over the last few years, you have discussed various initiatives of helping and embracing online and developing something at the Simon level. Any update on that?
David E. Simon: Well it would take 30 minutes on this call, but we're happy to go through that in great detail. We have a significant amount of initiatives that we're embarking upon to improve the consumer experience, whether pre-mall or during mall visit. And we are absolutely embracing technology and how it can -- how it could be used effectively to make the consumer more satisfied during their visit or as they come to the mall. The retailers feel the absolute same way. And there's probably 20-plus things that are ongoing in this company, individually, collectively with the mall industry, as well as in conjunction with the retailers that we're working on. But it's -- there are so many that I can't do it at this call, but we're happy to share those as they get rolled out.
Operator: And your next question comes from Josh Patinkin of BMO Capital Markets.
Josh Patinkin: I'm trying to get a better sense of what the opportunity to consolidate McArthurGlen managed funds look like. So it's obviously not programmatic, but can you give us a general sense for the total size of the enterprise and what could come up in the next few years?
David E. Simon: Yes, they're a leader in that industry. I think we'll have opportunities to grow that business through new development and extensions of existing assets, as well as acquisitions of assets that either they manage and own a small piece of and/or others that do. But it's really -- I'm not in the position to give you a specific number. But as you know, we've taken our platforms over the years and run them significantly. It reminds me of the outlet business when we entered into it in 2004. We have roughly grown. We have -- if I could put the numbers correctly, we have increased the cash flow of that business roughly 4x. And needless to say, you take the 4x plus the reduction in cap rate, and you'd see the value created there. I think it's harder to develop in Asia, but a great team, good people and we'll just take it a step at a time.
Josh Patinkin: Okay. And then more globally on outlets, you built a lot of centers last decade. And so is there a big sea change in the leasing conversation as you approach tenure rollovers? And do you think higher occupancy cost will become more acceptable to merchants in that business?
David E. Simon: I'll turn it to Rick to [indiscernible].
Richard S. Sokolov: Absolutely, we are seeing an ability to increase our rents. We have significant demand in the outlet sector. If you listen to the retailers, there are many retailers that are entering the sector for the first time as an additional prong and bare growth strategy. And where you have a lot of demand you're able to drive rates, our properties are very productive. We're making them better. And that does give us pricing power.
Operator: And your next question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So I wanted to go back to Nate's question and ask it a little in a different way, more from a leasing perspective. As we sort of hear more from retailers about the integration of their bricks-and-mortar business with their e-commerce business, so I'm thinking about the longer-term omni-channel initiatives. I'm wondering if you could give us some perspective on how the changes are impacting sort of the leasing cost and how you would expect it to evolve over time? So first, how the retailers are thinking about occupancy costs. You addressed it a little bit in terms of the outlet, but I'm thinking about the [indiscernible] either -- just thinking about the sales within the 4 walls of the store versus sort of the value of that locations, the overall.
David E. Simon: I think the good news for us, as mall owners, is I expect them to drive traffic and distribute through their store. So what it means, I believe, over time is that, that store location will become more valuable because instead of building a bunch of distribution centers or trying to figure out how to get various online purchases to the consumer, the most effective and perhaps cost-effective way for them to do it is by using their existing store. Now that means that they're going to have to have a better handle on store and create algorithms in terms of what can be distributed out to the store or not. But I think what it's going to ultimately mean is that they're going to drive purchase -- drive sales through those stores, which, as far as we're concerned and what's in our leases and we'll continue to be, is those sales will be generated from that store. So I don't -- now if they have the store that's losing money, they're not going to keep it open, but that's been that way for 30 years, 40 years. So -- but that's what I anticipate.
Stephen E. Sterrett: The only other thing I would add and I think it's a very significant advantage to our retailers and in David and my discussions with them, they are very focused on it. It's the ability to fulfill their orders online out of their stores and reorient it to whatever store has the appropriate inventory, that's going to have, in their opinion, significant margin enhancement possibility because they won't be able to have less markdowns by selling at full price goods that might otherwise have to be discounted in various locations. And they're all spending a great deal of time getting that backbone in place to effectuate that.
David E. Simon: The one thing that people have questioned is whether they're going turn these stores into showrooms. And the fact of the matter is, I talked to a very prominent retailer CEO about this issue. They lose sales when they do that, okay? So -- especially when it becomes apparel. So I don't believe that if they want -- if this retailer continues to have an enviable bricks-and-mortar strategy that they are going to get in a point where it's a showroom because people want to -- continue to want to make sure that the size looks right on all that other stuff, okay?
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So as it becomes more of a supply-demand of that location issue versus an occupancy cost when negotiating the rent, and how do you attribute as they further integrate their business with e-commerce, how do you attribute the specific sales of that store when reporting up to you?
David E. Simon: It's easy. They'd have to keep track of it. That's simple, if it goes through their POS, and it's going to have to if the stores - that the inventories in the store. That's a simple exercise. We have audit -- yes, we have audit rights, okay?
Unknown Analyst: David, I have one quick question just in terms of -- and I recognize the deal with the problems[ph] are it's a private transaction. So there certainly was a time where they didn't want to take your stock pretty forcefully. So I'm just curious how that transaction came about and what your plans are now that you're on those parcels of land in terms of the timing of potentially doing something on that site?
David E. Simon: Look, we -- even though we obviously have had issues over the years with Taubman, we've always had what I call a good professional relationship, certainly, as the dust is settled from several years ago. So again, I can't really comment on that other than -- let me talk about the property. We're very excited about it. We are very interested in working with the town of Oyster Bay and our partner, Castagna Realty. We're going to work with the residents, come up with a development plan. Also, at the property that we own with Castagna Realty, together, we think there is an absolute way to create a win-win for the community and for us and our partner. And it's great real estate. So how we got there is really not important. I'm convinced that's in the best interest of our shareholders, and I'm convinced that Taubman feels the same way. So that actually can happen where you can have a win-win for both companies.
Operator: And your next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just two questions here. The first is the other big story, apart from the Internet this past season, was the Penney closure. And if you look at the 33 stores they closed, you could say, okay, they went through the whole thing and they could only find 33 stores. And Sears, for the all the years they've talking of rationalizing, the Sears are still open. So should we read this as the various department stores have done these big reviews and these are all the stores that they've closed or your sense is this the start of a wave and over the next several years we're going to see a lot more of these big-type announcements?
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, I think it's a function of what the retailer ultimately is able to do. But the store closures for us is a kind of a normal standard operating procedure that we deal with. We've had retailers clearly -- not necessarily the scale of a couple of that you mentioned -- but we've had retailers coming out of business for years. And so, again, yes, it does add to the workload but we find a way to get the job done. And I think you're right though, Alex, is that they went through the portfolio, generally. And what we understand, which I'm not sure is for us to say, but we understand that, that was the list that was actually generating negative cash flow. So I think you're right in the sense of that a number of these retailers continue to have profitability and even in stores that are not as overly productive because for whatever reason. So, as an example, and I don't know maybe we'll have this, but people talked about small malls, B-malls, the Internet. But our comp, in the fourth quarter of our comp, NOI increased for the SpinCo malls was 4%. So that speaks to the ability to continue to move the needle forward despite all the noise. Now, look, the fourth quarter sales, I gave you that. I do think a lot happen all on the fourth quarter. But the consumer, between the uncertainty of ObamaCare, the increase in taxes, wage growth continues to be anemic, they spend on durable goods, they slowed down in the third and fourth quarter across-the-board. I mean, whether it was the high-end, the middle-end or the lower-end consumer. And that happens. Don't panic. We'll deal with that. So, at the end of today, I can't speak for the future of those two that you mentioned, in terms of store closing, but what we understand is that that's the analysis that led to the 33. But I'm not 100% certain on that, okay?
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then the second question is regarding SpinCo. I mean Simon is going to be the platform for the initial, I believe, 2 years. Is Simon Brand Ventures, the income that's generated from that, is that something that SpinCo will have access to beyond that or is the understanding that SpinCo is going to sort of have to try and replicate that NOI stream after the -- if, in fact, it ends the relationship with Simon as the supporting mall platform?
David E. Simon: Well, all of those revenues are at the property level. So they'll continue. Now, ultimately, if they -- remember, just to give you SpinCo, the strip center business will be in SpinCo. SPG will do some back office activity for the strip center business. SPG will act as third-party property manager for SpinCo malls. And all of that revenue that, that group generates goes to the property. So, ultimately, will be the decision for that team to decide whether or not they want to continue after the 2-year period, to continue to use SPG as a property manager. But there's no reason in my mind that they couldn't, if they chose not to do that -- that will be up to the team and the Board there -- that they could replicate the vast majority of that income.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: David, maybe I think you should name SpinCo SteRRETT in honor of Steve's service to you.
Stephen E. Sterrett: That rolls right off the tongue.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It does, it does. Actually, did I hear you...
David E. Simon: Honestly, I probably shouldn't say this publicly. But I'll go ahead, sometimes I get into that box. But the hardest thing about SpinCo is coming up with the appropriate name.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Right. Yes, so if you have any suggestions please send them our way.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I don't have any good ones. But, actually, did I hear you correctly? That you said NOI growth at SpinCo was 4% in Q4? And maybe are you be able to share other operating metrics of leasing spreads and occupancy as well?
David E. Simon: Yes, that'll be in the final filing. But the fourth quarter -- we thought you might ask that so we had that number for the fourth quarter. But that kind of stuff will all be in the filing.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And I guess maybe doubling on Alex's question about the Penney's and Sears closures risk. When you look at those two situations, I mean, I think people had kind of ultimately handicapped or call it ultimate exposure. Do you guys have the sense of what percentage of those stores that you have, might not be cost-effectively retenantive?
David E. Simon: I didn't catch the last part.
Richard S. Sokolov: What percentage of the stores we think may not be cost-effectively retenantive if they close. I would tell you that we're spending a considerable amount of time. And as we've said before on these calls, we have our plans in place, we have identified replacement tenants. For example, we have one tenant already lined up to occupy one of the Penney closures, yet this year, at a positive economic impact on that property and a positive sales impact. So we are as prepared as one can be to take advantage of any opportunities that present themselves through the activities of the department stores when they decide they don't want to do it. Over the years we've dealt with over 80 of these things. So, as David said, this is not new to us. We'll just keep doing what we've been doing at historically.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And maybe I can stick with you Rick, on -- sort of following up on Christie's earlier question. Just, historically, retailers kind of wanted the landlord to stay out of their way, as it relates to retail sales. Are you seeing retailers become more receptive to working with their landlord around their e-commerce and retail sales platform? I mean is that part of the leasing discussion or even specifically addressed in the lease or that's sort of a separate conversation, sort of an add-on, if you will?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, two parts to that. In our lease negotiations, we're incredibly mindful of the role that our stores play in the distribution of their goods, whether online or store-based. And, frankly, if that store is any part of the distribution channel for that sale, it's going to count in our sales. The retailers understand that, and the retailers are emphasizing the convenience and location of their stores as a significant advantage in their ability to maximize their contacts with the customers and their sales. So they very much view their stores as an integral part of their business going forward and they are working with us in a cooperative way to try and maximize.
David E. Simon: Well, I will just say, Jeff, simply, that we have both mobile and desktop, et cetera. We have a system called Retailer Showcase that basically presents offers from the retailers to our consumers. They can get it in mall, they can go on our website or whatever. We do that. I think the last number that I saw, probably 50,000 offers over the year that we present to our consumers. We get those offer -- we don't make them up, we get them from that retailers. So, absolutely, there is a significant amount of coordination, as you would expect, between us and the retailer, to improve and enhance their business. I believe we're just at the scratching of that surface. That is part of our job, to facilitate more productivity for the retailers of stores, and at the same time, trying to do that and increase rent. I mean, it's not the easiest thing. But they know that we want them to be very productive. We work hand-in-hand with them. And I think technology, generally, will be a wonderful opportunity to make that relationship easier to execute.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just one last question. I'm curious, internally, when you guys are handicapping -- I'll call it exposure to anchor closures -- what are the metrics that you guys look at internally? Is it four-wall profit, is it sort of store format or market size or approximated to their distribution centers? I mean is there, I guess, a better methodology than maybe just sort of overall sales productivity that you find in forecasting?
David E. Simon: Well, sure, because you don't know how many -- how they cover -- historically, the department stores advertised in a market. They allocate that advertising a certain way. So you've got to have a handle on that. But again, on a specific store, we're going to have a sense as to where that is, based upon lots of discussions over the last few years. Corporately, and where they're headed, we have some insights but it's no different than people that has follow them and covered them. I mean, we're not necessarily privy to all that's going on in what they're doing. I mean we have, obviously, good relationships with our major anchors. But we're not privy to anything that's probably not common knowledge. But we have the several years and years of dealing with them, how they feel about certain stores.
Operator: And your next question will comes from Steve Sakwa of ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions, David and Rick. As you kind of look at the rent spreads, those dramatically improved over the course of 2013. And as you look at the rollover for the next, really 3 years, your ending base rents are just a shade under $40. And when you add in the CAM, you're probably close to that $53. So, it would seem that you're releasing spreads ought to continue to accelerate. Is there anything that would, outside of a sales decline, which it doesn't seem to be happening, is there anything that suggest that leasing spreads wouldn't continue to tick higher from here?
Richard S. Sokolov: We certainly anticipate that we'll be able to continue to grow our rents as we have historically. The other thing I would tell you is that we're spending a lot of money making these properties better. And so, when you look at a very gross sales number, that's made up of a whole lot of individual stores. And as we renovate our properties, bring in better tenant, our tenants, we believe, are more productive in our properties, and that gives us some incremental ability to drive rent. So we don't envision that slowing down.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and maybe sticking with you, Rick. Just kind of on the tenants and how you're thinking about repositioning the properties. I don't know if you have a specific number. But as you look at the mix of tenants in the mall today, what percentage is apparel and what percentage do you think that'll be 3 years from now?
Richard S. Sokolov: At this point, I think our apparel percentage is going to remain fairly stable. Now, the tenants that make up that apparel percentage could change dramatically. We have some tenants that are reducing the size of their stores, and we have entrants coming in like Czar, H&M, UNIQLO, that are in slightly bigger formats. But there's not going to be a sense of a significant decline in the amount of space allocated to apparel. We are allocating space differently. Look, last year, we opened 36 restaurants across the portfolio. That's a major focus, to be able to extend their stay in our property, give the consumers a wider range of dining alternatives and just make the properties more experiential, which is obviously a focus of our retailers and us. So, the mix may change, but I think apparel is going to stay fairly stable, while the components may change.
David E. Simon: I probably shouldn't say this, but it's interesting, as I travel the world and understand -- probably not as much as I should do -- but the occupancy cost that we have in the U.S. is relatively benign compared to when you see it elsewhere in the world. So it's an interesting thing for us, to pause to think about what the opportunities to continue to grow that rent are. But we've got to be absolutely sensitive to the retailer and making sure they profit in their environment as well. So, our occupancy cost, generally, in comparison to kind of where the other shopping centers, owners have in the world, they're relatively below at least what those would indicate the rents are. So we'll see how that evolves over time.
Richard S. Sokolov: And they have been relatively stable for the last 3 years even though we've been able to drive our rents.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, let me ask, I guess, one last question for maybe the newest member of the senior stores, Steve. Hopefully, you'll get your qualifying card here and get something new going. I went to the balance sheet and kind of debt refinancing. So, obviously it's been very favorable. Just how are you thinking about kind of the balance of debt maturing this year and into '15, and kind of what's your thought in terms of kind laddering and kind of where you want to be on the debt curve?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, it's Steve, it's pretty well laddered already. As you know, as part of the SpinCo announcement, we did state that we expect to raise $1 billion of debt through SpinCo, with those proceeds coming to Simon before the effective date. So if you couple that with our bond yield in January, that's the majority of our capital raise, in terms of dealing with bond expirations. We also unencumbered Sawgrass Mills as part of the use of those proceeds. So, we're in really good shape for '14. We've accomplished most of the capital plan. And in '15, we're ordinary course of business, we have bonds coming due every year. You should expect us to be a regular issuer in that market. But obviously the secured debt market is also important to us as well, so you'll see us in both.
Operator: And your next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Steve, thanks for all your help over the years. Given just some of the clouds around fourth quarter consumer activity in the malls. I know you guys don't typically do this, but would you be able to provide a pure fourth quarter 2013 over fourth quarter 2012 tenant sales trend?
David E. Simon: Yes. It was flat.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And just a follow-up. I know you've mentioned the SpinCo same-store NOI, but from a tenant sales perspective, how does that look like when you split out the outlets, A malls and B malls? It doesn't have to be the fourth quarter, but maybe the year-over-year, the total trailing 12 months.
David E. Simon: I'm sorry, I didn't really understand the question, Ki Bin.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So the trend in your tenant sales of 2.5% year-over-year, trailing 12 months, how does that look like, like if you had to stratify it between outlets, A malls and B malls?
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, we shared some of that with you when we announced SpinCo. That gives you a general direction for that answer. And as you'll see, once SpinCo is done and effective, you'll have the SpinCo data and you'll have the SPG data. So that'll all be there. That gives you a sense of direction where it is.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and just last point. Should we expect negative sales at all for SpinCo in the fourth quarter?
David E. Simon: Yes. I mean, we gave you that at -- whenever it was. December, we showed you that.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Several years of history.
David E. Simon: Yes. I can't can remember the exact number. But it's right there, it's public document. I assume it's on our Investor website. It's all there.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just want to go back to the retail side here for a second. A lot of talk about the sales trends, but obviously profitability is very important. And just given the number of pre-announcements that we've heard this season, I'm just curious if you think we should be expecting a higher level of seasonal occupancy decline in the first quarter here than we've seen over maybe the last few years, where perhaps the plans were a little bit more conservative.
David E. Simon: We don't see that at this moment. Things change over the year. But we don't see that necessarily. Obviously we have a good handle on that. The only thing we don't have a handle that could change that is bankruptcies. But based upon our existing status of where we are with our discussion with retailers, we don't see that. Obviously, a bankruptcy here or there may be able to impact that on a faster basis.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And going back to the discussion around e-commerce. We hear a lot about Macy's and Nordstrom and companies like that, that are very forward thinking about their strategies. I'm just wondering how you think the smaller retailers that maybe don't have the same scale or infrastructure can evolve in a new environment, to be able to kind of compete with the e-commerce.
David E. Simon: Well, the fact of the matter, and you can see it in technology companies' results, is that it is relatively a lot less expensive to create because of the cloud and the way apps work and so on. It's relatively less expensive to create the combination, become more technology-oriented than it has in the past. Lots of ability to share services in the cloud that you wouldn't otherwise have to invest in. So I think maybe the mom and pop has a harder time. But generally, any retailer that has a kind of a reasonable store base can compete very affectively because the cost of technology is -- you don't need routers, you don't need servers, you don't need a bunch of software guys cranking this stuff out like you used to. The fact is, if we had done MerchantWired today, with different technology, we'd probably be successful. But we overpaid for the hardware. So, I think, as long as they have a reasonable store base, we're going to be able to create the appropriate coordination between their bricks and mortar stores and how they want to deal with online shopping.
Richard S. Sokolov: And frankly there is no retailer that we meet with that is not very focused on doing precisely that. Some of them are further along in their implementation of those strategies, but every one of them is focused on more affectively integrating their online with their stores.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cedrik Lachance with Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Just another set of questions. Have you seen retailers expand their footprint in order to better distribute goods than they would be selling online. I'm thinking about, of course, the footprint in the malls.
David E. Simon: It's a good point. What I have seen them do is think about their stores as a point of distribution along as a store. So whether they're now looking at stores just for the sake of having the store and a distribution, I wouldn't' say that thinking is there yet. But clearly, existing stores are being thought as a way to distribute and kind of the e-commerce platform. So I do think that thinking -- and that's a different level for many different retailers, but I actually do think they're thinking about it very seriously.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: So how many such distribution centers, if you will, would a retailer need in a large metro-area?
David E. Simon: Okay, I'm not in a position to say that. But it depends on the retailer.
Richard S. Sokolov: And the funny thing is they're not talking about using drones to ship their goods.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: I'm sure that's going to be an interesting transition. Just getting back on the disposition of 14 non-core assets. Can you give us a little bit more detail in terms of which property tied and cap rates?
David E. Simon: I don't have it in front of me. But a few smaller shopping centers, a couple of outlets. So we'll continue to do that as well.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Were any of those considered to be spun out into SpinCo?
David E. Simon: The answer is none of those were in the SpinCo because we already had contracts. There is a couple of strip centers that may or may not be sold before SpinCo is done. So, if that's the case, we're going to -- ultimately, the portfolio, as we said to you in December, when we announced it, will change a little bit. Part of that will be because of a couple of fails here and there, and a couple of them will be because we may or may not get a consent. But that could still happen.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a final question on the relationship with anchors. So, a couple of weeks ago I think Sears announced that they would be leasing space to Dick sporting goods, King of Prussia. It's obviously, by far, the best mall in the Philly area. When you think about your ability to recapture stores from Sears, and Penney in particular, versus the decision that they may ultimately make to lease to what is effectively a power center tenant into what is, by far the best mall, and particularly in the metro. How are thinking about what is the right price for you to pay to recapture that box? And what can you do to influence their decision on the retailer that will come into their center or into their box?
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, the simple answer is it depends. Each case is different, to be honest with you. So in that case, we cooperated with Sears. Given the location of that store and what our plans were on the future redevelopment, we thought it was a win-win for us. We're happy to have Dick's in there, and it was a good transaction for Sears. In some cases, because of location of stores, we may want to do the development on ourselves -- by ourselves. In some cases, we'll let them do it. And if -- in fact, we may -- in most cases, we have approval rights, so each case is very different. Believe me, we have understanding of each one to a great level. But in that case, we just saw it as a way to be cooperative with Sears, way to help them all, great for the consumer, and as you know, we think Dick's is great. We do a lot of business with them. So in that case, we said, "Perfect, let's go. We'll help you, we'll cooperate."
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: So you didn't try to acquire the box back from Sears?
David E. Simon: No, we did not, and Sears will continue to operate there as well. So it's -- Dick's is taking the upper level, and Sears is going to actually, we understand, kind of create the store, the future, so to speak, in the lower level, so that's great. And we'll continue to work with anchors like that as well. There's lots of little tactical things that are going on with all of our anchors about getting rights to put restaurants in. On some of the frontage of the -- just to bring up an example, in Briarwood, we're putting a couple of restaurants, and we do that all the time, like in front of Macy's. And so all of that stuff is out there to do. In some cases, we facilitate them if they want to do a lease. So the simple goal is, "Let's make the property better for the consumer," and it will take all sorts of different forms. We wouldn't rule out partnering with somebody on a redevelopment of their box if that circumstance made sense for both parties.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I guess, going to the Mills for a second, I was wondering, can you give us a little more color on the 11% comp NOI growth? And was it a handful of assets? Was it broad-based? I mean, what was really driving those numbers?
David E. Simon: Look, they have a -- they're major markets at 16 assets. As you know, the focus on value for them, value-oriented retailers, has been tremendously successful. You've got the outlets at Orange, that conversion from more of an entertainment center to an outlet center has been terrific. Ontario is on fire. Sawgrass, needless to say, is -- continues to be behemoth. Potomac Mills, we brought a couple of restaurants in Opry that's not in the comps.
Stephen E. Sterrett: It's not in the comp, yes.
David E. Simon: Opry has been fantastic.
Stephen E. Sterrett: You know the run hole.
David E. Simon: You can see it on the run hole. So lots of things go there, just a lot of things happening here to make the portfolio -- by the way, we added Macy's at Gurnee Mills as an example, so...
Stephen E. Sterrett: But Mike, this is Steve. It is rent. It's really saying it's higher occupancy, it's growing rents.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm sorry. So it sounds like if we're thinking about '14, '15, you're probably still getting above average growth out of that part of the portfolio?
David E. Simon: I think it will be good. I'm not going to do 10% -- where not going to do is 10.8% for the year. So don't put that in your numbers.
Operator: And your next question comes from Tayo Okusanya of Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Steve, also let me add my congratulations. It looks like really you have one year left sort of to finally go shoe shopping before you lose your steady paycheck.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Tayo, if I'm going to go shoe shopping, I'm going to go with you. That's for sure.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Sounds good. Two quick questions. First of all, just to get around commentary, a lot of retailers are saying Christmas was weak. I know David made a couple of comments about what could change your initial outlook for 2014, would be on a potential for more bankruptcies or things of that nature. But I just -- and then for everything you're seen right now, are you seeing kind of on the fringe tenants talking like that about potentially closing shops or things like that just based off the tough holiday season?
David E. Simon: Not really. This is always the general time where you may see a few of these pop-up. But no one -- in fact, there's a few that have been in the edge for a number of years and actually turn their business around even last year. Look, I think the consumer -- I read something yesterday on the plane back from Europe that consumer is still under a pretty decent amount of pressure. Higher taxes, more regulation, uncertainty of ObamaCare, spending on durable goods a little bit in the first half the year, higher rates potentially, I would think, and they took it easy in the third and fourth quarter, as you've seen across the board. So we are still in a tepid recovery. The fascinating thing I read, last year, forget the federal government, in the state and local governments, there were 40,000 new rules and regulations in the state -- in the United States of the America. So that is going to slow the growth of America, 40,000 new regulations throughout this country at a state and local level. That's going to slow us down. So we have a tepid recovery, even though some of the broad-based numbers look better. The fact is it's still a very cautious environment. But we're producing terrific results in that environment. And that's the facts. We produced great results in the Great Recession. We had cash flow that was flat. So despite all of that, that noise out there, we can only do what we're capable of doing. We can't control the outcome of an anchor business plan or not. We can just be ready to go to work if, in fact, these things are thrown in our way.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And then the second thing is we also heard about Matt Lentz had also kind of left the company. Just wondering if that role was -- there's going to be a replacement for him or if there's going to be any changes around the CIO position.
David E. Simon: The answer is we brought someone in to -- help the internationally. We're -- Matt was helping Stanley Shashoua who has been terrific. Stanley is great, speaks 5 languages, maybe 6, unlike the team here who can actually speak English, but he's great and he's helping me. And in the sense, he really took Matt's role on our International business.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got it. Could you talk -- a little bit more about just Stanley's overall background and what he's kind of done in the past?
David E. Simon: He worked for both real estate and investment banking companies. So he's been -- he's a young guy compared to me probably, but he's been -- he's got great experience. And he was instrumental with the McArthurGlen deal. I had to put him on that deal because of the complexity, and he really helped us get there with another kind of great guy here who actually came from the Mills, but moved to Minneapolis when did that deal. Brian McDade -- the 2 of them, grabbed that -- along with our General Counsel, grabbed that deal and took it to the finish line. And so the good thing about the -- we have kind of the what I call younger folks that are really taking a lot more responsibility in the organization and doing a great job.
Operator: And your next question comes from Haendel St. Juste of Morgan Stanley.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of questions on SpinCo. So several of the SpinCo properties are encumbered with CMBS debt that has near-term maturities, West Ridge Mall in Topeka, Chesapeake Square in Chesapeake, Virginia, and...
David E. Simon: Yes. Those are all being refinanced.
Stephen E. Sterrett: As we speak.
David E. Simon: As we speak.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay.
David E. Simon: So that is your question?
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Well, I was getting to it, right? So there's 4 or 5 of that list with near-term debt maturities. So should we assume that all 5 are in that list of being refinanced or the candidates for dispositions?
David E. Simon: No, they're all going to be refinanced absent -- one may not be -- one is further out there. I don't know, I don't -- yes, but they'll be refinanced.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And you've quietly gone about proving your U.S. portfolio in recent years. I'm just trying to get a sense how to process slows down post SpinCo. How do you think about your U.S. portfolio or disposition strategy after the spinoff of SpinCo?
David E. Simon: Well, for SPG, we'll continue to call properties like we have for year-after-year. SpinCo, I think, again, I'm not going to be in charge there. But I think I would expect SpinCo to sell a couple assets here and there. And I think it's -- that's business as usual. I mean, we'll always continue to sell assets at both companies. I can't necessarily -- as a Director, I'll have certainly my point of view on capital allocation and reallocation. But I would expect both companies to continue to sell assets like we have in the past.
Operator: And your next question comes from Dan Oppenheim with Crdit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering -- I guess, there's been enough questions about some seasonal trends here, with normally season closings in the first quarter. I guess, in the other side of that, at over 96% occupancy here, you're likely to have some sort of backlog in terms of retailers wanting to get in. I just wonder if you can comment a bit in terms of conversations with retailers looking ahead in terms of Del Amo as that opens up next year and just others, just how you think about that in terms of demand, just in terms of -- just if there are to be any vacancies in terms of sort of backfilling or -- adding there.
Richard S. Sokolov: We still have very strong demand. And in fact, the response to Del Amo has been terrific. We are going to be able to move that up significantly in price point and with the quality retailers. And retailers still want to expand. Retailers still want to have great real estate that will help their brand and we're seeing no real slowdown in that conversation. And in fact, and we've said this in other calls, a great amount of the time that David and I spend are basically dealing with retailers that we cannot accommodate in the size they want or in the space they want at our property. So demand remains high.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Dan, this is Steve. I'll just add one point. We tend not to get into the 27 different variables that go into our forecast for the year, but I will say that our plan in 2014 is that occupancy year-over-year will be up at the end of '14.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Yang of Evercore.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: David, you've talked in the past about the disconnect between sales and NOI that for one, you can replace the underperforming tenants. So I was just hoping -- I mean, Steve made the comment about occupancy being up in '14. Would you guys consider at all just disclosing what the same-store NOI growth is as implied in your '14 guidance because it just seems like that could help alleviate some of the concerns surrounding core growth in light of volume sales, pressured customer?
David E. Simon: Yes. Let me interrupt you there. We did, actually.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Oh, did you?
David E. Simon: I must have bored you by the time I got to that. Our -- that's quite all right. I understand that our opening comments may, in fact, bore some. We are projecting, for '14, to have comp NOI up 4% or above. So I -- if that answers your question -- 4%.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Got it. Sorry I missed that, and...
David E. Simon: That's all right. I am not offended in any stretch of imagination.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Maybe I missed this one also. Did you disclose the cap rate for the Arizona Mills transaction?
David E. Simon: We -- in fact, we said we would not, and we did do -- we did say that earlier. That's okay.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And maybe a final question, maybe going back to Cedrik's comments on Sears. Do you think that the anchor subleasing dynamic will accelerate in the coming year? Is that also -- is this a model that only works at the A malls, or do you think we could see this type of activity ramp up at the B malls?
Richard S. Sokolov: I think that there is going to be a concerted effort by Sears. They've done it historically over the last few years, and they're continuing to be focused on it to try and get their stores to where they are most efficient. That doesn't -- and I think that is frankly not specifically limited to any particular quality spectrum of their stores. And as David said, where we think it's in our best interest, we'll cooperate. If we think it is not in our best interest or the malls' best interest or the consumers' best interest, we'll try and influence a different direction on Sears' part. But I don't think their efforts are being focused on any particular quality type.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Got it. And are you in current negotiations to do this in any other of your malls with Sears or maybe even at Penney's currently?
Richard S. Sokolov: We're having a constant dialogue with both companies about all the real estate. And frankly, as David said earlier, we hopefully -- that provides a lot of insights into what they're thinking strategically with respect to the stores, and we're trying to work with them to come up with positive outcomes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just given Steve's retirement date, I'm wondering if that's a good indicator -- when do you think the debt markets are going to get tougher?
Stephen E. Sterrett: I don't know. I see the tenure coming back down. So Craig, I will say that the debt markets are in really good shape right now for us. Now I always caution that by -- I think about the little commercials. Your results may not be the same, but for us, the bond market is wide open, the mortgage market is very good, the bank market is wide open. So -- and having already put away now quite a bit of our 2014 maturities, we can start to tackle the '15 stuff and feel good about the opportunity to continue to roll down our weighted average borrowing cost while increasing our duration. I think it is interesting in a debt portfolio that's $28 billion, $29 billion. We've lowered our borrowing costs 23 basis points in each of the last 2 years, and that's a pretty meaningful contribution to profitability.
David E. Simon: With no reliance on closures, yes.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes, it was almost no floating rate [ph] here to date.
David E. Simon: I mean, that's the important part. I mean, we -- if we want to reduce our earnings growth, we would have 20%, 30% of floating rate debt. We basically have virtually 0.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I guess, one other thought on the cost of occupancy, I know that's been touched on. But 11.5% still seems low, even when it -- considering it's Premium Outlets combined with malls. Where do you think -- and I realize it's a moving target, but where do you think that could normalize out your cost of occupancy? Or do you think it's going to remain sort of in the mid-11s?
David E. Simon: Well, this is the $64,000 question. Like I said earlier, I mean, it is interesting to me that occupancy costs outside of the U.S. are much, much higher and -- so answer is I don't know other than it does give us some very good feeling that we still have a way to continue to grow our NOI, because essentially, the biggest opportunity we have is to -- marketing our leases to market and being able to replace underperforming retailers with better ones. Besides the -- obviously, and I know, Craig, you've been out seeing a bunch of properties, and I appreciate that, that you have because you get a good sense of what's going on here, which I do think, because of the size of the company, sometimes people lose focus. But all that's going on -- but that's going to drive our business. That -- but I can't put a number on it and -- but -- and we're here to create the right partnership with our retailers because we believe in repeat business with them. But this is confidence that we still have the ability to execute even with a tepid consumer comp NOI growth.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. I would just say, in the properties I visited, I've been very impressed, and you sort of forget sometimes that there really is a skill to managing these assets. And some of the things I've seen in the last couple of weeks have been very impressive.
David E. Simon: Yes. Look, I mean, you -- I know you went to Del Amo, right? And I'm sure you didn't really believe we were redoing Del Amo. I know you've been asking about this for -- I'm sure you asked the Mills pre-acquisition for years. And then I know, once we bought the Mills, it took us a few years and one Great Recession to overcome, but it's going to be a great, great mall.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: No, I think what you're doing and just bringing in Nordstrom's could be a real game changer because there's clearly an unserved audience there.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jeff Spector of Bank of America.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a follow-up to Craig's question. I guess, when you're sitting down with tenants and negotiating new leases, I mean, is there a target occupancy cost?
Richard S. Sokolov: The answer is that we're very focused on the maximizing of rents and it's less about a target occupancy cost because it takes into account the size of the space, the use of the tenant, the quality of the mall, where is the space located in the mall, what's the sales projection for that tenant. And all of that goes into setting the rate that we think is appropriate. And believe me, the process is granular and we spend a great deal of time on the nickels, making sure that we try and get it right. But we don't go into any given spacing, we want 12.5% of sales from this space and 18% from this space. All those factors go into how we set the rent.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. That helps. And then, Rick, I guess I know there's been a lot of discussion on JCPenney and Sears. But just one thing I was thinking about when I was going through this up on anchor big box openings, it is interesting when you look at the list compared to what, say, years ago when we saw a number of department stores closings. I mean, do you feel better today there's more options? I mean, I really haven't heard yet great evidence if somebody's anchors are definitely a benefit to the mall, but I would imagine, it just seems like a pretty good list, including -- like I noticed Wegmans at Montgomery Mall.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes. Well, look, we have a whole dedicated team and frankly, David and I have been pushing all of our people to go out and kept as broad a net as possible, so we have as many options identified as possible to make things work. And frankly, Wegmans at Montgomery Mall has been terrific, Fairway Market at Nanuet has been great, Fresh Market at The Falls, but that's just one category. David mentioned Dick's earlier, Arhaus Furniture. We just have a lot of different users that, as we've said earlier, we've gone through our portfolio and have these users identified, so that if an opportunity presents itself with an anchor box, we can move efficiently and quickly and effectively to get it filled.
David E. Simon: Yes. And the difference, Jeff, also is that when we have a significant turmoil in the department store business, say in the late 80s, early 90s, I mean, there's been episodes of -- a lot of turnover. There was also a lot of new stuff that was being brought to the market. In today's market, you essentially have no new -- I mean, of a significant quantity, no new development, whether it's strip centers and malls, they have a little bit in the Outlet business as we all know, but you have no new product coming on the market. And it's -- yes, I know there are a few, but in the real sense of stuff. So -- and you also have obsolescence occurring, which is -- by the way, we -- they've been telling folks for several years that we expect an obsolescence. When you put together the inventories tight and sure, there'll be some headaches associated with that, but that's in a -- that's a better spot to be in if, in fact, there is significant anchor turmoil than say, in the early 90s and a couple other, the episodes that Rick and I have had to deal with.
Richard S. Sokolov: Then the last thing I'll say on that is that frankly, success breeds success. So once we're able to get one of these new anchors in our properties, they open the store, what invariably we have found is they've been more successful than they thought they'd be, and that makes the next conversation for the next opportunity much more easy to have and finalize.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Thanks. And then I just want to clarify, I know, at the beginning of the call, David you're talking about traffic counts, I think it's important to clarify -- I think you used the word -- you don't participate with the company mentioned. When you say that, are you saying, just to confirm, Simon does not provide data to these companies? Is that correct?
David E. Simon: They are -- they -- yes, they -- first of all, we don't use them. We rely primarily on parking counts. We do not use them. I think their -- I'm not sure about their sample base. You'll have to ask them. I think it's narrow. And I don't -- the retailers that use them, I think, it's a small subset. But I mean, look, there are lots of people that make pronouncements and tell you this, tell you that. All we can do is just report quarter-after-quarter what the results of our business produce.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then my last question, I know you may not be able to answer it, but into these things with [ph] Calbman, I guess, did anything -- was there any discussions on the 2 different St. Louis Outlet Centers?
David E. Simon: I think, Jeff, everything I've told you about our deal has been disclosed.
Operator: And your next question comes from Nathan Isbee of Stifel.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, just a quick follow-up, a technical question. You mentioned that the online sales fulfilled at your malls will count towards sales. On the flip side, if somebody buys 6 pairs of shoes online and returns 5 of them at your malls, is that a net deduction to sales?
David E. Simon: The answer is no because it didn't occur at the POS.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So even if they returned it in your mall, it would not?
David E. Simon: Correct.
Richard S. Sokolov: Correct.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to now turn the call back over to Mr. Simon for closing remarks.
David E. Simon: Okay. Thank you. Sorry, the call dragged on that long. Steve has been a great part of the group. We've got another year to torment him. So I'm sure you'll see him around, and we'll make sure that we'll want to go the extra torment for the next year. So anyway, thank you. Have a good one.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the presentation for today. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Zale - Senior Vice President David E. Simon - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Stephen E. Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Richard S. Sokolov - President and Director
Analysts: Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Josh Patinkin Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeremy Roane David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division John P. Kim - CLSA Limited, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 Simon Property Group Inc. Results Conference Call. My name is Gwen, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Zale, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Elizabeth A. Zale: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Simon Property Group's Third Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. Presenting on today's call is David Simon, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, just a quick reminder that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer you to today's press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please also note this call includes information that maybe accurate only of today's date. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the press release and the company's supplemental information included in today's Form 8-K filing. The supplemental information is available on the investors.simon.com. I would now like to introduce David Simon.
David E. Simon: Good morning. It was a strong quarter with excellent performance in our core business. We had strong progress on our growth strategy, which includes redevelopment and expansion of existing properties to meet retailer demand and enhanced productivity, development of new Premium Outlets and our continued smart acquisition strategy. FFO was $2.21 per share, up 11.1% from the third quarter of 2012. Our FFO exceeded the first call consensus estimate by $0.05 per share. For the malls and the Premium Outlets, comparable property NOI growth was 4.9% for the quarter, driven by tenant sales up 3% to $579 per square foot. Occupancy up 90 basis points to 95.5%. Our releasing spread was a positive 15.2%, or $8.05 per square foot. Retailer demand for space in our properties remained strong and healthy, driving our occupancy increases. Our retailers sales continues -- growth continues to be ahead of GDP. And more important to us, our existing leases are under market rent. And keep in mind, we see almost no or very little correlation between tenant sales growth and our NOI growth due to our ability to replace underperforming retailers. We have good visibility for strong NOI growth over the near term. New development, just quickly, we opened 3 new Premium Outlet Centers during August, all of which have exceeded expectations. All were nearly 100% leased at opening, and sales per square foot of all 3 properties are trending above our portfolio average. The total net development cost of the 3 were $400 million, that's not our share, but in total, we expect a first year return of 10.5% on our cost. We broke ground on Premium Outlets in Charlotte and in Montral. And we finalized joint ventures that are under construction in Eagan, Minnesota, which is in St. Paul, Minneapolis; and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada in our new partnership with McArthurGlen. On the redevelopment expansion highlights, The Shops at Nanuet opened in October, a complete transformation into an open-air environment, providing everyday shopping and activities plus dozens of fashion and specialty retailers unique to the area. It's 98% leased. Community acceptance and early reports on sales have exceeded expectations. We also opened a 105,000 square-foot expansion of Orlando Premium Outlets in October. It's 100% leased. Redevelopment and expansion projects ongoing at more than 35 properties in the U.S. and Asia. Overall, our multi-year pipeline of new development and redevelopment and expansion projects is key to driving growth in NOI. We continue to expect development investment at least $1 billion annually, from '13 through '16 go projects. Go projects include Roosevelt Field, Houston Galleria, Woodbury, Stanford, Del Amo, just to name a few. In other words, they are under construction. International, just let me mention a few things. Finally, we completed the closing of our joint venture with McArthurGlen. It includes ownership interest in 5 McArthurGlen Designer Outlets located in Vienna, Venice in Naples, in the Netherlands, near Dsseldorf and one in the U.K. near Kent. We also own a 50% interest in their management and development company, which has a strong pipeline of future projects and opportunities. We're excited to partner together. Great platform for high quality retail real estate in Europe and a strong team of professionals. This partnership supports and extends our international growth strategy. Important industry synergies will be taken advantaged of in upcoming years, similar to what we're accomplishing with Klpierre. Total consideration for the recent investments is approximately $500 million at a cap rate of slightly north of 6.5%. Klpierre announced the revenues a couple of days ago. We continue to believe we are well-positioned to assist them in delivering greater value from their platform. European retail recovery is just getting started, and they are beating financial and operational expectations. Capital markets, annuities, investor service upgrade at SPGs, senior unsecured debt to A2 with a stable outlook. We are 1 of only 2 REITS with an A-rating from S&P and Moody's. We completed a $750 million Eurobond offering to complement our McArthurGlen and Klpierre investment. It taps into broad market, expands our access to capital, provides a natural hedge and a strong demand enabled more favorable terms for lending for leading European real estate players. Rate of 2.375 for 7-year notes. Dividend, quickly, we increased our quarterly dividend from $1.15 to $1.20 per share, as a result of continued strong performance and a raise of our taxable income estimate, a year-over-year increase of 9.1%. Total dividends paid in 2013 will be $4.65 per share compared to $4.10 in 2012, an increase of 13.4%. We will, again, raise our first quarter dividend after our taxable income estimate is complete in the first quarter 2014. Today, we're raising our FFO guidance to a new range of $8.72 to $8.78 of FFO per share. The primary driver of this increase is strong operating performance across all platforms. This increases the midpoint by $0.10 from our last one in July and $0.30 from the midpoint of the range from the beginning of the year in February. Our commitment to shareholder return and our ability to execute has built an unprecedented track record of meeting or exceeding expectations on a quarterly and annual basis for at least the last decade. Our nearly 20-year history as a public company since IPO in December of 1993 is as follows. Total shareholder return of approximately 1,975%, or 17% annually for 20 years. Our FFO grew in 1993 from $150 million to over $3.15 billion in 2013, using the midpoint of our guidance range. Our equity market cap grew from $1.8 billion to approximately $58 billion today. And we're not resting, the range of opportunities in front of us is exciting and we'll continue to focus and work very hard to produce strong results. We're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: To use a favorite metaphor for Steve, we're going to tee off with you. On the Eurobonds, just sort of curious what the reception was over there as far as -- is there a dedicated REIT bond community? Or do people -- are they generally -- as in do they look at you guys as a real estate company or do they look at you as a corporate America, Fortune 500 company?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Alex, it's really the latter. The real estate market over there, the investment grade real estate market isn't deep enough that there are people who are dedicated real estate bond investors. So the interest was very high. I think we met with almost 50 investors during a 4.5-day roadshow. Almost all of them ended up coming into the deal. They are money managers, insurance companies, pension funds, really sticky, good, patient money. But they are -- they certainly viewed us not only as a best-in-class real estate company, but as a major U.S. corporate who has a presence in Europe, but also gets 90% of its income from the U.S., which was an important diversification element for them.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And just as a follow-up to that. Should we expect you guys to issue in Japan if you are looking at outside the country for long-term capital?
Stephen E. Sterrett: It's a good question, Alex. I mean, I would say this. Right now, we have a multi-currency tranche on our credit facility, and we do have yen outstanding that acts as a hedge against our equity investment in our Premium Outlets portfolio in Japan. No plans, at the present time, to go to the bond market in Japan, but that's certainly an option that would be available to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: David, a question on the outlet business. So the recent openings, you're up to probably 25%, 30% of NOI housed within outlets. And I'm sort of curious, one, we sort of reevaluate at this point sort of breaking that out as a stand-alone in terms of metrics, in terms of performance, just given the size and how good it's performing. But also, as you think about the pie assignment on Page 19 of your supplemental, where the sort of outlet to go over the next 5 years from what you can see relative to the other pieces in there? And maybe you can talk about sort of that range of opportunities that you see that you ended your comments with.
David E. Simon: Well, no, the fact is we really run this together, even though we have separated some personnel. The fact is, we really run the business as one entity on the outlets and the malls. So we don't see any reason to separate it out. And the fact is, both are -- we couldn't produce these results if both weren't producing very favorable results. They're both material enough. So the fact of the matter is, this is -- our numbers are a real good indication of what's going on in our business, whether you want to just look at malls or outlets. It's really -- it really is -- requires to deliver, both have to produce these kind of results to have it shown together. Now, with respect to the outlet business, look, that's where our new development is focused. As you know, we just opened 3, which is pretty good work. We've got a good pipeline of 4, 5, 6 others, a couple of which are already under construction. We've got another 3 or 4 that are in the pipeline. So that's going to continue to move the outlet business percentage up. On the other hand, as I mentioned to you, we are under construction, or about to be under construction, in Stanford, the Field, Del Amo, Houston Galleria, just a -- I won't -- I know Rick wants to list them all, but I will not let him. So just to name a few. And I think that will start to kick in '15, '16, '17, that will probably rebalance the pie chart as we look back in 3, 4 years from now.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: What you're saying, the range of opportunities, as you sort of -- you ended your comments with that you're not resting on your laurels, you see a range of opportunities. Obviously, you talked about the development in outlets and all the redevelopment that's happening, what other sort of scope should we think about and how it impacts that -- your pie chart or the company in terms of opportunities? That's what I sort of want to dig into a little bit.
David E. Simon: If I told you, then you would upgrade somebody and the price would go up. So I'd rather just keep that to myself.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Michael, this is Steve. Just to put a pin in it, though. Over the last 4 years, we spent over $12 billion in acquisition of assets, so not an insignificant number.
David E. Simon: Yes, look, I think, as Steve said, is as we look back since 2010 -- and these are gross numbers, we've purchased about $12.8 billion -- these are gross, so it includes debt assumption, all these other stuff, not necessarily our share. But we've acquired about $12.8 million. We disposed about $2.7 million. And we've developed $1 billion of new stuff ground up. So, again, I know it gets lost in the sauce, but we're always very focused on upgrading and reconstituting the portfolio. And we see -- look we see, international growth ahead of us, Michael, if that's what you're asking. And in the U.S., we've got the expansion pipeline, which is overwhelming. I mean, literally, nobody in our industry is doing what we're doing, expanding our existing great assets. Nobody. And also complementing that is all the new development we're doing in the outlet business, of which, as you know, we're executing consistent with the returns that we've done historically. Toronto is great. St. Louis is great. We're under construction in Charlotte. Montral based upon Houston is great. Vancouver, now that we're in the McArthurGlen partnership, that's going to be good. We got a couple of new sites that we're working on, some ourselves, some with partners. Tampa is an example, and so on. So there's a lot to do. And how that pie chart changes, we'll see. But the fact of the matter is, we see pretty good growth organically just assuming we can execute the way we have in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: David, we understand that you've joined some of your mall peers to do a beta test of same-day delivery with Deliv. And I'm remembering back to a conversation we had, maybe 10 years ago, where you had talked about Domino's Pizza and the fact that they weren't in the pizza business, but they were really in the 30-minute logistics business, and wouldn't that be cool if the mall could figure out how to do that. Is that affectively what you're trying to accomplish here with this beta test? And is that really the future of the mall in order to compete with the Amazons of the world?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I do think the mall has a unique advantage in that it's already got the infrastructure -- physical infrastructure to satisfy consumers that want same-day delivery. Now it sounds great, it's a little more complicated than that. But to the extent, one of the things having spent yesterday with our mall team, just kind of going -- not property by property, that we look forward to on a couple of weeks. But the thing that I am focused on in our mall business -- and when I say mall business, I include the outlets, is that we have to make -- we've always made retailer service a priority. So Rick and I are as good at sucking up to retailers as possible, okay? Sometimes, Rick is better than I am, but we both can suck up when required. The one thing we don't do the way I would like us to, is I really want to -- I want to provide better service to our consumers, the actual shoppers. And whether that's -- something we instituted last year was just surprising delights, come to the mall and we're going to give you a free cup of coffee, we're going to schlep your bags. We're going to make your visit really better. Think about the hotel level of service at a good hotel when you're checking in and they're taking care of you to make your stay pleasant. With that said, we do think delivery, or schlepping, you remember we started YourSherpa -- probably not politically correct, but whatever. But we started this years ago, we are actually too far ahead of our time. But the fact of the matter is, we want to increase the level of customer service that we provide to our shoppers. We think this is consistent with that, whether this venture will do that or not, we don't know, we'll going to continue to experiment, we've got a whole smorgasbord of things that we're investing to do that and the sole purpose is to make the consumer visit more pleasant, which is a huge focus for us this year, next year and the year after.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That makes sense. As I thought about this, I said to my myself, is the next evolution that I go to your website for whatever mall I'm shopping at, and I can do a search for white shirt, and then instantly your website brings up every white shirt that's being sold in the mall, I can click on which one I want and buy it. Is that the next evolution that you have to get to, the integration of inventory of all your retailers onto your website so -- that is the interface?
David E. Simon: Well, I would say that would be terrific if we could ultimately get to their store-level inventory and be able to communicate that to the consumer, much like the mall aggregates all the physical stores. If we could figure out how to do that, that would be great. It's not that easy because you have to essentially get into the customer -- or the retailer's inventory. But the one thing I want you to do is when you do go to the mall, I want to be able to tell you, when you go to the mall, here's what's new in retailer XYZ, here's what promotion XYZ retailer has. Here's who does have a white shirt, to go to what retailer. So you have a -- your first stop at the mall is going to be able to communicate to you what's new and what's exciting so that makes your visit that much more pleasant if, in fact, we can do that. And more profitable for you. So I think it's interesting to do it while you're in the physical environment, as it is whether you're at home or on your mobile device.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Spector with Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm actually Craig Schmidt. I'm noticing the new development blended stabilized rate of return is 9%. Is that more due to higher cost or are the rents unable to be pushed as much as say maybe 1 year ago?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Craig, it's Steve. It's really neither. That number, the mix changes from time to time. We opened some projects, as David mentioned, the first year return on the stuff that has opened, which is no longer on the list, was 10.5%. So it's simply a mix change. But there's been no real fundamental change in our ability to get rents or cost control or our expectations for our development pipeline.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I just -- I noticed the leasing spreads have been up 4 quarters in a row and, on a dollar basis, have grown from $4.86 to $8.05. I'm wondering, where can they go from here? And is that from limited supply of quality space or just a growing demand from retailers?
David E. Simon: Well, it's a function of demand is solid, and you got to look at what's expiring. So as I said, we -- there's a huge focus of our retailers sales. We've tried to explain the correlation is slight, if at all, and it's in a lag. The fact is, as you know, retail sales have gone up dramatically since the Great Recession. And you look at what's expiring and you look at the supply and demand characteristics, you put it all together, it's more of an art than a science, and that's why we're able to have pretty good releasing spreads. Now, the fact of the matter is $8 is pretty damn good. We're finishing our budget for next year. We're going to see good comp NOI growth just like we had in the last 2 or 3 years. And that ultimately does not take into account when we look at what the Houston Gallerias and the Fields and the Del Amos are going to do after those developments are done. And those malls have been transformed to take the rightful position in the 21st century of great real estate that can't be duplicated. So I can't -- we're not going to give you a number, but things are okay and we'll continue to pound away.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I was wondering, did you see anything change in terms of traffic during the third quarter?
David E. Simon: Well, generally, September was a pretty bad month in terms of traffic and sales for all retailers. And we're starting to hear and feel the traffic is bouncing back in October. But clearly, clearly, the general economy has slowed. And we're no -- the fact is, we get impacted by that less than most others because of where our properties are positioned and the depth and breadth and the diversity of our properties. But the fact is, we're not denying that the world -- the U.S. has actually slowed. We could talk philosophically about why, but it's nothing with what we're doing. But we're -- we certainly have seen that from our retailers generally across the board to both high-end, middle and at the more moderate customer base.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then, I guess going back to one of your answers before where you mentioned -- if I mentioned the stock, it would go up, upgrade it, blah blah blah. Off-the-cuff comment there?
David E. Simon: Yes, and probably a stupid one. Yes, off the cuff and stupid. It's a little early. We're usually at 11:00, 9:00 we're trying to get our groove on. So the fact is, it's probably off the cuff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cedrik Lachance from Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to think about outlets for a second and when we look at some of the recent projects, some of them -- just in the industry in general, some of them have been more, or been far more correlated with population centers rather than being further outside. What do you think it means for the projects you must develop over the next 10 years and what does it mean for the existing real estate -- in the outlet business that tends to be at the outskirts of town?
David E. Simon: Well, again, Cedrik, I believe there's been one that's been built that's more infilled. So we do not hear -- I will just tell you this, our outlet business is great. We're building terrific products. We will not make pronouncements about what the future of the world is going to be, we're not that good or arrogant. We're going to continue to do what we do. We're picking -- we've always picked, over the last several years, major, important metro markets, usually suburban locations -- Toronto, St. Louis, New Hampshire, go down list, all of which have been very successful. We're continuing to do that. There may be 1 or 2 built that's more urban. But one does not make a trend. We will not make pronouncements here. We're not in that business. We're in running our business day in and day out to increase our cash flow, make smart investments, smart developments. And our track record indicates, so far, knock on wood, we're pretty good at that. But I will not make pronouncements if that's the new trend, one does not make a trend.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. What do retailers say about their preferred locations in terms of outlets, and whether or not they do you have an interest in trying to move more infill?
David E. Simon: Well, the fact that we're 100% leased on every outlet that we opened gives you an indication what they're telling us.
Stephen E. Sterrett: I think, Cedrik, the retailers want to be where they can be as productive as possible. And what you're finding in all of our properties is that we continue to add high impact retailers, making them more and more attractive to consumers, which drive sales, which drives retail interest. There's no magic to this business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Thinking about dispositions for a second. I don't think you addressed those, Dave. You sold off 2 this quarter, and I'm curious, have you given more thought to maybe selling off a bigger chunk or spinning out a group of your lower tier regional mall assets in the U.S.?
David E. Simon: Well, Rich, the fact is, we're always looking to do as much portfolio management as we can. And as I mentioned to you earlier, I mean, since 2010, basically, $12.8 billion of acquisitions, $2.7 billion of dispositions, $1 billion of new development, not including the redevelopment. So that's part of our focus day in and day out, and that will always be an important thing in terms of what we do. And the form of which that takes will depend on market conditions, but we'll continue to do portfolio management. It's very important, very vital. It's been something that we've been pretty good at over the 20-year history of a public company. So we'll continue to do that, Rich.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But no real thought, Dave, to a big chunk, I guess, of assets as opposed to 1 or 2 at a time as opportunities arise?
David E. Simon: Well, again, I'm not going to share exactly the internal workings that we do day in and day out in terms of how do you do the best portfolio management possible. But needless to say, if you look at our history, it's an important thing that the senior management team needs to do. And we'll continue to do it to the best of our ability. So I'm not saying one way or another exactly how that will be done, it'll just -- we will portfolio manage to the best of our abilities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to go back to -- along the line of Craig's questioning, and again, releasing spreads, ability to keep raising rents going forward. Steve, could you give us a sense of where occupancy costs are right now relative to historical levels, and how much that gives you confidence about pushing rent going forward?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Tayo, the occupancy costs are 11.4%. I think we give you about 5 quarters of trailing in the supplemental on Page 23. And that's down 100 to 150 basis points from where it would have been going back to 2010. But I think, the other point I would add, is that it's been very stable over those 5 quarters. So we are -- we've been at that 11.3% to 11.4% range, and we still have momentum in our business. And that bodes, I believe, very well for our ability to hopefully continue our performance going forward.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. But with your -- with the tenants at this point, when you're going through a lease negotiation like, how much are they really kind of bringing up this issue of slowing tenant sales in general in a tough retail outlook when they're negotiating with you? Or do they just want the space so badly, it doesn't really come up?
David E. Simon: Well, let me answer that, I mean, the perception that retailers negotiate -- let's take an example, let's say, their comp NOI is up 4% and they're willing to pay $11. And the comp sales are flat, they go to $10. It's not reality, okay? If they look at it over a longer period of time, what they're going to do, what the return on equity and profitability in that store is. So, again, we try to give you a sense of these numbers generally, what's happening in the -- from our retailers. But the fact is, comps -- the immediate ups and downs of comps have no bearing on what rent we can charge overall. And so -- over a long period of time, potentially. But the one thing you have to remember is, our comp sales also include the retailers that are going out of favor. And if they were in favor 5 or 7 years ago, sometimes, they're able to negotiate whatever rents because we think they are a new and exciting retailer. If that wanes or waxes, the fact is, we're able to replace that retailer with someone else that's there. So there is no, "Boy, I had a bad quarter of sales; therefore, I'm going to charge -- I want to pay you less rent." It doesn't work that way.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: That's definitely helpful color. I think I was up along the line of, if you've had 3 quarters of bad sales, so that's kind of what I was kind of thinking. What happens at that point. But I think the explanation has been very helpful.
David E. Simon: Sure. No worries.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Don't lose sight of the fact that between 2010 and 2012, over that 3-year period, sales were up 25% in our portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just since no one asked it here, I'll just throw it out there. Just wondering if you could give us your latest thoughts here on what you're seeing from JCPenney. And given that they are discounting pretty heavily to try to claw back some share and sales, just wondering if you're seeing or noticing any impact on other parts of the mall as a result of those efforts.
David E. Simon: Now, I would say, generally, it's not -- there's not a real impact of the mall environment. Both with the old Penney, the potential new-transformed Penney, and now the recovering to back-to-basics Penney. I mean, if you go through kind of the 3 cycles the way they were doing it, the radical change, now back-to-basics Penney. The fact of the matter is, it really hasn't impacted kind of the entire mall environment than what we have. If they get back to the basic Penney, having them -- they do broaden the mix generally in the environment and they appeal to a more moderate consumer, which we'd love to have in a number of cases, in a number of malls, as well as the higher-income consumer. And that market is there for them to appeal to that consumer in the mall environment, which they've done historically for 100-plus years. So -- and even before the mall environment. So we'll wait and see how they do that. But it's really had no impact on the -- what I'll call, the mall environment.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So, I mean -- so as they -- I mean, they are making some progress on the sale declines, so I'm just curious if that's hurting anybody else. But it sounds like not.
David E. Simon: Well, look, we're glad that they are. But again, it's not a huge impact on what's going on in the mall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Yang with Evercore.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Maybe for David. I'm curious if you any thoughts on the B mall or even C mall sales market, which has been surprisingly active this year. Maybe in terms of the prices being paid for this type of assets. What that might mean for the value of your stock, if anything? And then, also, maybe building off of Rich's question. Do you think spending on a B-mall portfolio would unlock some value for guys?
David E. Simon: Well, there's a lot there. So -- and you broke up out on the end. Did you hear the end part?
Stephen E. Sterrett: The potential of...
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I guess, maybe just starting, just what your thoughts are in terms of the prices being paid for the B and C malls, and what that might mean for the value of your stock, if anything at all?
David E. Simon: Well, I'm not going to comment on the value of our stock other than you look -- you need to look at us as a company that can increase its cash flow and its dividend and it has a lot of future, very high returns on equity investments, underlevered, ability to execute its game plan. We get caught up too much on A malls, B malls, tenant sales, all of that stuff. Put it all in the blender, you allocate it, you figure out what's most important to you. What's most important to me is cash flow growth and return on investment and equity, and that's what we strive to execute. And ability to finance our business appropriately, making smart investment decisions, which all kind of factors in. Then the market decides what the value of the stock should be. I don't -- I don't get carried away one way or the other. And the fact is, we look at every asset as it's very important to our business. We look at the future growth prospects. If we might dispose of them, we look at what the price we might get. We'd factor in the taxable income, what we might have to do in terms of dividends if we sold it. Because, as you know, we're at our taxable income number, it's growing rapidly. Our dividend is going to grow. We put all those things in and we try to do the best we can, and we'll see where it takes us. So it's good -- the big picture -- I'm not going to comment on price other than it's, I think, is very positive, generally speaking, that there's a lot of activity in -- if you want to call it B or C malls, call it B or C mall. And I think that never hurts us as an owner of -- if you want to say we're an owner of B and C, that's fine, it never hurts us that there's a lot of capital activity in that business.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe for a follow-up instead. Can you maybe talk about your expectations for cash flow growth in your A malls versus the B malls, and whether you think that's going to compress in the coming few quarters or even years?
David E. Simon: Well, I think, historically, the better the center or the more -- let me say it differently, the more market share any piece of real estate has, the better its cash flow growth characteristics they have. So whether it's A or B, is irrelevant. It's really a question of, does it have market share, what's the competitive outlook. And those that have that position have better growth characteristics, generally speaking.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Patinkin with BMO Capital Markets.
Josh Patinkin: Thinking about McArthurGlen in the European outlet business, specifically the leasing side. We have upside exposure in the U.S. with overage rents? Is it similarly structured there? Or any other nuances we should be thinking about?
David E. Simon: It's very much structured towards sales. But it's even more clever in the sense that they have -- in their leases, they get a percent of sales. But the high watermark is then fixed at kind of their base rent, so you get the best of both worlds in a sense. And these centers, on average, do just a -- if you convert, you all can convert, but we'll do it. These things average about $900 a foot. So it is a -- the ones that we've invested in. And as we think over time, we'll be able to invest in other outlets in Europe through McArthurGlen. We think it's a very productive portfolio and extension opportunities and the like. So we think it's -- we like it and we expect it to be a very good investment for us over time. And I think we're coming in at a decent valuation. So again, that's our ability to assess real estate, handle the complexity of a partnership like this, different countries, different personalities. We're one of the few companies that are able to do a deal like this. And that is a, respectfully I say, a competitive advantage for the company.
Josh Patinkin: In terms of growth there, how penetrated do you think Europe is with outlets relative to U.S. and what's the opportunity set in your view?
David E. Simon: It's good. Because the right to build in Europe continues whether it's an outlet or even a full priced, it continues to be very high -- or very hard, I should say.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So we see quite a bit of a mall trades here in the last couple of months, and given the activity in the market, was curious on your assessment of recent A- and B-mall asset pricing. Has there been a notable change in cap rates or return expectations giving -- given rising rate expectations and flowing sale trends?
David E. Simon: No.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. One more follow-up, if I may, on the releasing spread question. You guys also had a pretty good pickup in CapEx spend this quarter versus prior quarters. How much of this improved releasing spread, would you say, was bought this quarter with the higher CapEx spend?
David E. Simon: None.
Stephen E. Sterrett: None.
David E. Simon: Yes, you really -- yes, none. I mean, that -- there's some -- always going to be some quarter-to-quarter volatility, but no issue there. We don't buy -- we're very frugal, as you know, when it comes to tenant allowance and the like.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim with Credit Suisse.
Daniel Oppenheim - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about the comments in terms of upgrading the assets, and you've done a great job over time and very strong redevelopment pipeline now. And when you go through the mall portfolio, mall-by-mall in the next couple of weeks, how much do you have in terms of shadow redevelopment pipeline, where you look at it and say, "We'd love to do this redevelopment, but don't want to do so until we -- as we look at the struggling anchors here, if this were to happen, we'd do it." Just trying to think about that -- the opportunity in terms of that shadow pipeline there.
David E. Simon: Well, look, let me just -- if I could just comment generally on it. We are in the midst, again, of doing the biggest extensions and the biggest redevelopments that we have. So as an example, I'm not going to do the list. We are under construction in the Field, Roosevelt Field, we are under construction in Stanford, we're under construction shortly in Houston Galleria. And we're getting the approvals in the King of Prussia to create the extension between the 2 big assets. We just got approval from the BRA at Copley, we still need another hurdle. So we are literally -- we just finished Nanuet, Shops at Nanuet, which -- if anybody that's seen the mall prior to what we've done before, you would be pleasantly surprised not only just with the transformation but with the lease-up. So we are -- so for Del Amo, to name another one, we're in the midst of a huge construction there, bringing Nordstrom in and all the rest. So right now, the biggest focus is executing these huge, big redevelopments that are going to be really exciting. And there's a lot of opportunities beyond that. And our pipeline, in terms of redevelopment, is in the $4 billion to $5 billion range. But beyond discussing it, because everybody can have the shadow, the fact of the matter is, it's happening right now. Right now it's happening. So this is no longer, "We're going to do this," it's actually happening. And I've got the pictures to prove it, if you're interested.
Stephen E. Sterrett: And the only thing I would add is David touched on the major redevelopment projects, we're also adding 39 new anchors across the platforms this year, and we've been adding that every year, and each of those additions just make our properties stronger. We also have an ongoing renovation program, where we're renovating a number of projects every year. And all that is just part of what we're doing to keep our products relevant and enhance their market share.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Roane with Hilliard Lyons.
Jeremy Roane: I was wondering if you could speak on what has driven the property operating expenses down and maybe shed some light on if this type of expense reduction can be expected going forward?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Jeremy, it's Steve Sterrett. It's a couple of things. One is, as David mentioned earlier, we have sold some assets. We also had a wholly-owned asset that converted into a joint venture in 2013. So there are fewer properties which is causing part of the decline that you're seeing. The rest of the decline is caused by the fact that insurance costs are a little lower. It's really those 2 items that are driving it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Rick, I got a -- just a question on sort of occupancy. 95.5%, I recognize that includes the outlets, but I think that's the peak, overall, and certainly ahead of where you were even in the fourth quarter of last year. And so I'm just curious, as you head into the holiday season when you start including some of that temp spaces, how should we think about occupancy and full the portfolio is? How you're balancing that with rent, which continues to move up in terms of the spreads? And then as you think about '14, given the fact that you've already leased a lot of that space and done your renewals, what's that visibility that you have into '14 in terms of occupancy? It seems like a great place to start from at 95.5% today.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, first, we don't include temp space in the occupancy. Secondly, what we're doing is making our space more efficient, and we are going to be able to continue to generate increases in NOI because we're constantly looking to see how we can make our space more effective by bringing in more productive tenants. David made the point earlier, by decreasing the amount of the space allocated to given tenants. And frankly, we still have leasing going on in the pipeline. So we're never going to be satisfied and never get to the point where we say to you, "Well, we're fully occupied." The bottom line is, look in the Premium Outlets, they're 100%, for all intents and purposes, and we're still driving our NOI and driving spreads, because we're doing more effective leasing, more effective space allocation to more productive tenants.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So where does occupancy go then? I'm just -- I know you don't include temps, so what does that mean for the fourth quarter in terms of...
Richard S. Sokolov: I would certainly hope that we continue to show advances over where we are.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And your '14 outlook in terms of how much you've already done relative to that role?
Richard S. Sokolov: We're certainly going to anticipate that we're going to be able to increase it in '14.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Harris with Imperial Capital.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: This still a little early for us old folks.
David E. Simon: I know. You know what? No doubt, okay? No doubt.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: I know you talked a little bit about sales on this call, but if you look at your percentage rent growth line, in the first half of the year it was growing about 30% or more, and we're down to 10% year-over-year growth in the third quarter. That seems consistent with the slowdown that we're hearing from a lot of the mall retailers. Is that -- I mean, can we assume that you're all thinking that for temporary slowdown and that we will pick up even in this quarter?
David E. Simon: Well, the fact is that some of our percentage rents -- we've had certain tenants that have run into harder sales and then some that have picked the balance up, so it's all over the lot. But we'll see how it -- we'll see how the next couple of months pan out, David. It's very hard for us to give you a really specific answer to that question. We do have certain earnings tie -- risk tied to percentage rent. We gave -- we took that into account in raising our guidance. And -- but it's clear, and we're not denying this. It is clear that -- and it's not Simon Property Group, it is clear that the economy has slowed. You've seen it with wages, you've seen it with employment, needless to say, we don't have to get into what's going on in terms of leadership in our country. None of which we use as an excuse because we put blinders on, the best of our abilities, when it comes to that kind of stuff. But we're operating at a high level in a very slow growth economy. And we are outpacing the growth in the economy, and that's all that we can do. But we are affected by the economy. I mean, I wish I wasn't, but we are. And...
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: What period does this most remind you of in, say, the last 10 or 15 years, David?
David E. Simon: Good question. Good question. The fact is, I don't have an immediate -- usually I would just make something up, but I can't even come up with that at this point. But I would say a little bit like coming out of -- my initial reaction would be coming out of the -- when we were public, coming out of kind of the '97, that era where we're just kind of -- we weren't -- we hadn't ended, we'd survived and it was just grinding -- we were grinding about. And by the way, we we're grinding, I got double digits FFO increase, okay? So just keep that in perspective. But kind of like that, David, would be the initial off-the-cuff reaction.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Can I sneak in with a quick one for Steve?
David E. Simon: Sure. Sure.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Steve, with the issuance of the Eurobond, it reminded me, are you embracing -- have you used any of these tax structures that have sort of coming under greater scrutiny like double Irish or even The Netherlands, Luxembourg to structure your offshore interest?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Not really, David. It's pretty plain vanilla. We record -- as an example, we record tax expense as it relates to the Klpierre earnings that we picked up our share of every quarter. So relatively plain vanilla structure.
David E. Simon: Yes. In fact, it's -- just to reinforce what Steve said, if you look at our -- we did -- as we made more international investments, we're having to pay taxes in those jurisdictions. And if you see in our P&L, we actually separated that out so that you can see that impact, because it's becoming less than trivial.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Right. Simon is not Apple.
David E. Simon: No, no. I wish I were. And I like its stock quote [ph]. But I don't want the pearl icon on me, but I do wish I were Apple.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Well, isn't he urging share buybacks and dividends, so you're kind of halfway there.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of John Kim with CLSA.
John P. Kim - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I just wanted to follow-up on your comments on international opportunities. Right now, international is about 8% of your NOI. What level do you feel comfortable just going to in the next few years? And then also geographically, where do you see the most compelling opportunity between Europe, Asia and South America?
David E. Simon: Well, we don't -- our only goal is to make smart investments, and investments that we can add value to. So the fact of the matter is, if the -- if our international business stays the same or goes up slightly, it doesn't -- that's not how we think. We're only looking to make smart investments where we can add value. And we have a higher threshold in international investments, because it's a lot of work and it's got to be -- there's no desire here just to do international for the sake of international. The desire here is to make international investments because, one, we think we can add value; and, two, is because we think at the end of the day, we're going to make money, and Klpierre is a perfect example of that. So I don't have, in my mind, it ought to go from X to Y. And each jurisdiction that we're in is different, but we are doing new development in Asia. We're not an acquirer of assets in Asia just because it's a tougher market. And we're sticking to the outlet business and markets that we're in where we can develop and it meets our threshold return requirements, which has been, certainly a real challenge in China, as an example. And that's why we did an investment in '08 and '09, we got out of it, and we haven't done anything since.
John P. Kim - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I was going to actually follow-up on -- if there had been any update on your view to China and Brazil?
David E. Simon: Well, China, I gave to you. Brazil, we continue to look at opportunities there in the outlet sector, a few sites that we're in, but nothing really imminent in the marketplace.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer part of today's call.
David E. Simon: Okay, thank you. I know you have a number of calls to go to, so thanks for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes your presentation, you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Liz Zale David E. Simon - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Stephen E. Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Paul E. Adornato - BMO Capital Markets U.S. David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division John P. Kim - CLSA Limited, Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Allison, and I'll be operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Liz Zale, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, ma'am.
Liz Zale: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Simon Property Group's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Liz Zale, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Joining me on today's call is David Simon, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. We refer investors to today's earnings press release and our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward-looking statements. Please note that this call does include information that may be accurate only of today's date, July 29, 2013, and reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the earnings release or the company supplemental information, including this morning's Form 8-K filing. The supplemental document is available on simon.com in the Investors section. And with that, I would like to now introduce David Simon.
David E. Simon: Good morning. It was another productive quarter. FFO was $2.11 per share, up 11.6% from the second quarter of '12. Our FFO exceeded the first call consensus by $0.04. For Malls and Outlets, comparable property NOI growth was 5.9%, driven by occupancy, up 90 basis points to 95.1%; a growth in the releasing spread to $7.49 per square foot, or 14.1%; base minimum rent per square foot, 3.6% higher than the year ago period. And our tenant sales were up 4.2% to $577 per square foot. Now let me turn to just some deal activity. On May 30, we acquired a 390,000 square-foot outlet center in Portland, Oregon, $447 million. This is a very productive center, with sales in excess of $600 per square foot. It's 99% leased, has a great tenant lineup and fits terrific with our Outlet portfolio. And it's been rebranded Woodburn Premium Outlets. And as you would expect, it's immediately accretive to FFO. On June 3, we announced our JV with McArthurGlen to invest in certain of their designer outlets and become a partner in the property management development companies. They have a terrific and one of the best performing portfolios of high-quality retail real estate in Europe and a good, strong team of professionals. The transaction supports and extends our International Premium Outlet strategy. We completed the initial phase of this transaction and are now 50-50 partners in the management and development companies. And we also will become a partner in their new designer outlet project in Vancouver and are working to close our investment in several of their existing centers. On May 7, we sold Laguna Hills Mall for $110 million. Now let me turn to new development. Phoenix and Shisui opened in April, both 100% leased, both strong openings. And we're pleased with the performance. The third quarter -- this third quarter, we have 3 new Premium Outlet Centers that will open. Toronto, this week, August 1. You're all welcome. St. Louis, which is 100% leased, on August 22. You're all welcome. Busan, Korea maybe a little bit out of your way, but it is 99% leased, and it opens on August 29. The construction started during the second quarter at our Premium Outlets Montral, which is our second Premium Outlet Center in Canada. Vancouver will be our third. And let me just turn to redevelopment activity. A lot going on. I won't go through everything, but some highlights. In April, we completed the redevelopment of an existing limited building in Dadeland Mall. It's great. Go look at it. The redevelopment of Walt Whitman opens this September, with the addition of retailers and restaurants on the exterior of the building. The Shops at Nanuet in suburban New York City opens in October. At this project, we actually demolished the existing mall and created a new open air center. The redevelopment of Lenox Square continues as does the transformation of Del Amo Fashion Center, among several other centers that are all listed in the 8-K. And on the Premium Outlet front, we completed expansions at Paju and Seattle during the second quarter. Expansions are underway at Orlando Premium Outlets in Vineland and Johor Malaysia. Both of these projects will open in the fourth quarter. The significant expansion at Desert Hills continues, will open in April of next year. And finally, on that front, we started this quarter the $170 million redevelopment expansion of Woodbury Commons in New York. The Mills -- Sawgrass Mills, we opened the expansion in The Colonnade Outlets during the second quarter, as well as the redevelopment of the former Wannado space. Macy's opened at Gurnee Mills last week. In addition, we have significant box activity throughout The Mills and Mall portfolio with numerous stores under construction. Our pipeline in new development, redevelopment projects is significant and growing. Stuff is coming online. We're also under construction with several projects. We expect this to continue at least $1 billion annually through 2016. And I'll remind you that we're funding this primarily with $1 billion of our free annual cash flow generated by the company. Just quickly on financing. We're pleased with the Standard & Poor's upgrade in May with our corporate credit rating and senior unsecured debt ratings were increased to A level. We believe this reflects our conservative balance sheet strategy, the quality of our portfolio and the ongoing focus of being a good steward of capital. We continue to be active in the debt markets. So far, year-to-date, we did 17 new loans, approximately $2.4 billion, of which our shares is $1.7 billion. The average interest rate on the loans is 2.9%, and the average term is 8.1 years. Klpierre reported solid first half results. I won't go through them in detail. They're available. Shopping center gross rents, which represents 94.4% of total rents, were up 4.1%, or 2.5% on a like-for-like basis. They increased their 2013 guidance for net cash -- net current cash flow per share. And they continue to upgrade the portfolio through development, redevelopment, as well as the disposition on noncore assets. Today, we increased the top and the bottom of our 2013 FFO guidance once again to a new range of $8.60 to $8.70 of FFO per share. This is an increase of $0.20 from our initial guidance or over $70 million. And as always, we are extremely focused on the successful execution of our plan for '13, from the effective leasing and management of our high-quality existing portfolio to the successful delivery of our new and redevelopment pipeline and the achievement of the returns that we have outlined. We're now ready for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt of New York.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I look at the supplemental and it says the openings projected for 2015 and beyond, and it lists Del Amo and Roosevelt Field but it doesn't list Copley Place and Houston Galleria. Is this just because those projects are starting later or is there a change in plan for those assets?
David E. Simon: No change at all. We are -- actually, once they are formally approved within our internal process, they go on a schedule. Copley, we're actually going through, just a little bit more permitting approvals, which we expect to have by the end of the year. And then The Galleria, we have an announcement coming shortly. Stay tuned. We approved it internally. They'll both be on our list. No real change of plans on either one.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I also noticed in the anchor section, you're adding a Wegmans to the Montgomery Mall. May you be adding supermarkets to other centers and was there any change that you made in terms of parking or access to make Wegmans work with the rest of the mall?
Richard S. Sokolov: Craig, it's Rick. The Wegmans is being built on the site of a former Boscov's, which we demolished. And the land was suitable to be able to have all their parking accommodated. We are putting several outside uses in Montgomery just to be accommodative to that, so we're having some uses we think will work well with the supermarket. And we're also adding a Fairway Market at Nanuet. So these types of high profile, high-volume users are, we think, very additive to the properties.
David E. Simon: Craig, I remember you used to asked about Nanuet all the time. So now thankfully, it's opening in October. And we're basically virtually leased, not everybody will open by this year. But by spring of next year, all 100% will be opened.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was actually by that site a couple of weeks ago. It looks like it's pretty transformative.
David E. Simon: Yes, it should be. We're excited about it.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One last thing. Are you able to give a cap rate on the Laguna Hills Mall that you sold in May?
David E. Simon: Well, I'll let you do the math. The NOI, if I remember correctly, was around $6.5 million or something in that range, $6.5 million.
Operator: And your next question comes from Quentin Velleley of Citigroup.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just on the McArthurGlen acquisition. Can you just talk broadly about the opportunity in Europe with Outlets and how involved Simon senior management will be with the management and growth of that business?
David E. Simon: Well, I think there is a significant opportunity, both within their existing portfolio and the ability to add extensions to them, as well as continue to upgrade the tenant offerings and add to the footfall of those centers through tourism efforts and the like. In addition, McArthurGlen does have a significant pipeline of additional opportunities in terms of new development. So when you couple those, as well as we do think there'll be acquisition opportunities within their portfolio and others, we think it's going to end up being a significant platform for our growth over the next several years. It's a complicated deal not only because it's in Europe and you're in different countries, but also the ownership of the assets are owned not by just one individual, but by various partners and funds. I think over time, as we solidify the platform, bring our expertise to the table, along with their assets and their people, it should be a very good deal for us. So we're excited about it. And the sales productivity of these centers is very high, and there's not a lot of them. And they're very well accepted, and there's not that many players in Europe that do it at such a high level. So we think, ultimately, it's going to be a good transaction for us.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I think you still own a stake in Value Retail, the other outlet developer and owner in Europe. Are you now a seller of that stake?
David E. Simon: Do you have an offer for me?
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I don't have the money.
David E. Simon: Okay. No, we're happy with that stake. But we're always interested in whatever we can do to benefit our shareholders. But that investment has been good for us. We anticipate continuing in it. As you might know, I mean, that was kind of an investment that the former Chelsea made. We've added to it over the years. We've got a significant embedded gain compared to our book value of it, and they do a very good job in terms of operating their centers as well. So we think we're a long-term owner of it, but I never rule anything out.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, there's been a lot of media speculation on the Colonial investment management platform in Australia. I know you guys are constantly looking at global opportunities. Is the Australian mall industry one that interests you?
David E. Simon: Well, maybe. Haven't ruled it out. But we'll look at anything. I mean, Westfield does such a good job. We've always been a little bit reluctant to enter that market. On the other hand, it's an interesting market. It's very stable. We like the people there, and the malls there do very well. So I wouldn't rule anything out, just like we've monitored Brazil for years. Haven't found the right transaction. We wouldn't rule any one particular place out. The one place we continue to be the most concerned about, as we look internationally, is China just because it's a tough place to figure out who's on first. Australia, to some extent, has a lot of benefits, that it's a very transparent market.
Operator: And your next question comes from Christy McElroy of UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on McArthurGlen. With regard to the property management development partnership, will there be any immediate impact to cash flow, just thinking about any fees? Or is that further down the road?
David E. Simon: Well, it's a profitable management company, so our investment will have a return associated with it. Now that will just end up flowing through our JV line, so it's not going to be in our management company. So it will be hard for you to see. But they're profitable, and we expect to have a pretty good return on our investment in the management company.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: What was the investment?
David E. Simon: Well, it's really separated into 2 pieces, but both for the management and the development was GBP 25 million.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Are you able to disclose the Q2 '13 only year-over-year change in sales?
David E. Simon: Say it again?
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just the quarter change in sales, so if I were just to isolate the second quarter sales and look at it on a year-over-year basis.
David E. Simon: We don't do that, but it was up about 1%.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, regarding some of the new sort of in-store customer tracking technology that some retailers are using today, are you having to do any upgrades to the technological infrastructure of your malls, such as increasing bandwidth or other changes? And are you using any new technologies to sort of collect any of your own data on customers or analyze shopper traffic patterns?
David E. Simon: Well, look, that whole area, we are treading very, very carefully because it is lots of privacy concerns. So we have not -- we've looked at it all. But the fact of the matter is, until the folks in Washington feel good about it, we are watching it and we're not really playing in any of that stuff because we really don't know what kind of privacy violations it may generate. So I would tell you that we're treading very, very carefully and have done nothing along the lines that would be able to track anything like that, period, end of story. Now with respect to -- I think the big effort generally in the mall industry is we're all investing in WiFi networks throughout our malls. We're doing that as well. We're starting at the bigger ones first, and that's really primarily for the benefit of our consumer. But to the extent that it can help facilitate our retailers, we're happy for them to participate. But again, I would tell you, on the privacy front, we're not doing anything. We're treading very, very carefully.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And from a CapEx perspective, what are the sort of per mall costs associated with adding the WiFi?
David E. Simon: It depends. I'd say, generally, it's around $150,000 a mall, but it really depends. Somewhere in that range.
Operator: And your next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Steve, you've been a little quiet so far, so maybe I'll lead off with you. As far as the A rating, is this a blessing or a bit of a curse? In any way, does it limit your ability whether it's on the redevelopment front or on the overseas investment front? Does being an A student, does that hinder your guys' flexibility or would you rather be A-?
Stephen E. Sterrett: It does not hinder it at all, Alex. And in fact, one of the additions that we made to the 8-K this quarter was to give you some look at some credit metrics over a 5-year look-back period, and you can see how the metrics had improved. The coverage has gotten better, leverage went down, debt to EBITDA went down. So I think, if anything, it's just a reflection of the continued strengthening of the balance sheet. And to the extent that we can absolutely borrow at cheaper rates than anyone else in our sector, I think that's absolutely a good thing.
David E. Simon: And I'll just add, S&P, they're pretty smart folks. They've seen what we've done historically, both in redevelopment and M&A activity, so they have every expectation that, that will continue. And they don't necessarily just rate you based upon being a status business. They rate you on what you've done and what they expect for you to do going forward. And our redevelopment pipeline of $5 billion thereabouts, as well as our continual activity in finding smart external investments, is part of our history of our company. And they actually like that stuff because it's obviously increased our return on equity and increased our cash flow and made us a better company. So that's all factored into how they look at us going forward.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then the second question is going onto the McArthurGlen and Klpierre. The first part is just, when you were talking, David, earlier about buying out in McArthurGlen, presumably, that was buying out some of those individual ownership stakes so that it would be JVs that you would own McArthurGlen assets with McArthurGlen and Simon as the ownership structure. And then separate...
David E. Simon: Correct. That's correct.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then separate is, it's early on, but down the road, do you synergies between Klpierre and McArthurGlen? Or in your view, these are 2 totally separate platforms, they each have to stand on their own?
David E. Simon: Well, I think, initially, they are definitely 2 separate platforms and definitely will stand on their own. I mean, they both have very successful operating platforms. And they have obviously dedicated management for both, and they're both big businesses. But I do think, with time, there certainly could be cooperation between the 2, but it's not necessary. But I would expect the 2 to cooperate over time. And especially in France, where McArthurGlen has at least 3 in the pipe of new potential developments, given the history of Klpierre and developing it in France, there's no reason why some sort of cooperation wouldn't make sense for both companies. And we'll certainly encourage that. I happen to know both guys who run it, so that will make it a little bit easier.
Operator: And your next question comes from Cedrik Lachance of Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: David, when I look at some of the recent acquisitions, they always seem to be largely strategic. You think about the big picture. You look at adding outlets to Europe, where you obviously have the full price presence. It's got similarities with what you've done in the U.S. The approach always seems to be primarily strategic. Do you also look at plays where you would find more distressed real estate, where you would find big discounts to any of your asset value? Or is this on the back burner and you keep looking for strategic acquisitions?
David E. Simon: I can't tell you -- there is nothing more than buying something cheap that excites me and the team here. So we love to buy things really cheap. And if that can be done on a distressed basis, we like it as long as -- ultimately, we've got to believe in the real estate because we're not -- well, I wouldn't say we're traders. So at the end of the day, we've got to have a long-term view that we like the cash flow that's being generated from the real estate. But to some extent, I mean, if you go back to the Klpierre deal -- and look, Europe is still squishy, to put it mildly. That was a -- I wouldn't call it a distressed situation, but it was certainly at a pretty decent discount to NAV in an uncertain future. And not many people are investing in Europe. When we talk about McArthurGlen, there are not many people that are, at this point, taking the position that Europe is a good place to invest in. So to some extent, both of those transactions are somewhat contrarian. And if we see those as capital ebbs and flows throughout the world, I mean, I would hope that we would be able to take advantage of it. So we certainly love to try and do that. It's not what we do every day. We've got to believe in the real estate at the end of the day. But I would tell you that we've done it historically, so we would hope to continue to find those kind of opportunities.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: And when you look at it currently, are those investment possibilities primarily outside of the U.S.? Or do you see potential, either distressed here, distressed properties or even companies that might be at prices that are of more interest in the United States?
David E. Simon: I would say, Cedrik, generally, those kind of opportunities are outside the U.S.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Would you be able to share the cap rate on Woodburn?
David E. Simon: You won't believe it, but it was 10.5%, only because we had a long-term option to buy it at a 10.5% cap rate. So it's not a reflection of market value, but it just goes -- it's a long history there, but it's a pretty good deal for us.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: How did that option -- how was it put together?
David E. Simon: It was really by the outlet guys with Craig over a number of years, history of kind of that whole relationship. I really -- it's not really all that material how it got there, but it just -- it's a good deal for us. And importantly, it's a very good center.
Operator: And your next question comes from Steve Sakwa of ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I was hoping that you guys could focus a little bit on the core portfolio, since that's the primary driver of, I think, growth here. You guys are now 95% occupied. The business is really kind of hitting on all cylinders. When I look at the re-leasing spreads and look at kind of where ending rents are for next year, they actually are lower in '14 than they are for the balance of this year. And I'm just curious how are you and Rick thinking about kind of the leasing, the discussions with tenants and kind of what are you guys doing differently today, given where you're sitting with the portfolio as well leased as it is?
Richard S. Sokolov: It's Rick. Basically, we are spending a lot of time just focusing on our mix, focusing on getting the right tenants in the right spaces to maximize the productivity, to maximize the rent that they can pay. And I will tell you that a lot of the calls that David and I receive are tenants worried about whether they're going to be renewed in their spaces as opposed to having to solicit interest in the spaces. So we're in a pretty dynamic market. All of the improvements we're making to this portfolio, in the renovations, the redevelopment, I think, over the last 4 years, we've probably added 200 different anchors to these portfolios. We're just taking market share and making them better. And I think that the thing you can focus on is the fact that our occupancy cost is 11.3%. And as you see with our spreads and you see with the momentum we have, we're going to be able to continue to grow that NOI because of all those reasons.
David E. Simon: Steve, I would just say, look, I mean, the fact is supply and demand is a little bit better. But our philosophy on how we operate the business is not all that different. I mean, we've seen cycles ebb and flow. At the end of the day, what's best for the business is creating the win-win with the retailer, and we've done that. We don't get to where we are today if we hadn't taken that philosophy over the last 50 years. So it's not all that different. Sure, it's better to be in this kind of environment, where supply and demand is in the owner's favor, but that changes, too. And so at the end of the day, it's all about just trying to create a win-win, which I think the history of our company suggests we know how to do it.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Maybe a quick question for Steve. On the Page 22 on the supplemental, you've obviously got a fairly large decline in the Other income. And even if you strip out some of the things like the gain on land sales, the Other was down about $10 million and it's down about $12 million for the year. Can you sort of just talk about that and how do we think about that business in the back half of the year and into next year?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Sure, Steve. There are a couple of things that were in Other income in 2012 that aren't there in 2013. If you remember, we talked from time to time on prior calls that we were owners of some mortgages, so there was some income flowing through from that debt. That debt has all been paid off. Likewise, we were the mezz lender to The Mills. That debt was obviously retired as part of the transaction in 2012. And then we have had, as you mentioned, both lower land sales, as well as, on a year-to-date basis, much lower lease settlement income.
David E. Simon: Yes, just to reinforce there because I saw your -- well, just to reinforce, the core business of the -- what's in the Other income, sponsorship, all of the ancillary things that are generated from the ball business is up this year compared to last year. So there's no change there. That category does represent a lot of our other activity, whether it's loaning folks, buying mortgages. Sometimes, we loan developers money, where we get an option to buy. As Steve said, we bought mortgages. Last year, we sold our investment in the domain residential. So that also category represents kind of the other activity that the company does that's not its, what I'll call, its operating business. And it's a little bit lumpy, no big deal. But the important point is, it is other income, which is good. It's not other losses, that's point one. Point two is that the core business sponsorship, et cetera, is all trending up this year compared to Q2 of last year and year-to-date. Now I don't have exactly that number, what it's up, but we can certainly get it to you pretty quick unless you have it. We don't have the core business number, but we can get that for you, no big deal.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then lastly, David, just talk maybe a little bit about the Brazil situation, your relationship with BR malls and sort of what's going on in terms of looking for deals down there and kind of the weakness in Brazil and how do you think that sort of plays out over the next year or 2?
David E. Simon: Well, look, the joint venture that we have with BR, the first deal we were looking to build an outlet center in was in So Paulo. And as you know, it ran into right-to-build issues. Those, still to this day, have not been satisfied, at least to our comfort level. So at this point, it's a no-go deal until that gets satisfied. And if it does get satisfied, then we'll have a decision to make. And we'll have to assess the climate, both short term and medium term, in deciding whether or not to go forward. But the condition precedent to that decision is not yet there, and that's the right-to-build issue. There is a couple of other sites that our team went down to look at. That may be in the pipe in the future. So let's put that aside. I mean, the macro stuff there is concerning all the supply in the market is concerning. That's kind we kind of like the Outlet business because it was different. It was new. It was going to get ahead of a lot of the supply that came on, on the full price. Obviously, you've got to weigh the macro in. But long term, Brazil is a great, great country with a lot of dynamic growth to it. But we're very cautious on a market like that, and we haven't found the right deal. And thankfully, in hindsight, our decision not to invest aggressively there has been the appropriate one. So we'll wait to see. I've always worried about the cash flows from the buildings that have been built there and whether that was sustainable with all the new supply, the fact that a lot of the cash flow comes from parking. There's a whole host of things. The cost of the goods down there is significant. The high-end malls there, whether they're profitable for the retailers or not, still it's a question mark. So there's a lot there to underwrite. And essentially, that's -- you should assume that those questions have been factored into the fact that we have not made an investment in Brazil.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a question on sales growth. With regards to the increase from $575 a square foot reported in the first quarter to $577 reported now, do you think the sequential increase of 35 basis points is a sign for concern as it's somewhat weaker than the other recent quarters?
David E. Simon: No.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No, okay. And then can you comment on which areas of retail seem to be doing especially well versus the ones that are keeping that number from increasing as much as it had been in previous 3 quarters?
David E. Simon: Yes, I'll let Rick talk about that. But I will say this. I mean, the ups and downs of retailers and retail sales is a historical fact. But the increasing of our cash flow year after year is also a historical fact. And so we don't get overexcited whether sales go up 5% or down 5% because we know that the cash flow that we generate from our buildings has a long history of increasing, given that we've got tenants in there that are very profitable and we have leases that are below market. So when we look at -- we give you this information, I don't -- I have never pulled my hair out based upon -- or jumped up for joy when sales have increased. I mean, we're just giving you the facts. The fact of the matter is our comp NOI is going to grow because our market rents are well below what leases are rolling over, as someone pointed out earlier. So I just want to reinforce that point, and then Rick can go ahead and answer your question.
Richard S. Sokolov: Just to add a little more color to that, the stronger regions for us were New England, the Mountain states, Southwest and South Atlantic; a little weaker were the Plains, Mid-Atlantic, Great Lakes. The stronger categories were juniors, women's specialty, accessories, men's shoes and women's better. And the weaker areas were women's popular, home furniture and women's special size.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick follow-ups. Did you guys talk about a yield expectation for your investment in McArthurGlen?
David E. Simon: Well, we're going to -- when the whole deal closes, we'll give that to you. But as we said initially when we announced it in May, that it will be accretive, and it's going to be -- we believe it's going to be a profitable transaction. But until all the elements of it close, we're not going to get into those details.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you guys made an investment in 6 interests in their malls. They own about, I think, about 20 or more. Was it just because of the structures in the individual malls or was it more selective buying?
David E. Simon: Well, again, we haven't closed on 4 of the 6 yet. But when those close, some of those interests are held outside of MGE, which again, over time, I think we'll have the opportunity to the extent that we want to, to buy interest in some of those assets. But they're not really, at this point, owned by MGE other than a couple, which we kind of collectively both agreed that we didn't want to buy at this particular point. So again, this is a long-term transaction that we feel will be able to increase our investment in but in a methodical, thoughtful way. And we're just focused on finishing the first deal, and then we'll be able to look at other opportunities going forward not just with some of the other assets that they manage, but don't own or own very little, but also other opportunities out there.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the 5.9% same-store NOI growth, could you help us -- could you break it out a little bit, maybe how much of it will fund the revenue front versus expenses? And it looks like your tenant reimbursements increased pretty significantly. How much of that looks driven by that as well?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Ki Bin, this is Steve. You hit the 3 components. Minimum rent was over half of it. A contributor was also the net increases in recoveries, if you will, and then percentage rents. If you look at our overage rent line on both the consolidated financials, but then also our share of the JV income, overage rent was a contributor as well.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And is that -- the increase in recovery, so what thought about that, it seems this is higher than it's been before on a year-over-year basis?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, I don't think it's higher than it's been year before, but it's -- we're 90-plus percent converted to fixed CAM. We have annual escalators of that fixed charge, and that annual escalator has been at a higher rate than expenses have been growing. And in fact, we've done a really good job of holding expenses relatively flat, so that's been additive.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last question, and I'll kind of leave it open-ended. Surprised that you guys didn't include the outlet development in Philadelphia with Penn REIT in your, I guess maybe it's too new, in your development pages or disclosures. And I guess I'll leave it open-ended, maybe you could comment a little bit about that?
David E. Simon: Yes, I mean, it's -- once we approve it internally, it will go on our schedule. We expect it to go forward. It's still finalizing the permit. We're actually rushing, I hope to start this year so we could open next year. That's going to be touch and go just because we have to go through some permitting stuff. Once we do it and approve it, it will be there. We expect it to be a good deal. Penn REIT approached us with the site, I don't know, 1.5 year, 2 years ago, Rick, probably?
Richard S. Sokolov: About a year.
David E. Simon: We looked at it. We did a little bit of tentative pre-leasing with the retailers. They expressed an interest. We're going to build it once we get permitted, not overly complicated. And then, hopefully, if we do get to jump through the hoops that we need to jump through, we could actually start this year and then have a chance of opening next year. But like I said, that's right on the bubble. If not, it will be a '15 opening.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Is that a 50-50 JV?
David E. Simon: No, we own 75%. We have -- and they own 25%, and we have a small partner in our piece. So I think our effective, I remember, is around 65%. Our effective ownership is 65%.
Operator: And your next question comes from Paul Adornato with BMO Capital Markets.
Paul E. Adornato - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I guess this morning, Hudson's Bay was talking about spinning off their real estate into a Canadian REIT. And so the question is not on Hudson's Bay or Canadian REITs, but really just the longer-term trend of the anchors trying to capture the real estate value for their own shareholders. I was wondering if you had any thoughts or comments on that dynamic and how you might see it playing out going forward.
David E. Simon: Well, I will tell you that the attractiveness of a company like ours versus a captive REIT are a completely different set of institutional investors. What people look to in our investment is the growth, rising dividends, the dynamic nature of our company. And by investing with us, they've been well rewarded by our ability to increase our earnings and our dividend and, obviously, the resulting stock price increase. In those captive REITs, they're basically a different set of investors. They're bond-like investors. So it's a whole different thing. And if a retailer wants to do it, I mean, god bless them. I mean, if they makes them ultimately a better retailer and they can use that capital to reinvest in their business, it's no big deal from our standpoint. So there are some that are also trying to redevelop some of their boxes. I think they have found that to be really difficult, and I think what they'd rather end up doing is trying to figure out what the fair market value is and then look for the developer, i.e., us to make the profit. And that's been the nature of the development business for years is that the developer tends to get the development profit because they know what they're doing. So I don't think any of this is really all that different. I think it's potentially an attractive way for them to raise the capital to fund Saks. And if they can do that and make the combination a better, more profitable business, we're all for it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Harris of Imperial Capital.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: It looks as if we ended the 30-year decline in long-term interest rates in the first half of this year. So if rates are going to be going up, what do you think Simon might have to do differently over the next 3 to 5 years in order to generate returns as attractive as the returns you've been able to generate over the last couple of decades, David?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think the plan has been put in place, David, which is for us to generate the kind of returns that we want to generate that we've done historically, it's really the redevelopment, new development pipe that we've produced. And that's bigger than it's ever been. A lot of the returns that we generated historically was because we bought a lot of stuff at good prices and the values went up, and we added value through increasing the cash flow. The arbitrage that we have in the redevelopment and new development business, and as large as it is, is actually higher even with higher interest rates. So as long as we can execute, and that's assessing retailer demand and making sure the costs are right, I think we can still do what we've done as we've shifted more toward redevelopment and new development as opposed to acquisition in terms of how we look at all the capital that we're plowing back into the business. So I don't think we have to do anything extraordinary. And other than -- and it is extraordinary other than execute our pipe, which is huge and complicated. But if we can do that, I think we're in good stead.
Stephen E. Sterrett: David, I'd also remind you, as I think David mentioned in his opening remarks, we fund that pipeline with free cash flow. So in theory, the cost of that capital is 0, so the arbitrage is very good. But I'd also remind you, we have $2.9 billion of debt coming due next year. The weighted average interest rate is 6%. We've got $2.9 billion coming due the following year at a weighted average interest rate of about 5 1/4%. So even though with the spike in interest rates that we've seen, today, our bonds trade in the 3 3/4% range for 10 year. So there still should be a very positive pickup as we refinance that debt over the next couple of years.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Steve, you read my note that I put out a month ago or so, and I've made 6 suggestions that REITs might adopt by way of strategy and tactics to generate performance in a rising rate environment. Would you just care to expand on why you think that managing leverage over the cycle would perhaps not be the right way to go?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, David, listen, I think one of the things we should have all learned coming out of '08, '09 is that the world changes. It's a volatile place. The price we pay for being a REIT is that we don't fund -- self-fund our debt from cash flow, so we should all run with a fair bit of liquidity. And I think we should all run with relatively conservative balance sheets. So you and I might disagree on that particular point.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just a point of detail on the McArthurGlen deal. If we think about the return expectations you underwrote there, on the existing assets, do you think those assets are going to produce higher returns than dollars invested in the existing outlet centers in the U.S. and so we're looking really at this transaction as offering the better returns from development as we go forward? Or do you think it's going to be -- you're going to get attractive returns out of the existing assets as well?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think the returns that we were able to generate out of the U.S. Outlet business are pretty damn good. So there's not much out there that we're going to do that's going to rival the returns that we get from new development and extending our existing U.S. Premium Outlet business. But that doesn't mean that, that should eliminate us making other good investments. And we are as busy as we've ever been in the U.S. Premium Outlet business. We're not doing every deal. I mean, there's lots of other outlet developers doing lots of new business in that space, both redevelopment and new development. So we're focused on what we can do, and that's great. And we're piling a lot of capital on that as evidenced by the new development and the extensions at Woodbury and Seattle and Desert Hills and Orlando and Vegas, et cetera. But that doesn't mean that the stuff that we're doing in Europe is not going to be attractive over both the medium and the long run. It's not quite as good as the U.S.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Right. I mean, having seen a couple of those McArthur assets over the years, I mean, I only think [ph] they've been pretty well managed. I'm not suggesting that you couldn't squeeze some more out of them, but it's not like there's huge amount being left on the table, I don't think.
David E. Simon: Well, people have said that about other stuff that we bought, and we figure out how to do that. So I'm hopeful we can do the same thing here as well.
Operator: And your next question comes from John Kim of CLSA.
John P. Kim - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on your potential interest in CFX retail in Australia. Internationally, your acquisitions have primarily been through joint ventures. But regarding CFX, I was wondering if your preference was again to go this route. Or would you entertain the idea of fully owning and managing the assets, given the high quality of the portfolio and given the fact that the management rights are for sale?
David E. Simon: Well, we didn't say any of that. So I think someone asked a big picture question about Australia, and that's all I said was we haven't ruled it out. We've -- so I really can't add anything more to that than what I just said.
John P. Kim - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. Then maybe I could just clarify, is the Commonwealth Bank's potential sale of its management rights and interest in CFX, is that something that's heightened your interest in Australia than a normal investment?
David E. Simon: Well, again, we haven't -- we look at opportunities worldwide, and that would -- to the extent that, that surfaces, we'd look at it just like anything else. I mean, I can't really expound on it. There's nothing really to add at this point.
John P. Kim - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. Just turning to another Aussie company. There are market reports that Lend Lease, who you've transacted with in the past, is looking to sell its ownership stake and management rights of Bluewater in the U.K. Would a single acquisition like this be appealing to you in complementing your European investment? Or do you still prefer a platform in entering a new market?
David E. Simon: I would say one individual asset would have -- this is a generic statement. It would have to be a unique individual asset in a market that we're familiar with for us to do it, to do that as supposed to just -- I'd prefer a platform. Certainly, an asset like Bluewater is unique, and it's a very good asset. But generally, it would have to just -- this is a generic statement. For us to enter into a market that we don't -- we're not -- we don't have any presence, it would have to be the best of the best in terms of an asset. I'd prefer a platform, and that's basically a generic statement, outside of it being kind of the best asset in that market.
John P. Kim - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Can you comment on whether or not the U.K. is within Klpierre's domain? Or is it sort of an open market for either one of you to invest in?
David E. Simon: Well, first of all, there are no restrictions that we have vis--vis Klpierre other than, I'm Chairman of the Supervisory Board and I've got to obviously act accordingly. They are not in the U.K. I don't -- there's never been any discussion that they'd have any interest in the U.K., and I don't foresee that at all.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Maybe a follow-up to an earlier question for both David and Steve. What sort of interest rate environment are you guys managing the business towards over the next few years? Are you expecting higher rates in, say, the next 2 to 3 years?
David E. Simon: Well, are we? Sure. I wish I could tell you what the rate is, then I would also be trading treasuries, I guess. But the fact of the matter is we're being as aggressive on refinancing our business as we can. We're not all that excited doing, trading dollars, which essentially is, to some extent, our secured debt's got obviously, make whole provisions and all of it or most of it. But as soon as they are open to prepay, we're refinancing that. We don't necessarily believe in funding the make-whole premium. It's basically trading present-value dollars. It creates lumpiness in the earnings blah, blah, blah. I'm not a big fan of it. We may do it in one particular context on one deal. But I mean, we're as active as we can, Steve, on refinancing.
Stephen E. Sterrett: We are. And not only that, Jeff, we have, despite the fact that LIBOR is at 20 bps and hasn't moved, and there would be a temptation to float. The fact is 90-plus percent of our debt is fixed-rate debt. And we've done the match with long-lived assets and long term fixed-rate debt. I mean, Jeff, I think David's right. I think rates are likely to rise. Having said that, they've already moved 75 to 100 bps, and we don't have a lot of robust economic growth in the economy today. But I do think it's probably likely that we'll see a higher rate environment going forward.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Have you guys seen already any demonstrable impact on asset pricing, either deals being retraded, or do you expect a better acquisition environment ahead?
David E. Simon: No, I mean, I don't think there's been a really reaction on the transaction side because of rising rates at all. I have not seen that at all.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And maybe this one's for Rick, just on occupancy costs, I'm curious. The pace of sales growth is decelerating, but re-leasing spreads have been fairly healthy. Why haven't we seen an increase in occupancy costs? And do you think that's going to ratchet up in the next 12 months?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, one of the components of occupancy costs are sales and the rents. Frankly, we're only rolling relatively small percentage of our square footage every year. And our sales have been growing pretty aggressively, and our spreads have been growing right along with that. So as we pointed out earlier, given that we're 11.3%, we think we still have considerable room to grow our rent even in a moderating sales environment.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And just maybe an understanding percentage rents. I know overall, the portfolio does about $577 a square foot. But when you guys look at who actually pays percentage rents, does the sales productivity of those tenants vary much from the portfolio average? I'm just curious if the productivity of the percentage rent payers is sort of higher or lower than the portfolio as a whole?
Richard S. Sokolov: It is all over the block. We've got over 1,200 tenants that pay us percentage rent. So we have a very wide and diverse base. And really, there's no particular corollary between how would you say, sales productivity and the payment of percentage rent.
David E. Simon: And to amplify Rick's point about 1,200. A lot of our percentage rent payers are actually department stores that pay a 1% or 2% or 3%, depending on the vintage of the original deal. And I would tell you that, that's a big component of our percentage rent. And as you might imagine, it's been kind of static over the last several years. And in some cases, down when you're talking about a penny.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just one last question, actually, for you, David. I recall that I think Simon or Chelsea had bought in Craig's interest in their Carlsbad's outlet years ago for, I think, around a 10 cap. Are there any more of those purchase options still lingering with Craig?
David E. Simon: We're looking. I'd like to find a few more, but I don't believe so. But if I stumble upon it, I'll let you know.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nathan Isbee of Stifel.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just focusing on the same-store growth. You're in the mid-5s through the first half of the year against some pretty tough comps in '12. And you had mentioned earlier in the year that some of the redevelopment might weigh on '13 growth. Would you say you've navigated through that better than expected, or should we expect some of that to rear its head in the second half of the year?
David E. Simon: Well, I think our comps -- I have been very, very pleased, and it's above our own internal budgets on our comp, our comp NOI growth. So it's -- we've -- the team, the folks, the leasing, the management folks have done a fantastic job year-to-date and beaten my own internal expectations. So they've done a great job.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I mean, so looking ahead to the second half of the year, I mean you do have some pretty easy comps from last year. Is there anything out there in the redevelopment that should make us think that you would not continue what you've been doing here in the second -- in the first half?
David E. Simon: Well again, redevelopment, we exclude. So it's really -- it's not -- that's not a net number. So let's put that aside. I mean look, there are unknowns in the business environment, right? Sales. I hate blaming the weather, I will never blame the weather. Even if we miss one quarter because of the weather, you will not hear the weather excuse here.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Will you take credit for it though?
David E. Simon: We won't take credit. We will not blame an early Easter, a late Easter, early Halloween or a late Halloween. But there are lots of things, Nate, out of our control: tenant bankruptcies, lousy sales, lousy weather, whatever, international politics, U.S. politics, whatever changes the consumer mindset. So I mean we're still in an uncertain environment, that's why we try to be very cautious in how we look at things. And I've been, as I said to you, I wish I could give you a number, I won't. You know we don't. But I've been very, very happy with the way the teams executed operationally. They've done a great job thus far.
Operator: And your next question comes from Vincent Chao, Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to clarify, just on the McArthurGlen deal. I know you're going to provide more details when it finally closes. In terms of the guidance update though, I mean is there anything baked in for accretion for McArthurGlen and also, any transaction costs baked in?
David E. Simon: No, not at all, not -- it's not in our numbers. Correct.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then, just going back to the interest rate commentary. I mean, appreciate the color on not wanting to pre-pay some of the mortgages. But just curious if you're thinking about pre-funding some of the unsecured debt that's coming due, given where rates are today, how they've backed up in light of your rating increase or improvement there?
David E. Simon: Yes, that's a distinct possibility as we look out in the third and fourth quarter. That -- I would -- Steve, can add to this. But I -- we always are trying -- we always get ahead of that schedule. So it wouldn't surprise -- it shouldn't surprise you if we do that some time this year.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes, I mean bonds are like mortgages in that there is the equivalent of a yield maintenance. There's a make-whole. So to some extent, you are trading dollars. But having said that, much like we did in December of '12, we went to the bond market to pre-fund, if you will, our '13 maturities because we knew what they were. If you look at our debt maturities schedule, we've got about $900 million of bonds coming due in 2014. So as David mentioned, we do look at the market. We monitor the market. One of the great things about the bond market is that you can go relatively quickly. And so we do have that option to pre-fund that at some point in time.
Operator: And your next question comes from Michael Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones on McArthurGlen, sorry about this. But the EUR 435 million was an equity investment. Can you let us know what the associated debt is that goes along with that?
David E. Simon: We will outline all of that when we're closed on the transaction. But the leverage on -- there's nothing extraordinary about the leverage amount on these assets. So -- but we'll lay it all out with all the facts once all of the elements get closed.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Do you think that's Q3, or is that Q4?
David E. Simon: Let's see. When Q3 -- I would think that it should be completed by the end of this quarter.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, last question. What was the trigger to sell the Laguna Hills Mall?
David E. Simon: It's very interesting. We had a redevelopment plan -- even after that redevelopment plan, given all of the -- what the assets are -- if you've been to Laguna and you know kind of the -- what we owned in Orange County, what the spectrum does and what the spectrum is, our Mission Viejo and Brea Mall. Even with the redevelopment, even though it's well located, it was never going to be a really good core asset like Brea or Mission or Orange, the outlets in Orange. So we said, "You know what, we can reinvest -- we can take that capital and reinvest it in what we think will be a core opportunity at the end of the day. " And it was really that kind of thinking.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Yang of Evercore.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: David, you mentioned having no additional purchase options with Craig Realty. But I do recall you did have some prior agreements with Prime when you ended up buying Livermore and Grand Prairie. So maybe based on your comments, is it fair to assume that you have no prior agreement, option or other with any private outlet owners at this time?
David E. Simon: Well, I'm just trying to think. Don't put me on the spot like that. I can't remember everything. We will do -- we are about to do another deal with Prime that actually will probably sign up this week. So -- and they've announced -- it's no secret. I mean it's in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area, which we think is going to be a terrific investment for us. And -- so you're putting me on the spot, I mean -- but we've got a couple of other opportunities. So I just want to be careful how you characterize that. But there's other stuff that we're working on that we'll have options to get in on. So I shouldn't unilaterally say, "Yes, you're right." I think there are other stuff out there.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: All right, sorry for putting you on the spot. But maybe for that deal with Prime in Minneapolis, I mean, can you talk about the pricing and the cap rate on that potential deal? And are you going to buy up the entire center outright at this point?
David E. Simon: In that case, there's no option to buy it, frankly. But it's -- we're development partners. So that's -- we're just going in on the development side. So the returns are consistent with kind of what we've developed over the years in the outlet business.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. But you are going to be an owner of that project, right?
David E. Simon: Correct, correct.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And I'm just curious. Why is the expansion at Woodbury Premium Outlet so expensive, given the relatively modest expansion of physical space there? Is there anything unusual going on with that, that would lead to that $170 million investment than you're thinking?
David E. Simon: Well, we're upgrade -- first of all, parking is really expensive because we have to deck the parking to create the additional space. We have a tight site to start with, and we've got a lot of infrastructure work in terms of the parking. A lot of -- we're redoing all of the ingress, egress, all the roads around it. And then, I mean as much as we love the center, it is long in the tooth. So we're also bringing it, keeping it consistently, with consistent theming, but it does need to be renovated. But at the end of the day, even with that said, so you have the parking, you've got all the road work, it's going to make it better for the consumer to get in and out of. We're renovating the mall. We've got some demolishing -- a couple of buildings. You put it all together. New York ain't cheap. It's not like building in the Midwest, you put it all together. I had the same reaction, frankly, but I still like the returns. And it's -- it is the world's best outlet center. So if we're going to spend money anywhere, it ought to be in the world's best outlet center. And so you put it all together, it's a good return. And it is what it is. We're actually very excited; it's progressing. We actually -- originally, were going to do over a 3-year period. I told the guys to go back, figure out how to get it done in '15. And they've come up with a plan. So we're going to -- this thing is going to be hot and heavy for 1.5 years. But I think afterwards, it will reinforce its position as the world's best outlet center. So we're -- we couldn't be more excited about a project than that one.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. But a lot of nonincome-producing work that you're doing there. So a good return to you, but below the 12% that you're getting on some of the other redevelopments in the outlet space?
David E. Simon: Correct, correct, correct.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And then just a final one. I know it's a small potential investment. But can you maybe comment on your intentions that, that land at Oyster Bay that you're trying to buy with some of your partners?
David E. Simon: Nothing really to say other than to the extent it moves forward, us and our partners will look at it and come up with a plan that's got -- that's subject to zoning. And we would expect to come up with a responsible development plan, but it's all going to be something that's going to be subject to getting zoning approvals. But we hope to benefit the community there and work with the community there to come up with the appropriate plan. But it's going to be driven, not just by us, but our 2 highly regarded partners.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Is the goal to build a regional mall at that site longer term?
David E. Simon: No. No, no, I don't see that at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Back -- way back to the recovery ratio questions, Steve. The JV recovery ratio is up pretty extensively in the first and second quarter of this year. Is that going to continue at that kind of rate, you think? I mean are we level at 2Q for a recovery ratio in the joint venture platform?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, Rich, it's just, I mean, ultimately, it's math. It's a function of where the expenses go relative to the contractual increases that we have built into our leases. Give me your view on where you think inflation is headed and where costs are headed. So far, over a period of several years now, we've been having expenses grow at a slower rate than the escalators in the leases. So it's been additive to the comp NOI growth. In any event, Rich, I would say that the pace of the additiveness will probably slow down.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, good. That's fair. Then the -- you commented, David, on the, on what's going on in Brazil as far as outlet centers go. What do you think for North America, in terms of how many you can build annually or some number that addresses that sort of concept over the next 5 years?
David E. Simon: Well, I can't put a number on them. I mean there's a big pipeline out there. We're going to do a handful, lots of other guys are involved and trying to do a number of them, and we'll see. I mean I -- not clear to me that they'll all get built, but obviously, it's the flavor of the month. There's any center that's out there that is not meeting its performance expectations, turns into an outlet center. They're all harder to do than what people think, but there's a lot of, obviously, very capable, confident developers out there trying to build outlets. The important thing is, what we build is good. And I can't worry about what others build. I can only worry about what we build. And it's every intention, on our front, to only build what we can lease and generate a positive return on. And thankfully, Rick, we haven't really screwed up yet in the new development side. So hopefully, that will continue.
Richard S. Sokolov: And the only thing that I would emphasize, and David touched on it earlier, is that in addition to new developments, these expansions that we're doing are at some of the best outlet centers in the world, and they're not small. Desert Hills is 147,000 feet. Las Vegas North is 147,000 feet. Seattle was 90,000 feet. These are big substantial expansions that were bringing great retailers, making some of the best in the world even better. And that shouldn't be lost sight of.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. While you're on that, Rick, I have a question for you on Desert Hills. I just was in the area and saw that one. And it's always been a great center. And I'm curious, I didn't quite get exactly what you're doing there. It looks like you might be building a golf course in the middle or something?
David E. Simon: Even though Steve wanted us to...
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I thought it was finally time to have a golf course at an outlet center.
Richard S. Sokolov: What's going on now is -- there's really 3 things going on simultaneously. We are, as David alluded to at Woodbury, we're building a parking deck behind the existing larger section of Desert Hills, plus we've already built additional great parking behind the smaller section. And now what you're seeing in the interior of the larger section is the actual development of the retail space that's basically going to be an inner ring. So we're going to maintain our race track layout, but it now instead of being single-sided with parking in the middle, it's going to be double-sided with parking in the decks.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I got you. So how many retailers do you have there, do you think?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, we're adding 147,000 feet. And frankly, one of the things we've been able to do to drive our NOI is to try and be a lot more disciplined on the size of the retailers and maximizing our revenues by trying to fit as many new retail concepts into the space as possible. So I would hope that it would be several dozen, but it remains to be seen because people want as large a store as they can get there.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, good. I got you. And last thing, guys, do you have any updated thoughts on JCPenney and how they're doing, I guess, over the past quarter?
Richard S. Sokolov: The only thing that I would comment on is that we're obviously in the stores. The stores look good. We know as much about their sales as you do. I will tell you that through our channel check, the debt's trading at par. I think this is just a matter of giving the management team time to position it where they want to position it. It's still a formidable retailer with considerable gross sales, and we certainly hope they can recapture market share and resume a growth profile.
Operator: And your next question comes from Tayo Okusanya of Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Two quick ones with Steve. First, Steve, the reversal of the provision for credit losses. I'm just wondering how much of that is a signal to the Street, about how confident Simon is feeling about tenant credit?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, Tayo, it's not really a reversal of a provision. It's just the fact that there were some receivables that we had reserved for, and in essence, written off, that in fact, were subsequently collected. But I will say this. As we look at our credit profile of our tenants and as we look at our receivables every month that we do, number of outstanding receivables, number of tenants on the watch list is pretty muted right now. And I would say the overall health of the retailers is pretty, pretty strong right now.
David E. Simon: Yes, other than I just -- there are a few out there that -- and don't ask me to name names because I won't. But there are a few out there that still have some clouds around them, so we are -- we're focused on 2 or 3 out there that are relatively decent sized for the mall business that we'll have to just monitor how they ultimately turn their business around.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, just the JV income, Steve. First quarter, that number was about $54 million. But I think you mentioned that number was on the high side because of some mark-to-market on the Klpierre leases. But in 2Q, the number comes in at $56.5 million. I'm just kind of wondering, from a run rate perspective, what makes sense for us to be modeling?
Stephen E. Sterrett: I would say, Tayo, the run rate is probably more in line with what we saw in the first quarter, backing out that onetime trend [ph], onetime thing we talked about. So it's in the high 40s to about $50 million a quarter, I think.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So what happened this quarter again to make it still elevated?
Stephen E. Sterrett: There was a gain, a small gain, that flowed through related to Klpierre's sale of their home office headquarter building.
Operator: Sir, we have no further question at this time. So I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Simon for closing remarks.
David E. Simon: Thank you very much. Have a great rest of the summer. See you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelly J. Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David E. Simon - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Stephen E. Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Josh Patinkin Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2013 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dominique, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Shelly J. Doran: Good morning, and welcome to Simon Property Group's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. You may refer to our SEC filings for a detailed discussion of forward looking statements. Please note that today's call includes time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of today's date, April 26, 2013. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the earnings release or the company's supplemental information package that was included in this morning's Form 8-K filing. This supplemental is available on the Simon website in the Investors section. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David E. Simon: Good morning. Our results for the quarter were strong. FFO was $2.05 per share, up 12.6% from the first quarter of 2012. Our FFO exceeded the first call consensus at quarter end by $0.05 per share. For our Malls and Premium Outlets, comparable property NOI growth was 4.8% and that was off a 5.7% increase in Q1 of 2012. Tenant sales were up 5.3% to $575 per square foot. Occupancy, up 110 basis points to 94.7%. Base minimum rent per square foot was 3% higher and our re-leasing spread was a positive 13.4% or $7 per square foot. We were very active in the debt markets during the quarter closing our locking rates on 13 new loans, totaling approximately $2 billion, of which our share was $1.3 billion, the average rate was 2.92%, and a weighted average term of a little over 8 years. Let me turn to the all important development activity. First of all, we opened the Phoenix Premium Outlet Centers in Chandler, Arizona on April 4. This center is 100% leased, open with an impressive collection of stores. I will not name them, Rick will if you're interested. Several high profile stores will be opening in the coming weeks, and the good news is the shopper response has been very strong and many merchants reporting as one of their best outlet openings in the last couple of years. Shisui Premium Outlets opened on April 19. This our ninth center in Japan. It's located 15 minutes from Narita International Airport, serving Greater Tokyo. The center opened with large crowds and 70 media outlets opening, and we expect this to be a terrific center serving the area of visitors to Tokyo, given the proximity of the airport. Significant redevelopment projects were completed during the quarter; Apple Blossom Mall, Quaker Bridge Mall and South Hills Village. Several significant projects are on track for completion in 2013, including expansions in Sawgrass Mills, Dadeland Mall, Seattle Premium Outlets, Orlando Premium Outlets at Vineland, Walt Whitman Shops, and the and the re-grand opening of the shops at The Shops at Nanuet and the University Town Plaza in Pensacola. Redevelopment expansion projects including the addition of acres and big bucks tenants are underway at 44 properties in the U.S., 2 in Asia. Our share of this cost is approximately $1 billion and the blended estimated rate of return is approximately 11%. We have 3 Premium Outlet Centers under construction, opening in the third quarter of this year. St. Louis Premium Outlets in Chesterfield, Missouri, opening in August 1, which is 96% leased. Toronto Premium Outlets in Ontario, Canada, opening August 22, which is 85% currently leased. Busan Premium Outlets in Korea, opening in late August. As we highlight in the press release, demand for space in all of these centers has been exceptional and we expect to be fully leased at opening. We also have at least 8 additional new Premium Outlet projects in North America in various stages of predevelopment. Klpierre reported its first quarter revenues this week. You can read about them, so I'll be brief other than to say that rents were up for the quarter a total of 3.4% reaffirmed 2013 guidance. We've now owned our stake for 13 months. Progress has been made in several aspects of the business. They have sold EUR 760 million of assets. They have simplified their business with the elimination of the [indiscernible] sub-brand, as well as the ongoing sale of the office portfolio. Their focus on operations, we've added a new CEO. They're generating additional Simon brand venture-type revenues, as recently evidenced by the Coca-Cola partnership. They strengthened their balance sheet through recent financing activities and they've opened 2 great malls in St. Lazare, Paris and Emporia in Malm, Sweden. And I think if anyone has had the opportunity to visit it, visit those centers, you'll see that the company has clearly the capability to build first-class 21st century retail. Today, we announced the dividend of $1.15 per share for the quarter. Over the past 6 quarters, we have increased the common stock dividend each quarter as we've been playing catch up to our taxable income. Our growth rate in our dividend has been over 31% over the last 2 years. Importantly, we anticipate, subject to review and Board approval, increasing our dividend as we anticipate our taxable income continuing to grow. Guidance. Today we increased the top and the bottom line of our 2013 FFO guidance to a current range of $8.50 to $8.60 per share. This is an increase from $0.10 from the initial guidance in February of $8.40 to $8.50 per share. Strong operating performance is the driver of this increase. Occupancy. Reasonable Mall and Premium occupancy cost of 11.3% and strong rent spreads give us good momentum. Finally, '13 is off to a good start, and we're ready to answer any of your questions that you'd like to post.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Jeffrey Spector of Bank of America
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's Craig Schmidt here. It sounds like you've made real progress on your dispositions at Klpierre. Maybe you could give some more color on what's left to do, as well as maybe some of your refurbishes that you've done in the portfolio, and any successes you've had in bringing new retailers to your Klpierre portfolio?
David E. Simon: Well, first of all, they will continue to sell non-core assets as well as the office portfolio. So they've got a couple of the office deals that are close to being signed up, including their headquarters. And they'll continue to sell kind of the smaller non-core assets, which frankly are very stable, solid centers, but they don't have the extension capabilities that we're interested in pursuing. And they've done a great -- a number of extensions like Plessui [ph] in Paris. On the east side of Paris, near the airport that I think represents the ability to take a smaller center and expand it. And on the retail front, we're continuing to solidify that. The operational side of the business is the true upside, the coordination among retail, what we do at Simon-brand ventures. How we operate the centers is the next chapter in the story. Obviously that takes some time. We've had to add to the personnel ranks, we had to set the strategy and we're pleased with what's going on there, and I think there'll be more to come.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And are you surprised that -- are you surprised that your ability to push rents, given the general difficulty in Europe?
David E. Simon: Look, I don't run this day-to-day. There -- some of these questions are better asked for them. We are not the ones pushing the rents. We're providing strategic advice and helping them focus on what is important in their business and also, showing them how we run our business so they can run their business. I'm not surprised that a number of those countries have stability in cash flow in tough economic times. I think what you've seen here in the U.S. is that the same thing happened here for us in very tough economic times. And the one area that -- where they're having the most difficulty is in Spain. And that is a focus for the company, but that continues to be something that is affecting the cash flow to some extent is because Spain continues to be under pressure for basically all retail real estate owners that have real estate in Spain.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. I was impressed with your 96% lease in St. Louis. Do you know how much will open in August?
David E. Simon: We should be in the 90s. There's always a few laggers, but that's a real number and we should be in the 90s. I mean, even though we'd love to open every center at 100% leased and operate it, sometimes it does take time. Phoenix is a great example. We're at 100% leased. We were in the kind of the low 90s to be at opening, but in the last couple of months, we'll be 100% occupied. Same thing will happen in St. Louis. There may be a couple of slow people, but we are 96% leased.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy of UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Follow up on Craig's question about the outlets. Can you disclose the expected yields at Chandler and St. Louis for 2013 and maybe discuss some pre-leasing progress at Columbus and Charlotte?
David E. Simon: Well, look, our yields in the outlet business continue to be attractive. These will be double-digit yields unquestionably, and Chandler will be probably north of 10%, St. Louis will at or about 10%. And in addition, as you may probably know, we're looking at Phase 2 now and, obviously, as we bring that online in St. Louis, we will -- the yields will go up. But they're both north of 10%. They are both north of 10%. Now on your question on Columbus, let me just say this, Columbus is a very competitive market. There's a lot of folks that have competing real estate there and sites. So we'll see, we may or may not be the victor in that competition, but we're working to continue to try and move that forward. Charlotte is basically a go deal. So with us in Tanger, we expect to start construction in the next 2 months. We're very excited about that project. I'm not going to tell you what the yield is because I don't know what Tanger does, but it will be very, very good. The retailers are very happy that we have put together our joint venture. They -- we very excited about going in and it's got to be at least over 50%, 60% pre-leased. Not that we really need it because the one thing that we know is we have 80 Premium Outlets in the world, I think. So we don't, Christy, we don't really need to pre-lease like some others that might, because we kind of know whether or not we can lease it. But Charlotte's go, starting construction here shortly and we're racing to do a '14 opening.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then I know that you continue to do quite a bit of anchor in big-box repositioning. Can you talk a little bit about what the retailer demand is like today for Mall anchor space? How you think about getting that space back from a re-tenanting perspective. And are sale leasebacks of anchor space something that you would consider if a major tenant came to you looking to raise capital?
Richard S. Sokolov: Christy, it's Rick Sokolov. The demand is as good as it has ever been, and I think that, that can be referenced by the number of spaces we have available. In our mall portfolio, we literally have 635 department stores and 1% of them, 6 or 7, are vacant. And that's the lowest it has been in as long as I can remember. We actively deal with every one of our malls to keep a running list of the people that have demand to get in there, and we are in a constant dialogue with our anchors that we've identified that we have the potential of getting back to try and make them better. And if you look over the years, I think we've added almost 175 boxes and anchors over the last 4 years in the portfolio. So we've been very active and it's making them a lot better. I do not believe we would really be interested in entertaining sale leasebacks.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And are you able to of quantify maybe a range of what you might pay for vacant anchor box space for the Class A mall versus the Class B mall?
David E. Simon: Well, each deal is very, very -- depends on a lots of individual characteristics of each deal. It's not really something that you can generalize about.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Ross Nussbaum. One final question. The 4.8% same-store NOI growth you've generated this quarter, if I think about that relative to the occupancy gains you had and the re-leasing spreads over the last year, it kind of feels like there's something else that's helping that number. Is there a piece there that I'm not thinking about?
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, partly is good sales growth, partly is that we're very focused on operating to the best of our ability. I would point out, last quarter, Q1 '12, we had 5.7% comp increase. So that 4.8% on top of 5.7% is just running the company as well as we can. But we're never satisfied. We're always trying to improve, and that's what we're all about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan of Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: On your re-leasing stats, the opening number went from $53 to $55 [ph] , and I guess it's a 12-month trailing average. And so, I mean how much of your -- is there a disproportionate share opening in the first quarter because I'm trying to see the kind of forecast that number out it was a big jump given that is a rolling average?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Paul, this is Steve. Some of it is mix. In the mall business especially, there are more leases that are tied to traditional retailer's fiscal year end, which is January 31. And in fact, if you look at the supplemental, as I recall, the remaining square footage that we have expiring in '13 is in the 3 million to 4 million square foot range, where over a normal year like 2014, 2015, it's 8 to 9 million square feet. So we have dealt with a lot of the -- especially regional mall expirations that occurred January 31.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That makes sense. And then, I mean, can you maybe just characterize -- I mean, you provide a lot of -- you list all your redevelopment projects and it looks like there's like 37 in there and you have about $700 million it listed in that stock [ph] , which is -- I mean it's only about $20 million per project, but it looks like there's some that are kind adding new space and it should represent, I guess, a more sizable chunk of that. And I'm trying to see -- should we see -- should we expect to see more expansions of malls, given the demand and given your spreads and resulting in some lumpier projects that pull that number up? Are there lumpy projects in there that represent a big share of that $700 million?
David E. Simon: The lumpy projects are basically, hopefully ready to start shortly. And I'm not going to list -- I'm just from recall. I mean, the lumpy ones, you'll start to see later on this year and in '14, I they include as Roosevelt Field of Copley, the Lambeau, and Woodbury, King of Prussia, to name -- Houston Galleria, to name 4, 5 or 6 lumpy, bigger, bigger, chunkier ones. You're right. A lot of what we have now is, they run the -- they run the $20 million, $30 million, $40 million, but you have something like Nanuet, which is $150 million project and Walt Whitman is around $80 million. So you got a little -- you got it all over the Board. But the lumpier, bigger ones, we are essentially in our first phase of the Lambeau. We will begin our first phase of Roosevelt Field here in the fall. Stanford, Rick whispered to me, thank you, we're finalizing everything there to as many of you know to relocate Bloomingdale's, build them a new store and then we take over their existing Bloomingdale's store and carve it up for small shops. So the bigger, lumpier ones really are, hopefully, beginning to start second half of '13, and '14 will be a huge year for us, '15 as well, as these bigger, lumpier ones come onstream.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Paul, it's Steve. I would just add one thing to that. Because it gets lost in the sauce sometimes but between -- David mentioned Woodbury, but he didn't mention Desert Hills, Orlando Premium, Las Vegas North, those are 4 Premium Outlets that's all to north of $1,000 of food and sales where we are adding significant amount of space. And so we're -- those are projects that will come on in the next year or 2 as well.
David E. Simon: And as Steve said, those are, on average, are about $100 million a pop.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. So I mean, that number could, well it should really double, probably, in a year from now.
David E. Simon: It's going to balloon, and I think what we have said and what we've said and we'll say again is that this is our #1 priority. This is the huge focus for the company. This is where we'll spend most of our time. And the good news is we recognized this that the world was not going to end a little bit ahead of others. So we're in the midst of doing this now. Woodbury is going to start. Right after this, most people, after their first quarter, our earnings take the afternoon off, right after this, Rick and I are going to spend 2 hours on the final approval of Woodbury. It's $168 million deal, and it's going to really, really be cool and it's really going to start and we really got the approvals and blah, blah, blah, blah. And then in the afternoon, we do take a lunch break. Rick demands to go out to lunch. I like to eat at my desk. It's a source of much conflict in the organization, but right after that, we're approving, I don't know, 20-some odd different mall deals. So #1 priority, we're glad we're in the midst of this now and a lot of good stuff to come.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Would you think those blended stabilized returns are going to be around? I mean, you've got 9 -- you've got 14% for the Premium Outlets in there. Is that going to change much?
David E. Simon: Yes. Look, I think they'll all be very, very accretive to our company. I don't -- soon as the project gets approved and we put it in there, you'll see the return.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cedrik Lachance of Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: David, we knew that [indiscernible continues to grow in your portfolio and we're passed some previous peak. What do you think is stabilized occupancy?
David E. Simon: Well, actually, I've been very impressed with our leasing team that they've been able to achieve these occupancy levels. So I think the focus now is, it's always good to, on the margin, to continually increase occupancy. But, Cedrik, I do believe that the focus now will be making sure that the mix is the best that it can be. But I have actually been very pleased and impressed with our leasing team in the amount of their ability to drive occupancy. I don't tell them because then they'll, then they'll take the afternoon off, where Rick and I won't, but now, seriously, I've been very pleased with the results that they've been able to produce.
Richard S. Sokolov: And Cendrik, the only thing I would add is that the number that I'm thinking about is higher than I would have told you perhaps a year ago, because what has emerged in our sector now is you have a number, very high fashion, highly productive tenants like ZARA, H&M, UNIQLO, Topshop that are demanding bigger spaces. And because they are all bigger space, that's going to create incremental demand for our space that could enable us to perhaps drive the percentage higher than what otherwise be the case absent that demand.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So as you look at your ability to change the mix, what can it do for your ability to push rents in the centers?
David E. Simon: Well, look, it's relatively straightforward. The better the tenant does in terms of sales per square foot, the greater they have the ability to pay rent. And it's really that simple. So as we do that, we're hopeful that rent will follow or be part of that initial equation.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: And turning maybe to densification. You've got -- you're talking about Copley earlier. It seems that you could add non-retail users depending on the city. How many malls do you own where you think you could add non-retail users and densify the site?
Richard S. Sokolov: Cedrik, it's Rick. Right now, we're working on adding hotels at 5 different projects, and we're working on adding multifamily at 4 additional ones. We're under construction with a multifamily project at Firewheel in Garland, Texas, so we still think there is very good demand for it. What we have found is that when we add these hotels and multifamily or condo components in our projects, they are yielding the higher room rates for hotels and monthly rentals from multifamily because people very much enjoy the mixed aspects of the community. So we think we bring an incremental value to those components and we're going to continue to pursue them.
David E. Simon: I just roughly put Copley aside because that's the big one. But there are at least 12 to 15 in each area that are of immediate focus. That doesn't mean it's limited to those, say, 24 to 30, but there is a list of those 12 or so in each category being hotel or and/or multifamily that we're very focused on. In fact, we're going to prove this afternoon in Southdale more than likely. I'm still struggling with the returns because our returns are higher than the multifamily guys gets. But -- so I'm still trying, I'm still struggling with some of those deals. But I do think there is a pipeline to the advantage of that, and it's good for the real estate generally.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: And just final question, in your Annual Shareholder letter, you talked about continuing to lead the industry and promoting the malls and marketing medium. How much more can you do? How much more income can you generate from that aspect of the business?
David E. Simon: Well, I think it's also just more than income in that. I could be wrong here, but I do think, I do think we're on the verge of a technology backlash. And our focus is creating a mall environment where people -- we had a meeting on this -- kind of a brainstorming meeting on this Monday, and something was said that was very clever, is that people today are looking down, they're not looking up. And what happens in the mall environment is we do give them the opportunity to look up and around and not just down. Down meaning at your mobile device and everything else. So I do think the mall has a unique ability to be part of that, maybe, next wave of trying to create social responsibility, community relations, community feel, and part of a process where we actually look up as opposed to look down. So it's a big focus for our company. The revenue side, obviously, we love cash flow, so we're cash flow junkies, so we're going to look to that too. But there's a unique ability for us to really kind of create community in our properties beyond that. And I think that's a huge mission for us to try and achieve. It's a long-term prospect, lots of ideas there, very hard to sort out exactly how we will execute it. But -- and the good news is, just to segue into the e-commerce, I mean, you're seeing more and more pure e-commerce companies opening stores because they know that people frankly want to look up, they don't always want to look down. So a great example is this Warby Parker, this eyeglass thing that was kind of the new hot dotcom thing and they're opening physical stores. Now whether they go to the malls or not, I'm not -- who knows? But the fact of the matter is, I think they recognized that people want to touch, feel, look up. So our mission is to get people to look up, not look down.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley of Citigroup.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's been a while since you combined the operating statistics of the mall and the outlet business together. Can you maybe talk a little bit about how it's just performing, some of the similarities and differences? And then as we look at the 79.6% of your NOI that comes from Malls and Premium Outlets, could you sort of give us a rough sense as to what the percentage is coming from outlets versus malls?
David E. Simon: Sure. I'll just say this. Steve can answer the second one. In the real estate recession, or I should say, not the real estate recession, because frankly, having lived through '90 to '93, this was child's play. But if you look at the general economy, our outlets clearly outperformed the malls during that '09, '10, and '11 period. And now I will say, Quentin, generally, in terms of sales growth and comp growth, they're relatively close. The outlets are still marginally better, but the difference between those 2 has narrowed considerably. Now with respect to the breakout, do you...
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes. Quentin, if you actually -- in our year end [indiscernible] , that's posted on the website, we do break it out for you and I don't have it in front of me. But as I recall, the malls are 55% and I think the outlets are 25% because when you put the outlets and the mills together, essentially about 1/3 of our NOI comes from the value side of the business.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just in terms of the ongoing success that you're having with Klpierre in terms of improving operations and capital and asset sales and so forth having an influence, are you spending a lot of time looking at a similar style of public company investment where you take a similar amount of minority stake and gets some Board representation? Is that something that's increasingly attractive to you, given the success of Klpierre?
David E. Simon: We have a thought about it from time to time. It's not a big focus for us. But it could lend itself to a situation here or there. But Klpierre was -- the reason we made the investment the way we did was for all sorts of reason, including risk management. So really, it would depend on the circumstances. It's not something that we're out looking to do, but in the right kind of context, it's conceivable.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: David, it's Michael Bilerman speaking. It sounds like if you're really a cash flow junkie, you should put advertising in the floors, that way you can get more money when people are looking down.
David E. Simon: We tried that. We've done that. We did "buy a footprint", but it didn't go over well. It was great for the kids. Then when I saw the adults using it, I thought it was a little tacky.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Thinking about Klpierre, I guess we've elapsed the 6th status for them to effectively go private. So how should we think about your stake and how you want to evolve over time, whether you want this to be stub [ph] outstanding, whether you want to bring it in-house, whether you want to bring a joint venture partner in. How should we think about how that evolves now that the, at least the REIT issue, the French REIT issue is elapsing?
David E. Simon: Well, Michael, I would love to answer that question, but I respectfully won't. We are pleased with the investment. We're making good strides. We need to make more strides. And I said the big problem with the company today is somewhat out of their control, not just dealing with the Spanish economy. But we're pleased, but I really, as much as I'd like to talk about that kind of stuff, I really can't. It is a public company. I've got to respect that situation. So we're pleased we are making very good strides. And I would say operationally, things do take longer there than they would than they would, say, here. But we've been pleased with kind of the blocking and tackling that the company is undertaking now, they still need to do a lot more, though we've been pleased with the progress they've made to date.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just going back to the rental spreads on Page 19 of your sup, and, Steve, you answered that the count, the retailer calendar year end, the January 31. But, I guess, I'm still having a hard time. March 31, '12, it's $7 million trailing at $54, $49 expiring and now you're 3/31/3 [ph] 7.4 million square feet of $59 versus $52, and even 12/31/12, 8 million square feet of $53, $48, it just seems like there's -- that the opening/closing arch is much, much higher this quarter. Whatever happened in the first quarter of 2013 was dramatically higher rents than at any point over trailing '12 [ph] any other quarter.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Michael, that's true, but if we also look, they were dramatically higher closing rents as well. So some of it is clearly mixed-driven. Some of it is clearly the fact that over the years, our portfolio continues to get better. And so the rents that we were able to do leases at 3 years ago, 5 years ago, 8 years ago were better, and those are all now rolling off. So -- but mix is clearly an issue, or component of it.
David E. Simon: And I would just point out that we have in our portfolio, U.S. portfolio, not including the Mills, or actually it does include the Mills, we have 121 properties that do over $700 a foot. So...
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: 121?
Stephen E. Sterrett: That average $700 a foot in sales.
David E. Simon: 121. So and as a Steve said, Rick said, we're really trying to make those properties better and better in all sorts of different ways. So that's going to lead to more rent growth. But again, I would not overreact to one really good-looking statistic in one particular quarter. Just like I would ask for forgiveness to the extent that one quarter, we have a statistic that looks bad. I'm sure part of it is mix, we can drill down to it a little bit more, but demand is good and we got a reasonably good portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: And just going, I guess, sort of back to Christy's question on department stores and just thinking about JCPenney in particular, especially if they brought in AlixPartners. Your sense of -- as you guys obviously speak to them, other department stores, how much do you think the massive Ala Moana trade has worked department store managements in thinking what their boxes are worth or do you think most people are pretty realistic in what they think their real estate is worth?
David E. Simon: Look, I can't speculate what Ala Moana, how that has affected the judgment of department store or retail CEOs. I would point out though since Ala Moana, there just hasn't been a lot of box trades and you can come to your own conclusion as to why maybe because they don't want to sell or maybe there's a spread between the bid and the ask. I don't know. But I can't speculate on how they think about that at all, Alex.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then going to Klpierre, while I know that you don't want to comment directly on their operations, can you just give us a sense as you guys think about the growth and what Simon can bring to their platform, this split between improving NOI versus bringing in the Simon brand venture type revenue stream and increasing that ancillary income. How would you think about the growth? Is more of it just going to come from NOI or is there a big opportunity, you think, to really improve the ancillary income that, that could be a meaningful contributor?
David E. Simon: Well, again, I'm not going to quantify that. It's not something I can do. Look, I think the important thing to put in perspective there, Alex, is that we don't run the company. We own a stake, we're pleased with the stake, we can show them how we run it and then they need to apply it. And we brought in, the company has brought in some talented people to learn from what we do, assuming we do what we do reasonably well. I mean, I'm not telling you we do what we do is great, because I always think it can get better. But assuming we do what we do reasonably well, we can show them how we do it and how we think about the business, but they've got to do that. They're the ones that need to do it. And it's not easy to do when the economy there is sputtering along and in some cases, still contracting, i.e., Spain. But they get what we're doing, they want to run the company better, they are running the company better. And I think as kind of I said in my letter, I do think there's growth there as soon as the economy of Europe generally stabilizes and I do think the economy of Europe will stabilize. It's not going to -- despite my personal view of it, it's not going to what continue to contract as it has over the last year or 2. So, I mean -- so it was a long winded answer, but I'm not going to speculate exactly how much NOI growth there is, but I do think there's improvement in how they run the business and I think they would agree, I think, that's their big focus in the upcoming years.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then just finally for Steve -- and thank you for new supplemental. On Page 23 in the CapEx and development page, there's an item called conversion from accrual to cash basis. And if you don't have this off hand, we can discuss offline. But just curious what that is.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, it's simple, Alex. We give you a CapEx number but there are CapEx numbers where we have accrued obligations like we got a construction build, but we haven't paid it yet. Okay. And all we're doing is giving you both the accrual number and the cash number because some people look at it and want the accrual number, some want the cash number.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, that make sense.
David E. Simon: Sure. And, by the way, that's been in there for a long time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Harris of Imperial Capital.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Listen, there's a question, David. See if you feel -- how comfortable you feel answering this. Any thoughts as to what Simon might look like if we were to lose the tax break?
David E. Simon: I don't worry about that at all, David. I just -- REITs have been around for 60 years, it's not going to happen. I just can't imagine it's going to happen. As you know, it's revenue-neutral. If, in fact, there was some change, I think the -- I think most politicians understand the importance commercial real estate has in stabilizing the general economy. The last thing in the world they would want to do is create some kind of economic uncertainty. They've seen the fact that the downturn and what commercial real estate, how it handled itself in the amount of liquidity that reached -- brought to the table to stabilize pricing, and that create kind of what happened in the early '90s. And as I said, I have lived through that, as has Rick.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Me, too.
David E. Simon: You, too. Some others. It's not going to happen. But, by the way, if it did, we would, we would be best positioned to take advantage of it. Because, as you know, our cash flow is significantly above our dividend payment. And look, I have always fantasized, I probably shouldn't say this. So I always fantasized we pay out a $1.5 billion a year in dividends, $1.6 billion? What is the numbers now?
Stephen E. Sterrett: $1.6 billion.
David E. Simon: $1.6 billion. Imagine if I have that amount of capital through 2, 3, 4 years. So we would do some great stuff with it. But David, that's on a side, it's not going to happen. REITs have performed, they've been very important to the economy, they've been great for individual shareholders, they helped stabilized pricing. No way.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So no Plan B planning at this point?
David E. Simon: Well, we don't need to. But like I said, if the sun hits the moon and hits another galaxy, we will be better positioned than anybody else.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Well, tax breaks aren't granted in perpetuity. So I think the question is out there. A similar question actually related to Klpierre. I mean obviously, there's been a lot of talk about tax increases and public policy responses that may be somewhat more fluid in Europe today. Any notion at all that the tax status of the company like Klpierre is being questioned?
David E. Simon: Not at all.
David E. Simon: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Let me go back to the leasing spreads again, not to beat a dead horse here, but the 13%, so the 300-basis point pickup, when I first looked at that, what went into my mind was you're starting to roll some shorter term post-downturn leases and you're getting the benefit there. I guess what I'm trying to get at is, does it feel like this increase whether it's 200 basis points, 300 or whatever it is, is probably going to be sticky going forward or is it just purely an anomaly where Q2 rolls around and for some reason were back down to 10%?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Mike, it's Steve. Let me take a shot at it and Rick can weigh in or David. I think if you look at the -- we give you 5 quarters' worth of information, and the one thing you can see from the 5 quarters is that the spread has increased over each of the 5 quarters. The magnitude of the increase, this quarter was substantial relative to the trend that we had been seeing, but we had been going from the low 4s to the mid 4s to $5 a foot. So and, as I said, some of that is lumpy because of first quarter explorations, but the fact is, deal flow has been getting better, quality of deals has been getting better, occupancy cost has stayed relatively low. So as you want to think about it, as a mark-to-market or however you want to think about it, there is, there should be an upward bias. Is the upward bias from $5 to $7, I think that's hard to say. But the trend has been good.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, secondly, just curious about what are the thoughts on the pace of rolling out outlets in Brazil today compared to what you were thinking 6 months or a year ago?
David E. Simon: Let me answer it if I could. I think both. As you know, we've looked diligently in Brazil and diligently in China. Both markets for us have proven to be very, very difficult to find the right project with the right risk/reward ratio, and hence we have nothing -- I mean, we're still working with BR Malls. We're still hopeful that eventually, we'll be able to do something there. China is proved to be a market that I continue to really question whether or not anybody can make money investing there, especially us. And so I'm hopeful that over time, we'll find the right opportunity with BR in Brazil, but that's taken longer than we anticipated. And then China is really, really on the back burner. And I have no regrets about it being on the back burner.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deutsche Bank.
Unknown Analyst: I just wanted to go back to JCPenney real quick. Just, obviously given the transition at the top there, I'm just wondering if you could share your thoughts on that move itself. But then also, given their sort of return to more conditional marketing tactics that they've been known for. At the ground- level, have you seen any change in traffic levels and that kind of thing since the move?
David E. Simon: Well, let me just mention, we're pleased that Mike Ullman is back. I think he will -- he's obviously a very confident, seasoned, thoughtful CEO and leader. And given all the turmoil that Penny was going through, a perfect choice to help stabilize the company. And that we have great respect for him and his ability. And I would say, generally having walked a number of Penny stores with David Contis and Rick over the last -- not just the stores. So the stores are looking better. So I think they're heading on the right track. It's very hard for me to speculate exactly how it's all going to shakeout. But the bottom line is the organization needed some stability and thoughtfulness, and I think Mike's perfectly the right guy to provide that,
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And just want to go back to some comments you made about the department -- no, the anchor space I, think, 635, only 6 or 7 vacant, so some of the lowest vacancy you've ever seen there. But then you also kind of you say that -- I think I heard no interest in sale-leasebacks. Just curious, if you could comment on what kind of demand is out there for additional anchor space, obviously with the, vacancy low, that's good, but I mean, are you seeing much demand for anchor space? It just seem like more people are moving to the outlet channel in terms of the traditional anchors.
Richard S. Sokolov: This is Rick. There is a great deal of demand for the space, and if you look at the kind of tenants that we're adding to the properties, we're adding Wegmans, Fresh Market, Dick's, theaters, health clubs. There is a substantially broader number of categories of retailers that want to take advantage of all the traffic en masse that we are creating at these properties. So we have, again, more demand today than we have had historically from a broader collection and a variety of retailers than we've had in the past, and all that is helping drive, I think, the growth of our property and the lack of vacancy among our anchor boxes.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. Do you have enough data points at this point for some of these non-traditional anchor malls, as far as how the performance of those malls compares to historically the traditional setup our mix?
Richard S. Sokolov: I think that all of our anchor components are part of the mix that we have at the property. They are not going to be game changing, but they obviously want to be a property that are consistent with their growth and in some instances, merely a function of whether we can accommodate the physical configuration. Wegmans needs almost 4 acres of land for a single level building, well in a lot of instances, that can [ph] happen. So it's really less a function of that kind of a correlation, a more a function of can we continue to give our trade area shoppers more reasons to come to our properties, then that's what we're all about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Moore of RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: On the bankruptcy front in the lease termination front and that sort of side of the equation, it seems that things are pretty good. I guess, Rick, how would you characterize the outlook for lost tenants over the next 3 to 9 months?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, if you look historically, our bankruptcy numbers have been up a little in '13 just because of Bakers. But overall, the credit profile of our tenants has never been better. Our receivables, Steve can elaborate, has never been in better shape or bad debt is stable. So we're feeling good about the credit profile of our tenants and more importantly, their rent-paying ability, which continues to be pretty strong.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes, Rich, this is Steve. Just to put numbers on Rick's overall statement. I think at the end of the third quarter, we were chasing $42 million of receivables that had been built, but not yet been paid and that's on about a $7 billion annual base of revenue that we bill either on the consolidated or the JV property. So you're literally talking about less than 2 days worth of revenue. And the credit profile, as Rick said, is very strong right now.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I don't think my calculator decimals go out that far, Steve, so. Okay, good. And then on the outlets, I think didn't you guys do the development of Houston and Tangers doing Charlotte, and how do you split up Columbus? So, I guess, who's driving Columbus is what I'm curious.
David E. Simon: It's -- in Charlotte, we've actually switched the roles that we had in Texas. And in Texas, we were the developer and we jointly leased and they run the center. In Charlotte, they are the developer as there was the site. We're going to manage the center and will jointly lease. And then in Columbus, again, Columbus is a competitive marketplace. But in Columbus, we're switching back to the other deal. So it's been -- partnerships are very common in the real estate industry. All sorts of people are partnered, developers over the years have always partnered. We have a very good relationship with Tanger and so it's just kind of a natural to say, okay, this is a way it was here, we're going to swap there and then go back here, and then there's another deal to do, it would probably swap back to the way we're doing Charlotte. So long winded, but Charlotte will be a the Charlotte Premium Outlet, and then Tanger will be branding Columbus, if, in fact, we're the successful developer.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, David, how many more do you think of the 8 that you have going and you would do with or that you're thinking about for North America you'd do with Tanger?
David E. Simon: Well, in the 2 or in the 8, and that be of the 8 North America, that includes Canada by the way, and we are actually looking at another site in Mexico. And we've seen very good progress in our outlet in Mexico City. But of the 8, 2 of those are Charlotte and Columbus, of the 8.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And no more plans yet with Tanger?
David E. Simon: No, sir.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then the last things, the recovery ratio, I think it was pretty much a high this time, this quarter. I mean, is it going to stay up where it is?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, I think we're excited -- I tell you in a weird sort of way the recovery ratio the way those of us who have been around awhile that historically thought about it. It's kind of less relevant now because we are 90 plus percent converted to fixed KM, so the KM charge is just another fixed charge that the retailer looks at in the calculation of the total occupancy cost that they're paying to the landlord. Our fixed KM all have individual annual escalators. And if you look at our operating cost, they've been pretty flat. And as long as that's the case, you're going to see the recovery ratio the way developers have traditionally thought about it, continue to increase.
Richard S. Sokolov: But I will tell you just in terms of our ability to drive rents if you go back and we've given you some of the quarters in the K, but our occupancy cost is down over 100 basis points since 12/31/10. So we're still providing very good profitability and value for our retailers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Yang of Evercore Partners.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: David, you made some comments last [ph] quarter that demand is picking up in the B mall category that sales were actually okay. So 3, 4 months into the new year, is that still the situation generally that the B mall segment continues to perform okay?
David E. Simon: Yes. Yes. Yes. I mean, yes, it is.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then also, maybe for Steve based on some of your recent conversations with the lenders. Are the lenders taking a more conservative approach maybe to the B mall category given obviously what's happening at JCPenney?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, Ben, I would just say that lenders and I assume you're referring to the secured lenders, generally speaking, I have kept a more conservative posture. Loan to values are still relatively modest, underwriting is still relatively conservative. And that's true regardless of the quality of the asset.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. So no significant change over the past few weeks given obviously the new management team at JCPenney's and a lot of uncertainty going on with that particular anchor; is that a fair assumption?
Stephen E. Sterrett: That's fair.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe switching gears. You made some comments on China just now. On the back burner, just to find opportunities, just to make money. Can you just elaborate a bit on some of the challenges that you see in China today that makes you a little more cautious because I do recall that you guys did go to China a few years ago doing some anchored centers, and I was curious what you see today that makes it still very challenging for you guys.
David E. Simon: Well, that was a very good experience. And we brought 70% -- look, any time you invest capital and you only bring 70% of it back home, you learn a lesson. And I would say, Ben, generally, generally, the ability to underwrite the product there in terms of what the tenants are going to pay, what the costs are, what the approval process is, all of the elements of the P&L and pro forma, including construction cost, land cost, permitting, it's all very, not to say that people can't make money there, but it's all very difficult to really have a high degree of confidence. And when you think of the risks associated there, you would hope that the returns are better, at least on the piece of paper that you're ready to make the investment are. And frankly, they're not, and that's what -- that's where the big gap exist. And so a lot of it is, build and they will come, and that plays out pretty badly in real estate development. I mean, it's certainly, build it and they will come in the U.S. As Rick knows and I know, Rick's older so he knows a little bit more than I know. Build it and they will come did not make every mall successful. There were a lot of malls that frankly shouldn't have been built. So it's just very tough to have the level of precision that we want and if there were margin for error, i.e., returns on investment that were higher, you would take the risk. I just don't see it in everything that we look at on a piece of paper in China. Brazil is a little bit different. You can pencil better returns there. But again, finding the right site and the right -- and the ability to build and so on is a little more tough -- difficult but you do see a little bit of a -- you do see a much better returns at least on a paper.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. And maybe just one final one on China. I mean, what type of returns would make it more attractive for you to go into China, given all the risk that you've kind of elaborated on?
David E. Simon: You'll know it when we do it, and right now, I don't see anything on the drawing board that's going to -- and again, please, the fact of the matter is, somebody could be very successful and we could miss an opportunity, but for whatever reason, whatever we're looking at, it's just not making sense for us. That's not to say others might not be successful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Patinkin of BMO.
Josh Patinkin: A couple of questions on Toronto Premium Outlet and the broader opportunity set for the Premium Outlet brand in Canada. Hudson Bay is opening their first outlet store there. Are you in a position to announce any other merchants?
David E. Simon: Yes, we will. I don't know when we're going to do that, but we normally do that. We normally have done that throughout the process, but we will. I mean, this should be, by all accounts, a very successful outlet center.
Richard S. Sokolov: We're already 85% leased and committed, and we will be putting out a press release in the next month or so. It's opening in August. So it's happening and it's gotten very good response from both the Canadian-based retailers, but also the U.S. retailers that are operating in Toronto already.
Josh Patinkin: Okay. So that was my next question. The American brand, I'm trying to assess their level of interest in Canada, and are the Canadian brands that are going in there, are they developing a made-for-outlet merchandising strategy similar to what happened?
David E. Simon: Some are. Yes, some are now. Hudson Bay is a perfect example. We have a wonderful relationship with the parent, which is, as you know, Lord & Taylor and we've picked up the phone and said, this, you're doing Lord & Taylor outlets in the U.S. a few here and there. You ought to do it with Hudson Bay and, really, we generated that idea. They thought long and hard about it and they were very interested in doing that. So I do think it will start a trend there, no question about it. And the U.S. folks are very interested, assuming they have a full price presence ahead of that. And Canada generally is very attractive to most U.S. retailers. But not all are there. And some of their outlet concepts will be delayed to the extent that until they have the full price there, which is coming and for us, with Toronto Premium Outlets, the luxury brands are starting to hit Toronto, and what we think over time, as they hit there, we have the natural place for them to do the outlet. But again, that's going to take time. In the meantime, we're going to have a terrific center and we have a Phase 2 there that would allow us to bring in the luxury guys as they hit kind of the greater Toronto market.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. As you look at Canada, how many Premium Outlet caliber malls are there to build in Canada do you think?
David E. Simon: Well, look, we expect in our, at least one of the -- now this was a great secret, now you've got 3 or 4 of the 8, but one in Mexico [ph] . One of the 8, at least 8 is in Montral, which we expect, again another meeting today on it, but we're going to start construction on that in July. And so that's -- we think that's a good market, a very good market. Now it poses a little trickier leasing because a number of the U.S. brands won't go up to Qubec, but we think that's offset by some of the international brands that really do like Montral. In fact, Montral is a great fashion city and they have great malls there, and we think it's going to be a great long-term project. So we've got Montral. Obviously, Vancouver is a very interesting market as well. We're focused on those kind of bigger gateway areas up in Canada.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Isbee of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: David, you've updated your FFO guidance at the first quarter for stronger operations. Just going back to the first -- fourth quarter volume you said on that call, it was going to be tough to match the 4.8% same-store growth you did in '12. Could you perhaps give us an update of those thoughts?
David E. Simon: Well, we -- look, the first quarter was very good. We had a -- what's really impressive for me is that it was off a really good first quarter in '12. So that's pretty significant cash flow growth when you had the 5 7 plus the 4 8, on top of the 4 8.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I agree.
David E. Simon: I am conservative by nature. I think the organization generally is even though we probably don't compliment them as much as we should, they're really doing a good job. So it would be -- I would be very, very excited if we maintained that we are not anticipating that. We also kind of trended down through the year. First quarter was better or so last year if you look, we kind of -- I don't remember where we were overall for '12, but...
Unknown Executive: 4 8.
David E. Simon: 4 8. So I think '13 we're heading the right direction. I'm really not answering your question, but it's off to a good start is all I can tell you.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then any thoughts about some of the fundamental strength of the B mall market. There seems to be some new entrants into the B mall category, people looking to buy some of those major assets [ph] , et cetera. What are your thoughts in terms of perhaps accelerating your sales out of that group, taking advantage of the new entrants to that market?
David E. Simon: Well, we're still going to prune the portfolio. So I'm pleased that there are new people coming in the market that are looking at deals. So I think that's good for us generally.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just finally on St. Louis. You have 97% spoken for at this point. Now that you're getting closer to the open, can you give us a little bit more, perhaps the insight into the negotiations with the retailers of why they chose your site over the competing and what type of sales they're expecting to get out of that?
David E. Simon: Look, I -- really, I'm not going to get into that, Nate, other than to say we presented to them what they thought the center was going to be like Cincinnati Premium Outlets. This is kind of how we envisioned the productivity and the mix. And that's been very -- it's a quite center, but it's been well received by the community and by the retailers. And that's how we sold it to the retailers. Now they have a lot of confidence that if we say we're going to build Cincinnati, they did, we did that, so that's how we kind of sold it, and to them in terms of how they should think about the productivity. The pricing was similar to that. I mean, and we took it from there. I mean, nothing beyond that, really. I mean, it was competitive, but at the end of the day, I think retailers have a level of confidence with us that -- in terms of the outlet product. I will say this, though, we got the -- this pricing in new deal, it's not -- the outlet retailer generally, they know what they can afford to pay. So as much as we'd like to say, there's just great, huge negotiation on rents, I mean they're used to saying, here's what I pay on the new outlet center and that's what they pay. So they're in a very good position to bargain what the rental rate is. I mean, the one thing they really wanted to do, they really don't like competing centers. They really like when there's one site and then they all go because they don't -- they know what they can afford to pay and then that's what they pay. So in Charlotte, as much as the market might think, boy, Charlotte looks like we're going to build that one center. The retail community loved the fact that they didn't have to worry about a competing site. They really, really like it. Now in St. Louis, I'm sure a number of them felt that way as well.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess your success there hasn't whetted your appetite for another bite [ph] .
David E. Simon: No. Look, we've lost plenty of those, too. And I mean -- but it's, like I said, it's not -- it's common to partner and just get a deal done for the community, for the retailers and be done with it. In this case, it didn't happen.
Operator: This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will like to hand the call back over to Mr. Simon for closing remarks.
David E. Simon: Okay. Thank you for your time and your interest, and we'll talk to you very, very soon.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelly J. Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David E. Simon - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Stephen E. Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael Gorman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew Leonard Rosivach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chantilly, and I will be your facilitator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Ms. Shelly Doran, Vice President for Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Shelly J. Doran: Good morning, and welcome to Simon Property Group's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a detailed discussion. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for sometime to come, we believe it is important to note that our call includes time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of today's date, February 4, 2013. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the earnings release or the company's supplemental information package that was included in this morning's Form 8-K. This package is available on the Simon website in the Investors section. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David E. Simon: Good morning. Our results for the quarter were very strong. FFO was $2.29 per share, up 19.9% from the fourth quarter of 2011. Our FFO exceeded the first call consensus once again, this time by $0.12 per share. For our Malls and Premium Outlets, tenant sales were up 6.6% to $568 per square foot, occupancy was up 70 basis points to 95.3%, base minimum rent per square foot increased by 3.4%, and our releasing spread was a positive 10.8% or $5.21 per square foot. For the year, our 2012 FFO was $2,885,000,000, an increase of $446 million from 2011. Growth in FFO per share was an exceptional 15.8% to $7.98 per share, and we did achieve such growth through a number of ways: First of all, our comp property NOI growth in our Mall and Premium Outlet platform was 4.8% per year. We completed several acquisitions in 2012 which were done throughout the year, so we'll see more of their accretion into 2013 and beyond, but those include Mills, Klpierre, our investments, Silver Sands, Grand Prairie, Livermore. We also successfully reopened Opry Mills in Nashville, Tennessee. And we opened a new upscale premium outlet center in Merrimack, New Hampshire, and our Texas City, Texas, deal with our partner in -- with Steve's Hangar. Now our significant redevelopment pipeline is also bearing fruit. Again, not much benefit in '12 for these things, but we expect to see additional earnings accretion for '13, '14. But they include King of Prussia, Fashion Mall at Keystone, Pheasant Lane, Ontario Mills, Sawgrass Mills and Southridge Mall, again investments made throughout '12 and opening at the end of '12. We continue to demonstrate our balance sheet leadership. In December, we did a bond offering of $500 million of 10-year notes at 2.75% interest rate and $750 million of 5-year notes at 1.5%, the lowest coupons ever printed by a REIT. 2012, we issued a total of $3 billion in senior unsecured notes with a weighted average interest rate of 2.81% and a weighted average term of 11.6 years. Now we also were very active in the secured debt markets. We closed or locked rates on 30 new mortgages totaling $3.7 billion, of which our share is $2.3 billion. The average interest rate on those loans is 3.88% with a weighted average term of 8 years. Let me turn to the dividend. Common stock dividend increased 17.1% in 2002 -- 2012 to a total of $4.10 per share for the year as compared to $3.50 paid in 2011. This morning, we announced the 6th consecutive quarterly increase in our dividend from $1.10 to $1.15 per share. Our stockholder -- total stockholder return in '12 was 26%. We've outperformed the RMS and the S&P for the 11th time in the past 12 years. Our compound annual return for the last decade was 21.4%, and since our IPO in December of 1993 was 17.2%. Transactions in December in the fourth quarter, we created a venture with CalPERS and Miller Capital Advisory to jointly own the shops in Mission Viejo and the Woodfield Mall, 2 of the best 100 malls in the U.S. Part of the transaction, as you know, we owned 100% of Mission and CalPERS own 100% of Woodfield. We now own 51% of Mission and 50% of Woodfield, and we lease and manage both assets. We have a very strong relationship with CalPERS and Miller, and we're excited to partner with them in Woodfield, where we think we'll have a good ability to increase that cash flow. Now let me talk about the Paragon deal. We completed the acquisition of the remaining interest in these 2 newly developed centers. These centers have been re-branded as Livermore Premium Outlets and Grand Prairie Premium Outlets. They serve the Greater San Francisco and Dallas-Fort Worth areas, respectively. Both are 100% leased. Traffic and sales continue to meet or exceed expectations and with each center creating an excellent reputation in their respective trade areas. Now our new development -- redevelopment pipeline continues to move forward aggressively. We invested nearly $900 million in projects during 2012 and expect our share of capital spend in 2013 to be over $1 billion. We have 5 Premium Outlets under construction, all scheduled to open in 2012: 2 are in the U.S., Chandler, Arizona, a suburb of Phoenix, and Chesterfield, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis; one in Japan; one in Canada, which is a suburb of Toronto; and our fifth is in Busan, Korea, which will be our third outlet center in Korea. We plan to start construction in the second quarter of the new upscale outlet center in Montral. This will be our second Premium Outlet Center in Canada. It will comprise approximately 390,000 square feet and is expected to open third quarter of '14. And construction is also under way at 24 redevelopment expansion projects throughout our U.S. portfolio and the 2 Premium Outlets in Asia. All will open in 2013 and '14. Several are very significant in size and scope, including expansions at Seattle Premium Outlets, Walt Whitman Shops, Sawgrass Mills and the redevelopment of an -- former enclosed mall into an open-air center at The Shops in Nanuet in Nyack, New York, Klpierre reported last Thursday. Total rents for the year were up 4% on a current basis and 2.3% on a like-for-like basis. In 2012, they completed asset sales totaling EUR 700 million, reduced their LTV by 200 basis points, continue to perform ahead of our expert -- expectations as we continue to refine the strategy for the company. In conclusion, I am and we are very pleased with our 2012 accomplishments and results. We reported record FFO per share of $7.98 per share. That is $0.71 higher than consensus at the beginning of 2012; $0.73 higher than the midpoint of our initial guidance range; $1.53, or 23.7%, than our high -- than our rate -- than our pre-Great Recession high FFO reported in 2008 of $6.45. We paid a record dividends of $4.10 per share. And with our recent increase in dividend this quarter, we're on track to pay at least $4.60 per share in '13. And this is $1 higher or 27.8% higher than the dividends paid in 2008 at the -- at our great -- at the Great Recession high. We look forward to another strong year in '13. And based upon our core business, FFO guidance for 2013 is in a range of $8.40 to $8.50 per share. The midpoint of this range is $2 higher than our record FFO per share prior to the Great Recession, or roughly 31% increase. With that, operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Christy McElroy of UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'm on the line with Ross as well. I was wondering if you could comment on the changing importance of outlets for retailers and then the differences in retailers' profitability across different platforms, especially in light of Mickey Drexler's comments at a forum a few weeks ago that the increasing importance of outlet sales versus full price to the bottom line isn't very widely discussed.
David E. Simon: Well, I don't think it's -- I don't think anything has really changed all that significantly. Over the years, it's been a very profitable distribution channel for the retailers. I expect it to continue. There are more retailers coming into the sector because of the fact that it is profitable for a number of the retailers. I also think what we've done, that is Simon, has increased the scale, the design elements, the layout for the outlet industry in total. We brought it to the front door as opposed to the backdoor of retailers. We brought new tenants in. And I think we've had an absolute direct impact on bringing new retailers into that sector and helping it take it out of the or less out of the -- more in the mainstream. Mickey, I love Mickey. Mickey makes lots of comments to those things, some of which had been directed at me in good fun. But the fact of the matter is it's a profitable business. We've had a lot to do with taking it out of kind of the backdoor and the front door. We've had a lot to do with the design and enhancing the look and feel of the product and also moving the product in better locations and bringing more tenants into it.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: David, it's Ross Nussbaum. I had an off-topic question, which pertains to your presence as the largest REIT in the industry and whether you had any thoughts on the increasing number of C corps that are converting to REITs and/or restructuring into opco/propcos and what kind of implications you think this trend has on the REIT industry overall.
David E. Simon: Well, that's a good question. I mean, I am starting to get a little bit concerned, maybe too strong a word, but I am getting a little bit concerned that the basic fundamentals of why companies are REITs is because they're in the real estate business and they're focused on growing their cash flow from their business as opposed to the opco/propco. I think the opco/propco has not worked its financing vehicle. I'm sure the investors are sophisticated to know which ones are primarily used for that vehicle. And so I'm getting a little bit concerned. I haven't had a chance. I've been too busy, frankly, to talk to NAREIT about what their whole view on this is. But the basic fundamentals of real estate investing with a seasoned management team, with quality real estate that can invest and grow their business is there. It's stronger than ever. And the returns, the cash flow, dividend increase for a number of companies has been remarkable in terms of the face of capital coming and going into the industry. The history of results for our industry has been phenomenal. I'm proud of our industry. I do think, though, if we get a little bit -- if it turns into a financing vehicle, I don't think it'll have a taint on the existing successful companies like ours, but I do think there should be a caution thrown to the wind with some of those.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa of ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: David, I know you tend not to provide same-store NOI growth figures, but I was just wondering if you could sort of talk about what you did in 2012 successfully and maybe what may not repeat. Or are there some items that may be headwinds this year that we should be thinking about, so that 4.8% may or may not repeat? And I'll start there.
David E. Simon: Well, look, 4.8% is an unbelievable execution. And let me just say this: I've read some of this commentary on our fourth quarter. I mean, I find it humorous because we look at it -- we look at our comp NOI on a year basis, not on a quarterly basis. And the important number is 4.8%. If you go -- also go back last quarter -- last quarter in 2011, we had a 4.5% increase. Yet, our quarterly or annual 2011 was 3.5%. So occasionally quarters are going to have a little extra performance, either overperformance or underperformance or right on performance. But, my goodness, focus on the year. The year was 4.8%. The other thing to focus on is that our comp NOI is -- what is it, Steve? 99%?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes, $4.05 billion.
David E. Simon: So it's $4.05 billion, if you didn't hear that. 99% of our portfolio. We don't play games with it. It's in our 8-K. It's right there. So I felt like I had to mention that because I've seen some analyst comments on that. But put that as a side, look, we are -- in our plan for next year is not to achieve the 4.8%. I mean, that was a -- for the Outlets and the Mall business, that was an extraordinary year. It's not doable, frankly. Maybe we can execute that, but we'd like to be conservative and thoughtful. That's in our guidance. We certainly want to hit our numbers that we produce. We have an unbelievable track record of producing that, rivals any public company in the country. And so we'll see. There's always headwinds in our business. Tenants coming, tenants going, bankruptcies. What the guys are doing in Washington, are not executing the way we want. It's never perfect. It's never as good as we want it to be and never as bad as you think it's going to be. But in the meantime, we're $2 over our 2008 number per share. Our dividend is $1 higher and growing. We're doing lots of redevelopment and new development. So you know what? I think we'll just do fine.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess we're coming up kind on the -- year anniversary of the Klpierre investment, and I know you've been a bit reticent to talk about at least some of the operational changes or impact that you might be having on the company. Is it still too early to talk about those? Or can you share some of your thoughts with us on that?
David E. Simon: Well, that the -- Steve, operations take time to manifest itself. And -- but we -- in conjunction with the management and the board -- we don't run the company, first of all. But in conjunction with the management and the board, and as Chairman, I mean, we give a lot of strategic advice. So what have we done? We've done asset sales to increase the financial performance or the -- to decrease the LTV and increase the financial firepower. We had EUR 2 billion of liquidity. We've re-branded the company from 2 brands to 1 brand and Segese [ph] to Klpierre, we're -- we've decided to get out of the office business to focus entirely on retail real estate. They did a great job of executing 3 terrific new developments and -- in Sweden and France that if you had a chance to visit, you'd be very proud of. We brought in a new COO that used to work for us at Simon Ivanhoe and worked at Unibuy. The company is rejuvenated in terms of marketing and operations. So I think we've done a lot. And the good news is, it's been a good investment. It will be, I think, a better investment. It has an element of risk. But the fact that they produce comp NOI growth with all the negative said about Europe is pretty damn good work. And we're proud of our association. We're proud of our investment. We're making big and good progress there that will again take time operationally. But we're also -- we brought -- are buying in Claymeres [ph], their other publicly traded vehicle, and we'll end up monetizing those assets over time. So I think there's been a tremendous amount of work. I'm surprised you don't see that.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: No, I was just trying to figure out if you thought that there were real sort of synergies on the leasing side or things that would maybe accelerate some of that growth. But let me just last question. Can you just talk sort of about Brazil and China? I know you've kind of been dipping your toe into those 2 markets. And you didn't really mention them, so I'm curious kind of what your thoughts are as we sit here today.
David E. Simon: Yes, turning to China, we continue to underwrite a couple of Premium Outlet deals. I continue to be very cautious about China, to build anything and including outlets. So there's really nothing new to say there other than it's taking longer to find the right deal to do, which is fine with me. We have plenty to do. I think the returns, the -- trying to get to the numbers, understanding tenant demand, understanding what's a great site, the ability to build expeditiously is very complicated in China. And we have on-ground experience, as you know, that wasn't a great experience for us. But nevertheless, we continue to see whether or not there's an outlet opportunity there. But it's slow going. And the fact of the matter is that's fine with us. In Brazil, we continue to work with BR Malls on one project. It's going through the permitting process there. It's taking some time. Assuming we get the permits, we would still have an interest in doing that. There's no certainty that, that will be accomplished, but a site's been identified. And we think we feel good about it if, in fact, we get the right to build stuff, satisfy it, and there's also a couple of others that we're looking at. But both of these markets are complicated. Both of these markets warrant a high level of due diligence, a high level of thoughtfulness. And we're exhibiting that by not just willy-nilly plowing capital in there but really waiting for the right opportunity that can justify the risk. And make sure the returns are there, which, Steve, frankly, is questionable on some of the ones that we've looked at and turned down.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: David, maybe we'll give you a rest and ask Steve a question to start off. Steve, you guys obviously just did some recent debt financing. One of those was a 5-year issuance. And just looking at how the 10-year has backed up, in 2019, it's a little bit light. But given how the 10-year has backed up, if you guys were going to go on the market again, would you just issue 10 and maybe another 30 year? Or would you still look to sort of fill in some of the near term?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Alex, it's a good question. It's really a couple of things: We've been really focused in this period of historically low interest rates in extending duration wherever we can. And in fact, if you look at the 8-K, for a portfolio that's $28 billion of debt, we moved the needle and extended duration by almost half a year and lowered our average borrowing cost for -- by 23 basis points. So our primary focus is locking in rates and extending duration wherever we can. The December offering happened to be a specific interest or situation, where we have a hole in our maturity schedule that was shorter term, and this -- the 5-year demand was so good that we issued shorter paper. But the focus is going to be primarily on longer-duration stuff.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then the second question is, just going to the Paragon. I mean, obviously, you guys have your own outlet program, but you've already done a few deals now with the Paragon guys. Is there sort of a relationship there where as they source deals, they know they sort of have an exit? If a deal fits a certain criteria, they know they can sell it to you? Or they -- were those 2 just sort of one-offs?
David E. Simon: Well, first of all, those deals, we were originally in as a partner in the deal during the development phase. So -- or construction phase. So I don't know if you know that, but that's the first point. But yes, we have a very good relationship with Paragon. I mean, there's no exclusivity on their behalf, on our behalf. We're talking to them on a couple of other deals. David Lichtenstein is a shareholder in the company, we've -- as part of the Prime transaction. So there's a good relationship. We continue to talk about new stuff. And -- but there's no requirement or exclusivity on either side.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: But as they're talking to tenants about pre-leasing, can they talk about -- I mean, obviously, they do talk about the relationship and the fact that Simon the Premium Outlet brand, may be the one ending up managing these? I would imagine that, that would be helpful as they're trying to pre-lease. Can they say that or not the case?
David E. Simon: It's really -- it's a deal-by-deal basis, and it's really not the case necessarily. If we do something at the outset, that's a 50-50 partnership, and we're both leasing it. That's certainly the case. But Livermore and Grand Prairie, we did -- we were not involved in leasing or managing. We had nothing to do with it. They did an unbelievable job on their own. And when we got involved, it was essentially pre-let. If there's a couple of ground-up things that we come in at the beginning, we may lease jointly. But in Grand Prairie and Livermore, they did all the work themselves.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan of Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: On the -- just on the core a little bit. Your occupancy at 95.3%, I mean, at what point are you getting -- I mean, it's a little bit different than what you reported prerecession because of the outlets that -- I mean, what point are you getting to where you think you're at a frictional minimum in terms of vacancy, and kind of what does that mean then for -- if so, what does that mean for your ability to push rents a little bit harder?
David E. Simon: Well, I'll just say this, in our plan for '13, we do have an increase in occupancy for the portfolio. It obviously is getting more challenging than it has as we've increased the occupancy. But we're also focused on improving the mix, and we have some deals that are shorter term, and we're trying to clean those out and go longer term. So there's a hell of a lot to do. And we'll -- and we're bound to get certain stores back because of either bankruptcy and/or the tenant is shrinking its store fleet because of their own issues. But we do have -- we do have a plan to increase our occupancy this year. But as important and more importantly is improving the mix and lengthening some of the shorter term leases into full 7-, 8-year leases as opposed to 1-, 2- or 3-year deals.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So -- I mean, if any -- if I think about it in terms of lease spread, your numbers have been around 10% for a while. Is there any reason to think they might change this year?
David E. Simon: Yes. Yes. In terms of our spread, no. We should be able to -- I mean, look, we're subject to -- as unfortunate as it might be, we're subject to the U.S. economy. I wish we could figure out the model where we weren't, but we are. So I mean, based on what we know today, I would think that we'd be able to achieve those kind of rental spreads.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just on the dividend. I mean, is there any -- first, '13, the dividend policy, you're going to keep doing what you've been doing over the past in terms of the quarterly adjustment?
David E. Simon: Well, we're getting -- it's safe to say we're getting closer to our taxable income. So I think the growth rate will -- at 4.60, we're getting much closer to our taxable income, and we'll have to see how that manages itself this year. But we'll be paying, as I said, at least 4.60, but we'll have to assess it every quarter. But we are getting closer to our taxable income.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a last question on Woodfield. I mean, any -- as you look at it now, anything that you think could be done there interesting in the near term, or is it just more of a longer term?
Richard S. Sokolov: Paul, this is Rick. We are all over Woodfield, and frankly, we think there are a number of things we could do in both the operating expense category, the marketing category. It is a massive property. It's over 2.2 million square feet, almost 890,000 feet of center section. So we've got a lot of flexibility in how we can deal with that space to maximize the NOI and bring in different users and create incremental uses and drive the NOI there by making more efficient use of the existing space. David Contis and his team's been up there a number of times, and they're very focused on what we can do. And I think you'll be seeing a number of things implemented over the next few months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cedrik Lachance of Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Just on the topic of Woodfield, what led you to JV Mission Viejo with CalPERS? Was it in terms of accessing the deal for Woodfield or did you want to reduce your exposure to Southern California somewhat?
David E. Simon: No, Cedrik, actually they have had Miller and CalPERS as partners. And they're -- our partners have had a tremendous business in investing in top-quality regional malls. So they're -- they didn't want to reduce their overall exposure, and so it was one of those things where we talked about one other mall that was not in California. We really said, here are 2 malls that would meet their criteria. We obviously have a lot more but we just narrowed it down to 2. And we did that. In addition -- and Steve was intimately involved -- in addition, they actually wanted California exposure.
Stephen E. Sterrett: That's correct.
David E. Simon: So that's why they -- between the 2 that we discussed, they chose Mission because they did want to increase to their California exposure.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And are you able to share the cap rates that were used to value each property?
David E. Simon: They were exactly the same. So in other words, $1 of cash flow from Woodfield was valued at the same value, it was $1 of cash flow from Mission.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just going back to the short-term deals or short-term tenants question from earlier, as you transitioned some of those short-term tenants, or that space as currently leased to short-term tenants, to something longer, do you need to find new tenants? And if so, what kind of retailers are primarily growing in those spaces?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, one, if you keep track, we made substantial progress in the last quarter in reducing the amount of the specialty leasing agreements we have in excess of the 12 months. The -- what we're doing is we're bringing in a number of new tenants and for the most part, we're taking that space and incorporating it into existing spaces to create appropriate rooms. And I'm not going to give you the usual litany of new tenants that are coming to the mall spaces David always joked to me about, but we do have a number of tenants that are looking for larger footprints. And 3 that are particularly relevant, H&M, ZARA and UNIQLO, are looking to have footprints that are in the 20,000- to 25,000-foot range, and that requires significant reconfigurations of existing space, some pretty unique property solutions to satisfy those needs, and we want to do so because they're great retailers. And that's one of the real sources of incremental demand.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then final question, perhaps, going back to the outlet business a little bit. What's the appetite on the part of potential institutional joint venture partners to take positions in some of the outlet properties?
David E. Simon: Well, we like owning generally 100% of an asset. So we've never really pursued it. But it would be -- the Woodfield mission is a great example of how we think about joint venturing. If it's a new opportunity that we couldn't otherwise access, it's great to partner with a highly respected group like Miller and CalPERS. But for us to bring in a JV partner in any of our outlet business, we -- first of all, we just don't see -- there's a lot of growth in that business, and we don't -- it's not like we can't access capital if we need it. We've got, obviously, a significant amount of retained earnings and cash flow that we plowed back into the business to accelerate our growth, as evidenced by our growth over the last 2 or 3 years. But there's no doubt in my mind that if, in fact, we desire that the institutional investors would certainly have a high degree of interest. We get solicited all the time and we kind of just poo-poo it. And Mills is a great example where we decided to go ahead and buy that deal as opposed to bring in another highly thought of institutional investors because we thought there were still significant growth there, and we wanted to own 100% of the assets that we ended up buying.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Harris of Imperial Capital.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Could I just expand that question on CalPERS JV. We've talked about this in the past, about Simon's ability to generate higher returns out of assets than perhaps properties that come from other ownerships. Is this going to be an example you might be able to look to, David?
David E. Simon: I think so. I will say this, there is a significant demand, David, from institutional -- highly capitalized, highly thoughtful, highly experienced, big-time institutional investors, including sovereign wealth funds, to invest in retail real estate. And I just had a recent meeting that -- and that's worldwide. It's not just U.S. There's a high demand to invest in Europe. There's a high demand to find opportunities in Asia, where we can certainly parlay that interest in our corporate success into creating new opportunities for the company.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Can I stay abroad for a minute. And Japan seems to have adopted a leaf out of the Bernanke book on currency debasement. It looks like we're looking at substantial reduction in the yen-dollar rate?
David E. Simon: Yes. Yes.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: You have fairly substantial high net asset exposure with minimal Japanese yen. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that whether it might reverse then an opportunity for a dollar buyer? And also whether you might be thinking of putting some more hedge in place on your existing assets?
David E. Simon: Well, were currently underhedged in terms of our -- the value that we have. And we do have a hedge of roughly $200 million and --
Stephen E. Sterrett: $250 million.
David E. Simon: $250 million, roughly. So we do have a hedge. But our asset value is much greater than that. And we also hedge -- we get cash flow repatriated through our management and development fees, advisory fees that we do hedge, and we've hedged those over a long period of time. But what we don't hedge, though, is the cash flow that's generated from the business because it's harder to hedge given a lot of that capital goes back into the business to grow, either to build something new or expand. It's something we're seriously thinking about. We are underhedged. We do -- we will suffer a little bit this year, a couple of cents if the yen stays higher than where it is, given our plan. But I think it's -- we -- I'd say we'll develop a plan here over the next month or so. But it is something we're very focused on.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Obviously, as the company gets bigger and expose -- gets higher exposure to international, I mean, you're going to have to lead the way in the sector in terms of your sophistication around this?
David E. Simon: Yes.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: I mean, there are some other leading companies that fall a long way short on what's needed here. Can I just -- another point of detail, on page 14 of the 8-K, your international NOI is listed at 6.3%, that's inclusive of the Klepierre, I'm assuming?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes, David. This is Steve. It does include our share of the Klepierre NOI from the date of the investment on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley of Citigroup.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Maybe just a first question for Rick. Just in terms of leasing in 2013 and some of the, I guess, opportunities, what's sort of the incremental leasing opportunities to push occupancy up above 95% this year that you're looking at?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well David touched on, I think, the most important one, which is what we're doing is spending a great deal of time making more efficient use of the space that we have by trying to downsize underproductive tenants. And that is a way to generate a lot more NOI out of the existing space. But the other opportunities, as I mentioned, the 3 significant international users are all fairly aggressively looking for space now. And that is a major source of demand in the properties. And we've got a number of other tenants that are having brand extensions and new international tenants that are seeking space. So it's a matter, really, of coming up with ways to create space that will be appropriate for their needs. And for the most part, at this occupancy level, it involves downsizing existing underproductive tenants or trying to create incremental space. And a great example of that is Walt Whitman, where we are literally adding significant square footage across the entire front of the property by expanding it, and that's enabling us to bring in a significant number of new impact retailers.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And I guess that feeds into the second question I had. Just in terms of the development pipeline in the U.S., which is about $1 billion, if you include all of the re-anchoring that you're doing. Could you maybe just talk about what the shadow pipeline is, if you would, to look forward over the next sort of 3 or 4 years? What's the kind of volume of capital you're looking at putting back into the U.S? And how are you thinking about returns and construction costs and some of the trends in that development pipeline?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, we have said previously, and we think this is going to be the case, that we can foresee spending at pretty much that same $1 billion rate over the next couple of years. And that's the combination of the announced projects that are already underway. We're working on some new premium outlet deals. We're working on several significant redevelopment opportunities in the mall portfolio that David has talked about in the past. We've announced Nordstrom at Del Amo, Bloomingdale's at Stamford. And we still have a significant pipeline of opportunities in this portfolio that's going to enable us to deploy that level of capital at our historic returns.
David E. Simon: If you were to use the -- and the euros actually do a pretty good job in terms of how they look at the -- their pipeline. But we -- I'd say our controlled pipeline is at least $5 billion, as Rick mentioned, between the redevelopments, the field -- Roosevelt Fields, included in that field [ph], and the Copleys, and the Alamos of the world, and including the new development. So I'd say our controlled pipe is around $5 billion, and that's over a 3-, 4-year period of time. And that will give you a sense -- I mean, projects come in and projects go out, but that's kind of the order of magnitude that we see.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: David, it's Michael Bilerman speaking. Just had a question on Klepierre. Given that -- in fact, that this is the 10-year anniversary of the tax, there certainly is an element that, at some point, perhaps you can take this thing private over the course of this year or next. I guess, where do you sort of stand in terms of the desire to sort of increase your ownership? What is your relationship with BNP Paribas and their desire to sell stake and sort of how are your thoughts evolving on that?
David E. Simon: Well, these also are very simple, straightforward questions that I'm really not going to answer other than -- I will say this, we have an excellent relationship with BNP. They've been very supportive from the get-go, once we got the deal negotiated. And they make valuable contributions at the Supervisory Board level. But the rest, Michael, I'm really not going to comment on. We are pleased with our investment. It's going to take time, but I still think there's a unique opportunity here to turn Klepierre into a really premier retail real estate company in Continental Europe. It's going to take time. I'm very patient on this. "Reasonably," I should say. I hope the market here is reasonably patient. But the fact of the matter is for the last -- shoot, the deal closed in late March, early April, I mean, we've done a lot of good stuff in a very short period of time, getting the company rejuvenated toward what we think is the -- allows them -- again, subject to a lot more improvement, but at least gives them the path toward preeminence in Continental European retail real estate.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then you had mentioned Copley, which I don't think yet is in the 8-K in terms of schedule. I guess when are you thinking about breaking ground, and are you thinking rental or condo? And I guess both would have a difference in terms of capital deployment or net capital invested at the end of the day.
David E. Simon: Yes, the vast -- we're still designing the building. And we may need -- because of that design, we may need to go back through some administrative approvals that we don't think will be a big deal. But the idea that we're circling right now is to do mostly rentals, though there will be some condo element to it. And so you'd have essentially a hybrid building.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just last question, just Sears and JCPenney. Obviously, you had some changes at Sears at the helm this quarter, I'm just curious how you sort of think about how that evolves. And then in terms of the JCPenney sort of rebranded stores, and any within your portfolio about, I guess, how you're sort of viewing those performing relative to the others within the portfolio.
David E. Simon: Well, Sears, I -- it's -- I really can't comment all that much on the management changes. I don't sense it's a huge deal there. So I'm not -- I don't think that's any major, major move on their front. And Penney, I like the new stores. Rick and I visited the new complete prototype, but we've also seen some of the new shops within the shops at some of our malls. We don't have all the data yet. It's -- I'm really not in the position to comment on how successful it is. They are -- I like what I see, and they're making progress. But the financial implications of that change is really best left for them to describe. And I assume they're coming out with their earnings here shortly, I would imagine. So we'll look forward to hearing more in terms of the progress. But just from a mall owner's point of view, rejuvenating that brand, Penney, that is, is welcome. And we're working with them to be supportive of their efforts in rejuvenating the brand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I think this one is for Rick on leasing spreads. I'm curious about market rents, in particular, because if I look at your -- I guess, it's the closing rate on leases, it's been moving lower over the last year, but the opening rate has been relatively flattish. Can you speak to the trends in market rents here in the U.S.? Because I'm wondering if the growth has been obscured a little bit, maybe by a mix issue in the leases that you're signing.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, frankly, we continue to see our average base rent go up quarter-over-quarter, and it has been consistently. So I would tell you that we still have pricing power. If you look at our occupancy cost percentage, it's still relatively low. We have significant demand and we're able to continue to grow, I think, to grow those rents.
David E. Simon: I think you really got to look at the spread, and that's the more driving -- I mean, mix always is moving around, what's expiring, what's coming up. But if look at kind of what the expiration schedule is and the incoming rents, I mean, you'll see the spread is there to be had if we execute.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess in that regard, right now, and thinking about the spreads down the road. I mean, specific to anchor expirations, I think in 2014, the expiring anchor rent just sort of north of $5. In most of recent years, that's been sort of between $2 and $4. Is that something that leads you to think that leasing spreads could decelerate a little bit in 2014, or is that just something unique there?
David E. Simon: The anchors invariably have options, so I wouldn't -- that really has very little drive in our income.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then a question, David, I guess for you, in the -- on asset pricing because a few of your competitors have put out portfolios in malls, in the market, that are generally kind of in the $300 square foot range for sales productivity. What's your sense in where assets like those are pricing today in this capital market, given your experience with recent mall sales?
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, I -- it's really better left for them to explain what their pricing expectations are. The latest data that we have seen is what Westfield sold to Starwood. There's not much new beyond that. But I will tell you that some of the assets that are being sold, I find very aggressive pricing. I mean, there was this auction in Kansas City, kind of -- really not sure what it is. It used to be a lifestyle center, turned outlet, turned -- just a place where -- line [ph] center, but just a place where -- it's big, so you'd lease it to whomever you can lease it to. That pricing was pretty aggressive. So I mean, I -- I'm really -- it's really -- they're really better in a position to tell you what they want to see from pricing than we are.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question, I guess, on outlet development because -- I guess, Christy touched on it earlier, but you are seeing outlet development activity kick up, or at least certainly interest in it, has it gotten to a point where you guys are seeing maybe pressure on development yields because retailers feel that they have more options for who they can align with?
David E. Simon: Well, I think that there's certainly going to be pressure on development yields for risky or ill-conceived projects. But they always are, right? I mean, that's the case in malls, outlet centers, power centers, lifestyle centers. The minute you have to beg a tenant to go into is the minute your yield goes down to unacceptable levels. I don't think it's going to change all that much for what we're trying to accomplish. I don't -- we're not going to get every deal. We're not going to win every deal. But I think the stuff that we're looking to build, I feel very good that we'll continue to generate the returns that you've grown accustomed to. By the way, it takes a lot of work to generate those yields, but -- so I'm sure there's going to be some yields that are going to, really, be way too low because, I mean, the nature of the business is people push projects and retailers sometimes don't pass up deals that are too good to be true. So as long as it's not our own mistake, it doesn't matter to us. It doesn't impact our business. And that's what you have to understand. I mean, too many people extrapolate, well, there's going to be 4 or 5 bad outlets. It's going to have some impact on you. It's going to have no impact on us, none. And there were 100 bad lifestyle deals, it didn't really have an impact on us. We're $2 higher this year than we were in the Great Recession. That says a lot about the company's ability to withstand the -- whatever the trend is out there. So it's -- the yield compression is not an issue for SPG. It might be for others. And so there'll be some bad deals done and we'll say, "We knew it. We told you." But what can we say? What can we do? We just have to do what we do.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Actually, just a follow-up, you mentioned before that you prefer to own, particularly, your JV outlet developments, 100%. But I'm curious because return interest is very strong, or interest is very strong from institutional investors out there. If there was an opportunity for you to raise capital from there, what sort of terms or return split or valuation would lead you to maybe rethink that and take on a partner?
David E. Simon: If somebody wanted to come at a 2% yield on Woodberry -- I think Woodberry has got better risk-free credit than United States of America, and with growth potential. So 1 800 [ph], David, 2% yield at Woodberry, maybe I'd do it. I don't even know if I would do that, frankly. Rick, would you sell it in 2%? I don't know.
Richard S. Sokolov: There's a lot of growth left in Woodberry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A quick question. If we're thinking about -- let me see, you've got a comparable outlet in a comparable mall, let's say they're doing -- good centers doing $600, $700 a foot, do you think there's a cap rate differential there, number one? And then if you lower it to, say, a $350 or $400 foot center, the same question, is there a cap rate differential there?
David E. Simon: Cap rates are so real estate-specific that we'd have to know where the leases are, what the competitive marketplace is, where is this mall or outlet center? There's so many other variables than one just simple number. The most important point that I'd like to make is -- with respect to your question, is that, go back to our involvement in the outlet business, we -- David Bloom and I did a joint venture in 1998 in the outlet business. We built Orlando and Las Vegas together. Now I was so stupid because I invested in some technology business that I had to show the market that I was maybe not great in technology, but pretty good in real estate that I -- we had $4 million in Orlando and I sold it out to him, 1 year after, it was built for $40 million, which is 10x on a real estate deal in a year, which, by the way, is -- rivals as any private equity deal done or any venture capital deal. So I thought maybe at least the market would say, "All right, so he screwed up in technology, but at least he knows what he's doing in real estate." We've been at it a long time. We've had a dramatic impact on this industry. We've brought it out of the back room into the front room. We've brought new retailers into the business. We've redesigned it. We've brought it closer to marketplaces, like what we did in Orlando and Vegas, et cetera. So -- and because of all those efforts, at the end of the day, a great outlet is no different, I think, in the mind of the investor than a great mall. And I think you could say that a good outlet is probably not that much different than a good mall. And you could take that thinking all the way from high to the end. At the end of the day, a bad outlet and a bad mall, who the hell knows? I can't comment on that. But -- so I just think it's -- they're pretty much comparable at the end of the day. And then it gets to the specific real estate questions, like what's rent roll doing? What's sales doing? How can you expand it and all that kind of stuff that go into specific real estate questions. Now, in addition, look, we've been at it since '98, and then I think people said, "You know what, it's not a bad business. Let's get in it." So I don't know. I don't know. But that's the only way I can answer your question.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Do you think you're going to see the pace of asset sales pick up this year for some of the secondary market stuff you're looking at?
David E. Simon: My instinct is to say yes, but it's still hard work. But my instinct is to say yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carol [Audio Gap]
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: We saw you and Simon put together a great project in Houston. And then in October, you all both announced plans for Charlotte. And then in November, you all decided to work together. Is it safe to assume if you and Tanger are competing in the same market, there's a high likelihood that you all would work together in the future? Or would you both try to build your own centers? Or how is that decision made?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I -- we have a very good relationship with Tanger, where we have our 1 joint venture. We've got our 2 that are in predevelopment, development phase, Columbus, Charlotte. I would find it unlikely that at the end of the day, we would both be building in the same markets at the same time. You can never say never. But I'd find it unlikely given our good track record that we have with the Tanger guys. Now, look, we -- he just built in West Phoenix, and we're building in South Phoenix. There are some overlap in the trade area, but they're really 2 separate distinct outlets. I know his was well-leased at opening. Ours is going great. We open, don't forget, April 4. And -- but I would find it unlikely that we'd have a situation where we were both actually in 2 -- in 1 trade area where we're both building at the same time. And we may be competing and finding out who's going to win, but I would find it unusual we would both build at the same time.
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: In the process of competition, do you think it's highly likely you all would join together or one would just [Audio Gap] on the vacant Nordstorm space at Circle Centre Mall in Indianapolis, have you all had any luck re-tenanting that space? Or how are the discussions going there?
David E. Simon: Well, we have a very nominal -- just, first of all, just so you know, we have a very nominal financial interest in it. But we're working -- I mean, the mall is doing reasonably well. We're working hard to re-tenant it, but we don't have any tenant to announce right now.
Richard S. Sokolov: I would just make the comment that we've got 635 department stores and there are 6 vacant. So less than 1%. So...
David E. Simon: And that happens to be one of them.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes, that's one of them. So thanks for asking.
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: So you sound like you're in good shape. That's just one close to me, so I notice it when I shop.
David E. Simon: It's closer to us.
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Yes, it's about 2 hours for me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: When I look at sales trends in January, especially the second half of January, it seems like they've been slowing, at least the research we do here. And I'm curious, have you seen January sales yet or have any indication what sales trends at your properties might look like for January?
David E. Simon: We don't -- Rich, we don't get our January sales until November -- oh, I'm sorry, the month later. So we won't get them until the end of February. But anecdotally, I've heard actually very good stuff. And, in fact, what was going on in Washington clearly had a reasonably down impact on the whole holiday season. Some of that picked up in January. So I've actually heard the exact opposite of that. But I haven't talked to every retailer, and I'm sure there will be some winners and losers. But generally, Rick and I were at NRF a couple of weeks ago, and we were hearing January was okay. So I don't know where you're getting that. But actually, we heard the reverse. But I'm not going to opine on that just because it's anecdotal.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, mine as well, David, same thing. Okay, good. And then, Steve, looking at the credit loss provision, it was unusually high, at least certainly higher than it's been the last couple of years this quarter, and I realize it's been pretty low. But anything special going on with credit losses or your thoughts on that?
Stephen E. Sterrett: No, Rich. And, in fact, I'd look at it more on an annual basis and not worry so much about an individual quarter, no different than the comment David made earlier about NOI. And if you look at it on an annual basis, it's still relatively below kind of historical norms for us as a percentage of revenue.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So no reason to think that goes higher substantially in '13?
Stephen E. Sterrett: No, sir. In fact, I would tell you that the '12 actual is probably a pretty decent run rate for the entire year '13.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then last thing, guys, on -- back to Paragon for just a second. It seems, David, that you get in to projects like this maybe a bit later in the process. And hence, if you did get in to another one, it might be well along the way. So it would deliver much quicker, I guess, is one way to think about it. And I noticed they had one in the Twin Cities, I think, they were working on and probably have others. Are there any of the other ones that you're kind of looking at with them at this point?
David E. Simon: We're talking to them about 1 and perhaps 2 others. But look, they're -- as I said to you, they're competent developers. Each deal is going to be a little bit different. But the good news is we can't -- given our own resources, we can't tackle every opportunity out there. We never have thought about our business that way. And it's good to have a good relationship with Paragon, just like it is with Tanger, because at the end of the day, partnering on some of these, delivering good product to our retailers, making money for our shareholders is all in the same equation. So it's a good, healthy relationship, and I would be disappointed if there weren't a couple more to do with both of them as we move forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya of Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just going back to 2013 guidance. I mean, you have provided a bit of a road map in regards to some of your underlying assumptions about where it seems your NOI is going, where you expect occupancy to go and maintaining leasing spreads. Any other kind of tidbits you could give us in regards to what's underlying your 2013 guidance?
David E. Simon: Well, look, we go through -- we are a large company. We got $80 billion of assets. We're in Europe. We're in Japan, Korea. We're in the mall business, the outlet business. We -- we've got development yields that we're trying to achieve, redevelopment. So, so much goes into how we do it. The most important is that we're dedicated to producing the results that we tell the market. We've done it for 9, 10 years. I don't even know. I lost track. We used to put that in, but since no one cares, we decided to take it out. And you know what, that's the number. We just don't think it's all that critical. Maybe we're wrong. We're happy to be -- we're happy to have our arm twisted to give you all the specific detail as to what we're trying to accomplish given our track record. You know we're trying to grow our comp NOI. You know we're trying to lower the cost of our debt. You know were trying to do our development deals according to our plan that we've -- we outlined in the 8-K. You know we're trying to increase our operating margins. You know we're trying to keep our overhead reasonably sane as the company gets bigger and bigger. You know all that, and we're not going to change. We just don't think, given our track record, we need to give you each and every little detail. We're happy to get our arm twisted, yelled at. Complain to Steve, if we do. But since we're such a big, big company, but it does include comp NOI growth. That's our #1 priority. It will always be managing the overhead is critical. There's some things out of our control, interest rates, currency, execution by others that we've empowered. But you put it all in and we think it's reasonable guidance given our past history of performance.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's fair. I guess the only reason why I asked is it sounds like a lot of things are still going to be going well in 2013. You have a fair amount of acquisitions that hit late in 2012. You have all these redevelopment and development efforts coming online in 2013. I was just kind of curious, is there any kind of number in there that weighs on 2013 earnings that we should be aware of?
David E. Simon: As a negative?
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
David E. Simon: Well, look, we sold -- I mean, we have some things that are negative. For instance, I'll give you 2 or 3 that come -- pop in my mind. We sold our interest in Capital Shopping Centres. We no longer get that dividend. That was dilutive because we essentially paid down debt. We sold -- we no longer -- we have some mortgages that we owned on the hope that maybe the owners were going to default. Those got paid off. So we -- our investment income is way down. We had a couple land sales. That's a lumpy business. So there's always those kind of things that are a little bit negative that we have to earn our way back. And Steve can shed more light. I mean, those are 2 or 3 that jump to mind. We have higher -- now we don't have much floating rate debt, but we do put in higher interest rate on the short term. So we have some exposure on that. So I mentioned the currency. We're already behind our budget in currency, but that didn't change our guidance. We'll figure out hopefully how to make that up in some way, shape or fashion. But that's hurting us with the yen. Those are some of the items that jump out.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a quick question on Grand Prairie and Livermore. With those assets being 100% occupied when you acquired them, how should we kind of think about growth within that portfolio and where you expect to get that from?
David E. Simon: Well, they were 100% leased prior to our 100% acquisition. And we like the real estate, so the growth will be there over time but nothing imminent. I mean, there could be based upon overage rental, I should say. So sales is still a little bit unknown because there's still some overage or percent rent deals with some of the anchors. So there may be growth because those projections may be less than what they produce. And then Livermore does have an expansion opportunity, so that's a couple of years away.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just 1 last specific question for Steve. Just ad expense during the quarter went up quite a bit. Just wondering why that was so.
Stephen E. Sterrett: I'm sorry, Tayo, the advertising expense?
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, expense.
Stephen E. Sterrett: That would just be seasonal, but it nets out because most of that is reimbursed by the tenant. So that's the bottom line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Yang of Evercore.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Maybe, David, going back to the outlets. Do you have any thoughts maybe longer term on existing outlets that get cut off by new development? Because when I look at my area in San Francisco, I think the new Livermore outlet will probably siphon off some sales from Gilroy. You look at what's happening in Ohio, it looks like Jeffersonville might get fewer until shoppers from Columbus once the new outlet center opens up in that market. Are you worried about this at all? And maybe did this back in to your decision to sell Jeffersonville 2 years ago?
David E. Simon: Well, Jeffersonville was a requirement. So I think it's a fine asset, and I think it's a different trade area than what Columbus deals are. But yes, look, some of these may have some impact on some existing centers. I don't think there's enough to create an alarming concern. And Liver -- Gilroy is -- that's not an easy drive to go from there to Gilroy either way. As we get -- Livermore essentially gets the East and Gilroy gets the South. You may have some -- all this stuff that we have in the Napa area are pretty focused on that weekend consumer or whatever, visitor, tourist visitor. And -- so there could be some of that but nothing that I've seen that's been overly dramatic.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. So too early to worry about that issue?
David E. Simon: Too early. But, look, certain new deals were going to impact existing centers, whether they're outlets or malls or -- that's just the nature of the business.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure, sure. And then you had talked about a Kansas City center earlier, and I was wondering if you could tell us what center that was and maybe what the cap rate was on that sale.
David E. Simon: Oh, I think it was -- our read of it was around a 6% cap rate.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: What was the asset exactly?
David E. Simon: It's -- go ahead, Rick.
Richard S. Sokolov: It's an open-air project that had some community center, power center components, had some full price components, had a lot of food. It was surrounded by a number of attractions in Kansas City that made it a decent location. But as David said, very big, we really analogized it to our Mills product because it could be all things to all people. But at that cap rate, it was a very significant valuation.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So unanchored, fixed cap, can you tell us what the name of that center was so that we can do more [indiscernible].
David E. Simon: It was called The Legends in Kansas City on the West side on the way to Topeka.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then final question. David, you made some positive comments on B malls in the past, and I wonder if you could just maybe provide your updated thoughts on this tier of your property portfolio?
David E. Simon: Well, the demand, I think, is picking up in it. So I think it's a lot of elbow grease. But generally, the demand is picking up in the B mall category. Sales are actually okay. And, I mean, one thing I love to look at is kind of sales year-over-year if we had any that had the decrease, and we really didn't. So I think business there is steady [indiscernible] she goes.
Richard S. Sokolov: And when you look at our anchor additions, they are being added throughout the portfolio. I'm not going to categorize the B, C, A. But throughout the portfolio, we're adding a lot of anchors, and that obviously only helps but increase market share.
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure. And then do you think there's any institutional interest in joint venturing some B malls currently, maybe something that does below $350 a foot, something in that range?
David E. Simon: Well, there's a lot of the private equity money doing it. So indirectly, that is institutional interest because all of their investors are institutional investors generally or some really rich people. So...
Benjamin Yang - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: What about pension funds? Any pension funds that you think you might want to take an interest in, in some of these B malls?
David E. Simon: I think that is more going to be done through the private equity guys, and I think there's going to be roll-up strategies generated out of those guys. The yields are good. The business is more stable. There's more players coming into that. So that's where the interest is. And I think you'll see more transactions in that whole category.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Gorman of Cowen Group.
Michael Gorman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick housekeeping questions for Steve. Steve, in the past couple of years, there's been sort of a ramp-up in the regional office costs from third quarter to fourth quarter that didn't really happen this year. I was just wondering why that was and if the fourth quarter is still a good run rate for 2013.
Stephen E. Sterrett: No, I -- Mike, for 2013, I'd look at the annual number and not necessarily the quarter number. So that kind of $125 million-ish number in total is a good number. And then how it breaks out quarter-to-quarter can depend upon a lot of seasonal things, like David mentioned, with respect to the NOI. But I'd really focus on the annual number.
Michael Gorman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just 1 more clarification. When I was looking at the 8-K, there's a footnote that talks about land sale gains of just about $8 million, and that seems a little bit different from the breakout of $4.4 million on the income statement. Is that just unconsolidated land sale gains that's the difference there? Or...
David E. Simon: Yes, we had one that flow through our JV.
Stephen E. Sterrett: JV. That's correct. Bonus points.
David E. Simon: We love when people read our financial statements, especially when management does it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I'm here with Craig Schmidt. Just a few questions. I guess just thinking about -- 2012 clearly was just a great year for the company. David, how are you feeling, I guess, the start of this year versus last year? And what's the message to the team, I guess, for this year?
David E. Simon: Thank you for mentioning that. We did have a really, really good year, and I'm frankly proud of the organization that -- on all fronts, financing, operations, leasing. Basically, there were really no -- we really executed well, and I appreciate those comments. I appreciate you pointing those out because we worked our ass off in '12 to deliver that. And we had a lot of moving pieces, as we always do, and we did a lot of deals. People forget about all the deals that we did. So -- and hopefully, the fruits of those investments have -- did show, to some extent in '12, but they'll show more importantly in '13 and '14. So thank you for highlighting that. Look, our -- we're the old Green Bay Packers, 3 yards in a cloud of dust. If our -- if we said anything different to our people, they would -- they'd be shocked. So we're not -- we're pleased with what we did in '12. We got a lot going on in '13 already. And I think what we're doing at the property level in terms of our reinvestment is a huge focus, and delivering the redevelopment yields that we want is very, very important to -- for both the consumer and the retailer. And I just think it's more of the same of what we do. We -- and I would hope to be able to have another year like that in '13, but it takes a lot of work. There's always the unknown out there. We are spending a lot of capital so we got to produce the returns that we want in that capital invested. We have a good track record, but that doesn't necessarily mean you can produce it. The mall teams are in good shape. Outlets team is in good shape. We're still working through our international, how to beef that up. The Mills team is in good shape. So generally, I'm pleased, but as everybody knows around here, we don't rest. We fight and we continue to work to have another good year.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I guess addressing maybe one of our concerns or question marks on the consumer. Any particular area you're more worried about, whether it's luxury or at the aspirational shopper or the middle-income shopper?
David E. Simon: Well, I think, over a long period of time, the middle-income person has been squeezed. And that always -- I don't want to get into this big macro discussion because people will either disagree or I'll bore them to death. But look, that's a big focus. It's always been a big concern. But we're in a good spot because we have that bifurcated product. We have the high-end, and that continues to do well. Look, it will ebb and flow, but at the end of the day, the people there have purchasing power. And there may be a bad quarter or 2 of sales, but they're going to -- those assets are only going to get better. And we're very well-represented in the value side. So we have that bifurcation like what the retailers are trying to accomplish. We have some stuff in the middle that gets squeezed. We have the ability to manage those reasonably well. That does retard our growth rate to some extent because some of those asset's cash flow does go down. But generally, the bifurcation that is out there between looking for value or looking for the higher-end product is no better represented than what we do. We're the best representative of what's out there is what I really should say.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then turning to the Internet, I don't believe you guys really discussed that. Just coming for the holidays and it seems like more of the discussion from the retailers coming out at some of the latest conferences has been recognizing the importance of using the Internet, along with bricks and mortar. I don't know if there's anything new you've been talking to retailers about, any new thoughts on how to leverage your properties, anything -- any new initiatives.
David E. Simon: Well, there's lots -- we could go through lots of what we're doing on the digital front, marketing and everything else. But I'd say that -- I don't -- I would just say this. The good news of all of this is that, in my opinion, the retailers clearly need stores, clearly want to invest in stores. And I think all the technology will enhance their ability to deliver better service to the stores that they have as we will also. I think we'll able to enhance our service levels through the use of technology, and I think that's critical in today's environment. I have yet to see, frankly, and it may come one day. But I've yet to see a retailer say they're not spending money, opening new stores because they're reallocating capital more toward the Internet. Now we may cross that fulcrum at some point, but I haven't seen it. And I think what it also means is they're going to be selective on where they go and what they want to do. But I'm a strong believer that good real state will get stronger and better. And I've said to you for a number of years, the retail real estate, some of it will become obsolete. We've seen it in some of our assets. It's unfortunate, but that's reality. But I think we'll more than make up for it as demand is more focused on the better real estate, which we own a vast preponderance of. And -- but I think technology is ultimately going to end up being useful to delivering a better product and service to our consumers and make it a more enjoyable experience.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, it's Craig here. I just -- my question focuses on The Mills. Could you talk a little bit about the redevelopment at Sawgrass? And then maybe, in general, the opportunities or direction given, as you mentioned, the significant reinvestment in The Mills in 2012?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, there's a couple of things that are going on at Sawgrass, Craig. First, we took back the Wannado use that was a children's interactive retailer. It's about 110,000 feet. That's been completely redivided now into new tenants, and they're all open. And that's doing very well. It's added a new entrance into the mall. We added Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, and that's doing well. We're opening later, thinking early second quarter, an expansion of The Colonnade, which is our upscale outlet presentation at Sawgrass. And that's going to have almost exclusively high-end designers with their only location in Southeast Florida. And that -- that's 100% leased, and we'll be doing very well. We still have another 400,000 feet of FAR [ph] at Sawgrass, and we're actively working on programs to further expand the square footage there and reconfigure it. And we're also working on a renovation of the Oasis, which is the open-air section of the property. We just added a California Pizza Kitchen, Cheesecake Factory and bringing that up. So a very powerful property, doing very well and a major focus of redevelopment efforts and capital.
David E. Simon: And I would -- I just would add. This mall will do over $100 million of EBITDA. And in the next 2 to 3 years, it'll probably be over $120 million, without the expansion, the big expansion that Rick just mentioned. So it's a beast, but don't tell anybody, okay?
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just 1 last question for Steve. In Brazil, Steve, anything new on the financing front? Anything -- oh, the capital markets there, I'm not sure if there's any new opportunities for a U.S. real estate company there.
Stephen E. Sterrett: In Brazil?
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes.
Stephen E. Sterrett: You mean in terms of raising dollars in Brazil?
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: In terms of tapping line of credit there for you -- so you could have natural hedge in anything you invest in.
Stephen E. Sterrett: No, not really. No. We really haven't made any investments yet, so -- but no.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Rosivach of Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Leonard Rosivach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But really quick on Tayo's question. So when you guys give guidance, there's kind of 2 groups. There are companies that throw in spec acquisitions that they haven't made yet, and then you have guys like the Boston Properties that just give a no-acquisition guidance. And then to the extent you get stuff done later in the year, the numbers end up going up. And is that part of why you did so well in 2012 versus your initial guidance? And for 2013, is that how you've set it up as well?
David E. Simon: Well, let me -- certainly, we did have some growth because of our investments that we hadn't planned on. But yes, let me make it clear. In 2013, we have no spec acquisitions at all. So nothing -- no spec investments.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in queue. And I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Simon for closing remarks.
David E. Simon: Okay. Well, thank you so much for your participation, and we look forward to chatting in the near future.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.
David E. Simon: Thank you.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelly J. Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David E. Simon - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Stephen E. Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Quarter 3 2012 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Julianne, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Shelly Doran, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Shelly J. Doran: Good morning, and welcome to Simon Property Group's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a detailed discussion. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe it is important to note that our call includes time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of today's date, October 25, 2012. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the earnings release or the company's supplemental information package that was included in this morning's Form 8-K. This package is available on the Simon website in the Investors section. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David E. Simon: Good morning. Our results for the quarter were excellent. Here are some highlights: FFO was $1.99 per share, up 16.4% from the third quarter of 2011. Year-to-date, FFO was almost $2.1 billion or $5.70 per share, up 14.7% over 2011. FFO once again exceeded the First Call consensus by $0.07 this quarter. For our Malls and Premium Outlets, comparable property NOI grew 4.7%. Keep in mind, our comp NOI growth in the third quarter of 2011 was 3.8%. Our comp NOI growth year-to-date was 5.3%. Tenant sales were up 9.3% to $562 per foot. Occupancy was up 80 basis points to 94.6%. Base minimum rent per square foot increased by 3.8%. The releasing spread was a positive 10.4% or $4.86 per square foot. Capital market activity. As you know, on July 20, we redeemed for cash 2 million units of our operating partnership owned by an affiliate of JCPenney at $124 per unit or share. We've been active in the secured debt markets. Year-to-date, we've closed or locked rate on 24 new mortgages totaling $2.6 billion, of which our share is $1.7 billion. The weighted average interest rate on the loans is 4.1% and the weighted average term is 8.1 years. Subsequent to quarter end, we disposed of our investment in Capital Shopping Centres and Capital & Counties Properties, generating total proceeds of approximately $327 million. Development activity. Last Friday was the grand opening of our new outlet center in Texas City. Very strong opening, 97% leased. The traffic was great on opening day with backups, long lines. Coach, Nike, Michael Kors and several other tenants have reported very strong sales numbers. Construction is underway on 5 additional Premium Outlet Centers, all scheduled to open in 2013. 2 are in the U.S.: Chandler, Arizona, which is a suburb of Phoenix; and Chesterfield, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis. One is in Canada, in Toronto. We have one in Japan and our fifth is in Busan, Korea. Our share of the development costs of these assets is expected to approximate $325 million. As you know, there have been a select few markets where competing new outlet centers have been announced or identified. This is not unusual in the long history of shopping center development, 60-plus years, as ours is a very competitive business. Rest assured, we know what we're doing. We have opened 19 Premium Outlets in the U.S. and Asia since our acquisition of Chelsea Property Group, delivering high returns and high-quality assets. We will not waver from this approach. And we shouldn't think, given our track record, that the market should overreact to a couple of competitive situations. Progress continues on our first outlet center in Brazil. Our joint venture partner is the well-respected BR Malls. We expect to start construction shortly for a November 2013 opening, which will then add to our fifth -- will bring our total of under-construction outlets to 6. Openings for next year, we have also identified a couple of other sites with BR Malls for Brazil activity. Construction is underway on 24 redevelopment and expansion projects throughout our portfolio, all with 2012 and 2013 completion dates, several of which are quite significant in size and scope. This redevelopment pipeline was identified in 2010. The scope of projects range from addition of department stores, restaurants, specialty store tenants to the redevelopment of the entire asset. We identified these opportunities very early in the recovery phase of our economy. And more than half of the projects will be completed in '12 and '13, increasing our cash flow growth. As projects are completed, a new group of redevelopment properties, which have already been identified, will take their place in the pipeline. This program is big and ambitious and impactful to our future growth, and it should not be overlooked. We also continue to strengthen our franchise assets with the addition of strong anchor tenants. Recent announced examples include Neiman Marcus at Roosevelt Field on Long Island; a new Bloomingdale's at Stanford Shopping Center, which will lead to the redevelopment of that asset; a new Nordstrom at St. Johns Town Center in Jacksonville; and additionally, a Target at Coddingtown Mall in Santa Rosa, California. We expect our share of development and redevelopment spend to approximate $1.12 billion and [Audio Gap] Rents for the shopping center segment were up 4.1% or 1.7% on a comparable basis. They are ahead of schedule on the disposition program with more than EUR 0.5 billion sold, which is above their target. And during the quarter, they completed a 7-year EUR 500 million bond issuance at 2.75% coupon. They are on track to meet their 2012 targets and their liquidity has never been stronger. Additionally, we added to the leadership team in hiring Jean-Marc Jestin as COO. He previously ran Unibail's EUR 5 billion office portfolio. Prior to working at Unibail, he was the COO of our successful Simon Ivanhoe venture. He understands our culture and our expectations. Let me turn to dividends. We announced the fifth consecutive increase in our quarterly dividend from $1.05 to $1.10. The total dividend paid in 2012 is $4.10 as compared to $3.50 per share paid in 2011. That represents an increase of 17.1%. Our dividend is now 22.2% higher than it was immediately prior to the great recession. This is the highest increase among SPG's retail REIT peers, the second-highest among all S&P 500 REITs behind public storage. Current dividend levels, as you know, for many REITs remain well below their 2008 levels. Let me turn to guidance. We increased our guidance again from a range of $7.60 per share to -- from a range of $7.60 to $7.70 per share to our current guidance of $7.80 to $7.85 per share. As you recall, our initial guidance for 2012 was $7.20 to $7.30 per share. Primary factor has been our continued strong operating performance. Our 2012 FFO is expected to be at least 21% higher than SPG's 2008 FFO immediately prior to the great recession. And this is significantly higher percentage than any of our SPG retail REIT peers. Now let me conclude. We're pleased with the strong performance. Our operating metrics at our properties remained fundamentally sound. We're producing industry-leading growth. Our investment activities year-to-date with Klepierre and Mills have been immediately accretive and additive to our franchise and also providing future growth. Our development, redevelopment activities are significant in size and scope and are delivering double-digit returns on investment. And all of this has been accomplished while maintaining an industry-leading balance sheet. We are now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes the line of Quentin Velleley.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just in terms of the outlets, I know St. Louis and Charlotte are only going to be a very small proportion of your growth assets. But given the competition that we are seeing, it feels like there could be more projects where you're competing head to head with some of the other REITs and potentially, product guys. Can you just sort of give us a sense of how many there might be out there? How many more announcements that we might see, where there are sort of these competing projects?
David E. Simon: Well, there -- look, there's potential for a couple of more of these situations to arise. I know we've got -- Quentin, we've built 19 of these since we have acquired CPG. We have been extremely successful. We're also expanding a handful of our industry-leading shopping centers. So again, I do -- we have a very good perspective of this. If we didn't think we could lease and produce quality projects, we would not do it. We have all the confidence of our track record and our team to continue to produce the results that the market, and more importantly, what I have grown accustomed to. And if there's 1 or 2 of these things that might pop up, so be it. That's the nature of real estate development for 60 years. It used to be Simon and DeBartolo competed for malls. It's not all that different. But I think we have earned the respect and the confidence of our retailer partners. And when we announce an outlet center development, we expect to lease it. And they have all the confidence in the world that we'll be able to do so. There is none that come to mind immediately on that front, Quentin. And we'll just see how the next couple of years move forward.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just in terms of the strength of your operating metrics: sales up almost 10%; leasing spreads gaining momentum, up over 10%. Is this consistent across both the malls and the outlets? Or are your Premium Outlets outperforming the malls a little?
David E. Simon: No. It's relatively consistent. The mall -- I'll turn it to Rick. But generally, the demand -- since '09, '10, the demand for the outlets has been relatively strong. What we're seeing in '11 and '12 and '13 is that the malls have caught up from the retailer base and demand for our mall activity has been very strong. Rick, do you want to add anything to it?
Richard S. Sokolov: The only thing I would add is to David's point about where all of our development dollars are going. If you look where most of the anchors are being added and most of the boxes are being added and where we're doing our redevelopments, they're in the mall portfolio, where we are having an increasing amount of demand. So it's pretty equal in terms of the momentum in the platforms.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly, Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: David, if I could actually ask Quentin's question maybe from a different angle, is -- the outlet industry development pipeline does seem bigger than ever. And rather than just the question of bumping into one another, how do you think about the risk of overbuilding in this business? Do you think it's one where metro markets can ultimately sustain 2, 3, 4 outlet centers and we just haven't scratched the surface here on new unit potential?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I can only answer from our perspective. We will not make any outlet mistakes, okay? The reason we won't is because we're the leader in the business. We have 70 Premium Outlets in the world. We have the best franchise in this business and I just know that we won't make a mistake. So I can't say the same thing for others. That's not my job to worry about what others do. Undoubtedly, there will be development mistakes made. They've been made in the lifestyle business, in the power center business, in the mall business; but they won't be made by us. And I have said this for the last year or 2, I do not think there will be as much built as people think. There's been a list of 50 potential deals that have been kicked around, and there are still going to be 3 or 4 of these things built a year, maybe, and not as much as you think. But I'm not -- it's not my responsibility to opine for others. They'll make mistakes; we won't. And we are not going to -- you can lease something, too, if you give away the building. We're not going to do that either just to get something built.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then just a follow-up for Rick. What are retailers -- I know it's a little early, but maybe telling you about their expectations for this holiday season? And I guess, how do you think that affects their unit expansion plans for 2013 and '14? Does it influence it heavily?
Richard S. Sokolov: I don't think there's much of a connection. I think people are cautiously optimistic for this holiday. I don't think they are bullish. The sales have been holding up. Consumer confidence is back above levels where it was in 2007. Studies are showing that the consumers have a higher percentage of disposable income now than they've had in the recent past. So all that augurs pretty well for the holiday. That said, I think the retailers' balance sheets, their growth plans are still very well articulated and we're still seeing pretty substantial demand. And I don't think that will be materially impacted by whether holiday sales are 1% or 2% plus or minus expectations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt, Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was wondering -- I know that you're looking at your options, but what's happening with the Del Amo asset?
David E. Simon: We are making terrific, terrific progress. And the redevelopment of that will commence in '13. I think we'll have some very positive announcements to make in the not-too-distant future. And pretty much all systems are go there. We finally turned a corner on what we want to do there and we're getting the right kind of commitments from the right retailers.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the level of activity that actually seems to be accelerating in terms of new anchor, are we still on the ascension of that? Or is that starting to plateau in terms of demand for new anchors to take new space?
Richard S. Sokolov: It is accelerating. And if you look at our announced anchor activity from quarter-to-quarter, just as an example in the 8-K we had for the second quarter, there was 69 listed and now we're at 76. And there's still a whole lot more we're working on. So we are still seeing demand in the portfolio plus all the platforms from the anchors.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And would you say the people running -- the private people fronting the malls have access to capital to accommodate maybe that increase? Or is that an advantage you still hold?
David E. Simon: I'm not sure. Say it -- we missed it.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, one of the advantages that seemed to be, that you obviously have constant access to capital to be able to pursue these kind of projects, $1 billion, it looks like, for the next 3 possible years. Are the private players able to take part into this expansion of new anchors to the same degree?
David E. Simon: No way. I mean, no, I don't think so. I mean, no. But it's more than just capital. It's operational expertise. But no, I think that's why we're able to secure these kind of commitments from these terrific retailers. So capital is part of the equation, but it's also the ability to execute and -- so I think that -- but capital clearly governs a lot of the activity. And that's why you've seen not a lot of redevelopment but essentially no new projects done by kind of the typical group of folks that might be able to have secured capital prior to the great recession.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Goldfarb, Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: First question is just going to the big picture on Pershing Square. And if you look year-to-date through August when they put out their letter, you guys were outperforming. Subsequent, you guys have been underperforming. Steve was at a conference, was very clear on what he said, but yet the stock is still underperforming. And Ackman is talking -- or media reports suggest he may launch a proxy battle next year. Is there any way for you guys to be more clear of your position so that this weight over the stock can be lifted and that you don't have to deal with it? Or is this one of these technical things and you guys just have to run your business and do the stuff that you do and there's not much that you can do with this external?
David E. Simon: Well, look, Steve speaks for the organization. And that's not to say that if we had a problem with what anybody said, we would clarify it. But Steve speaks for the organization and Steve spoke. So I don't know what else we could do other than what we've done. Additionally, just to make it clear, we have no dog in that hunt. This is a discussion between GGP, Brookfield and Pershing Square and we're focused on running our business. And there's nothing other than what I just said that I could add to that. And we hope the market understands that.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then a question for Steve. Is there an opportunity for you guys to do -- now that you're in -- you have the Klepierre and you're doing a little more stuff in Brazil and Asia, is there an opportunity to do a multicurrency offering? Or the complexities in the pricing means that just keeping it U.S.-only is more than sufficient and gives you the cheapest cost to capital?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, it's a good question, Alex. I mean, our base currency is the U.S., most of our activities are in the U.S. But as you know, we have euros outstanding on our line that are acting as part of the hedge for our equity investment in Klepierre. We could certainly raise capital in a currency like euros. That window of opportunity would be open for us.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Is that something that's attractive as you think about the next few years of growth? Or the U.S. is deep enough and with the floating rate line of credits, et cetera, that you have overseas, there's not really a need for it?
Stephen E. Sterrett: It's certainly something that we'd give consideration to, sure.
David E. Simon: I would just add, there's a lot of multinational companies that are tapping outside the U.S. to broaden their investor base.
Stephen E. Sterrett: And vice versa, Europeans that are coming here. It's not inconceivable at all.
David E. Simon: So I mean, it's not inconceivable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa, ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: David, it's a bit of a technical question. I don't know if you guys can answer it here. But when you guys look at the releasing numbers and the actual starting rents and the ending rents on Page 20 of the 8-K, those have actually been going down in just kind of absolute terms from almost $56, I guess, back in the first quarter of '11...
David E. Simon: That's just the mix. That's an absolute mix issue. That's happened historically before. And that's just a function of what properties we're rolling over.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Is that a function of the properties? I would think law of large numbers would take care of that? Or is that more a function of putting anchor deals in that might have lower rents?
David E. Simon: No. There's been no change in definition. It's just a function of the mix.
Stephen E. Sterrett: One of the other things that would be driving it, to a degree, Steve, is that over the years, the percentage of the outlet business as a percentage of our total business has been going up. And as you know, the historical occupancy costs there have been lower even with comparable sales productivity.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Right, okay. And then Steve, just a question for you. I think the -- kind of the regional costs were down fairly sharply quarter-to-quarter, second quarter to third quarter. Were those fees that were in there from, say, Klepierre? Or was there something else pushing that decline down? And is third quarter a good run rate?
Stephen E. Sterrett: No, Steve, that's just the cost side. It's just our costs were $3 million lower this quarter than a year ago. And that cost structure that flowed through in the third quarter of 2012 is a decent run rate.
David E. Simon: Well, it's a good idea, though. We should get fees for Klepierre. I like that idea. I'm not sure all of the shareholders would like that. We certainly would. But there are no fees from Klepierre.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: No. I was talking more of professional fees that maybe you guys had incurred as opposed to fees you were collecting.
Stephen E. Sterrett: No.
David E. Simon: No. I'm free of service over there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cedrik Lachance, Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: David, how many regional malls do you think will be built in Europe over the next decade? And how well positioned do you think is Klepierre in capturing its fair share of those developments?
David E. Simon: Well, I think, just like the U.S., the idea of new development in Europe has got to be reevaluated. One of the things that we're focused on in Europe is just how do you improve the yields on new and extension-oriented projects. I've always found them to be not where they should be. And so one of the things we've been working with Klepierre is to really try to drive the returns higher on anything and, primarily now going forward, it's going to be extensions. I just don't -- I just view it as the U.S. in a sense that the ultimate new projects will more than likely come from extending existing centers. There's a couple of them on the drawing board. Unibail is, I think, about to start a mall in Stockholm. We -- Jacina [ph] has got their deal in Paris. But a lot of that stuff is already -- kind of was in the pipeline. I just don't see a lot of new stuff. I think it ought to mirror the U.S. for quite some time.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then going back to the U.S., when I look at Page 31, you've got a number of outlets listed as your other properties, which I assume will probably be gone over time. And how is the market for selling lower quality outlets at this point?
David E. Simon: These are factory stores. These are so small, they are basically single unit businesses or single unit boxes that Chelsea got when they did one of their deals. These things produce like a $0.5 million of cash flow. That market is very thin, but we're slowly selling those out. But they're not -- I wouldn't even call them outlet centers. I mean, they're basically factory stores that are single-purpose buildings.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller, JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, I was wondering, could you just talk a little bit about dividend policy? I mean, the way you've been raising the dividend every quarter this year, it seems like an efficient way to do it. Is that something you plan on continuing as you move into 2013 or are you considering kind of putting in place more of a normal, increase the dividend once a year or so?
David E. Simon: Well, it's hard to say. We're in the process now of doing '13 and what our taxable income is projected to be. And the likelihood, right now, is probably to continue what we did in '12, but we're still evaluating that. We expect -- again, obviously, we have a board to deal with, but the board is constrained by our taxable income and we want to maintain our REIT status. So our taxable income is projected to be higher than what we're paying out today. So our dividend is still on that trajectory, and my guess is we might do quarter-by-quarter, but that remains to be discussed with the board.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And second, I guess kind of following up on the last question. How focused are you on asset sales at this point? And I'm thinking a little bit more on the mall side, as opposed to the smaller remaining quasi outlets?
David E. Simon: Yes. We're going to try and sell a few assets. It still is a very challenging market to do. But I think there's more and more players coming into the market. There's more and more financing that seems to be available to some of these entrepreneurs, so I would hope that we would continue to kind of get back in selling a few non-core assets like we did before kind of the financing market bottom fell out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carol Kemple, Hilliard Lyons.
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: With your new outlet you had announced last week in Charlotte, why did you all decide to go with a partner on that instead of keeping it to yourself?
David E. Simon: It wasn't our site.
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Okay. Well, that makes a lot of sense then.
David E. Simon: I think if we had the site, we probably wouldn't have partnered with anybody, but it's just not our site.
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Okay. And then with the sell of the Capital Shopping Centres securities and the Capital and Counties Properties, how much will your dividend income decrease?
David E. Simon: From that?
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Yes, from the other income component.
David E. Simon: Capital and Counties, they pay, what? 10p a year, so it's $0.01 maybe, yes.
Stephen E. Sterrett: It's kind of $0.01 to $0.02 in the aggregate, Carol.
David E. Simon: Yes. Right.
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: And how much is Capital Shopping Centres?
David E. Simon: That's all -- CapCo did not pay any dividend or if they did, it was de minimis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Harris.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Here's a questions related to your French connection, David. I won't ask it in French. A couple of weeks ago the French Industry Minister talked about raising taxes on the property sector. Now this an issue we kind of aired a couple of quarters ago, but my question is related to this. As you said there, thinking about allocating dollars either domestically or overseas, what's sort of premium do you think is justified for overseas investment to try and capture these sort of risks, which I think are implicit in allocating that dollar overseas?
David E. Simon: Well, the good news since we last talked, David, the stock is above where we bought it and the euro is above where we made our initial investment. So look, I think that the value that we got in helps to deal with those risks. Business has risk wherever it goes. We certainly have tax risk in the United States of America, if you hadn't been reading the newspapers lately, for individuals and all sorts of things. So I think, at the end of the day, there's been a lot of studies on the seek structure there and how it's helped the French treasury, and I don't expect any material change. But the point is that, in any jurisdiction that you're in -- Brazil, France, Japan, Korea, just to name a few places that we are in -- I mean, you have to underwrite what your true tax costs is, and that's got to be implicit in the returns that you want. But I think we're generating above -- we're taking -- the returns that we're generating there with the future opportunities that I think will exist in the continent, at this point, we feel comfortable with it. And I wouldn't necessarily overreact to comments here and there about what certain French authorities might do. There's been a lot of studies that supported the French seek, and I just don't see any change whatsoever on that front. They need to maintain competitive balance and there's been talk in the U.S., but we don't overreact to that as well.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Then, a couple of weeks ago, I read that Amazon is in discussions with a number of brand names. Some of those brand names are kind of -- seem to be a very big occupiers of sort of outlet space: Coach, Burberry, Ralph Lauren; and they seem to go upscale on some of these, like Prada and Gucci were also mentioned. Any thoughts as to what that might do to bricks-and-mortar demand in the outlets, which I suspect many people have not really thought of being as vulnerable as it may be if some of that business gravitates to the Internet.
David E. Simon: Well, again, I think you're -- I don't know what papers you're reading, but I'm going to start to look at your -- look, I think all of those retailers want to control their brand. So I would be really surprised if they delegated that responsibility to Amazon.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: I mean, the comment -- the article that I read, which is actually in the Financial Times, said this the hottest button issue for high-end brand retailers. And that was an independent third-party consultant, so they know a lot more than I do, I'm sure.
David E. Simon: Listen, we know these retailers very well. I would be really surprised if they were going to give up control of their brand and be umbrella-ed under an Amazon model. I just can't imagine it. They're very selective in how they deal with their outlet operations. It's got to be brand positive. It's got to fit with their wholesale accounts, very complicated equation that they have. That's why I think a number of these outlets that are being bandied about with those kind of -- in terms of the full demand will be very selective because they're just not going to go to any and all centers. And I think those retailers want to control, they want to be omni-channel, I just don't -- I just can't imagine they're going to end up delegating, losing control over that.
Operator: Our next question is from Rich Moore, RBC Capital.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Going back to that Page 31 that Cedrik was talking about, I noticed from last quarter that in the list last quarter, we had Discover Mills and Lakeforest Mall. And I think Discover was maybe...
David E. Simon: Yes. They've both been -- they -- again, they're still in TMLP, and we didn't buy all the assets out of TMLP.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Were those underwater, David? Are you giving those back to the lenders?
David E. Simon: No. Discover Mills -- I'm sorry, it's renamed.
Richard S. Sokolov: It's now Sugarloaf Mills because the marketing contract with Discover expired. So that's all that happened there.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Oh good, I was going to ask you what Sugarloaf was. Good. But I had seen that the -- is that one you're trying to sell? Is that the idea?
David E. Simon: No. It's -- we're leasing, managing it. It's on our books for nothing. It's levered, but the deal has been extended. We think over time it will get better and better, but we didn't want to buy it out of the partnership. It's no harm, no foul kind of deal.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got you. And then Lake Forest, is that the one you got rid of?
David E. Simon: Yes.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But not a sale, that was I give back to the lender?
David E. Simon: It was -- actually, it was a sale.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It was a sale. Okay, great. Then, Steve, the credit line has a balance, and it's a big credit line, but it does have a couple of billion of outstanding debt on it. Is there any plan to take that out or are you comfortable with where that's at?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, it's actually 2 credit facilities, Rich. So there's $6 billion of aggregate capacity. Someone asked earlier about the potential of raising capital in euros. More than half of the outstandings right now, EUR 1.2 billion is euro denominated and is acting as a hedge for our equity investment in Klepierre. So potentially, terming that out would be one opportunity, but we're running with $4 billion of liquidity -- or availability on our credit facility, if you will, plus another $1 billion of cash in the bank between wholly-owned and our share of JVs, so plenty above firepower, Rich.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Yes, it's sounds good, Steve. And then the Provision for credit loss, it just seems to keep shrinking. Is that a pretty good indication from you guys that the retail community, by and large, is, I guess, extremely healthy?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Certainly, receivables are low and write-offs have been also at historically low levels, and you're seeing the result of that with the lack of bad debt experience. There are always a handful of tenants, Rich, that we are monitoring and paying attention to, but the overall health of the tenant base is pretty good.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Good. And then the last thing I had was the year-end target for occupancy, Rick, I mean you guys are up their pretty high at this point. Does it actually get higher from here or are we pretty much done at the 94.5% sort of number.
Richard S. Sokolov: We're working, and I think you're still going to see a little more growth from where it is today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Spector, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to see if we could talk a little bit about the sales increases we've seen in your portfolio, the higher-end mall portfolios over the last couple of years versus, I guess, the lower sales per square foot portfolios. From where we sit, it's hard to look at the information and determine exactly what's happening here. Obviously, we've seen much lower increases in sales at the lower sales per square foot malls. So what's happening here? I mean, what do you think, over the next couple of years, what's the consumer saying? Where are they spending? Is it more the discounters? What are you seeing from your centers? Any concern here on these lower sales per square foot malls? And I'm not sure if that's below 300, below 350, below 250?
David E. Simon: Well, I'll let Rick -- I want somebody to ask Rick to list tenants, okay. If we could start at St. Louis and list all the commitments we have if you really want. So please, somebody ask Rick. Because if we don't have a call where we can't list the tenants that are doing business, we're in trouble. But let me just say this. The good news that we're seeing in the mall business is that the demand from kind of the general retailer population seems to be moving down the sales per square foot spectrum and so -- that's just the one point that I would make, and then I'll let Rick say the rest.
Richard S. Sokolov: I would point you to 2 things: One, I believe our properties are taking share in their markets. And if you look at where we're adding our anchors, to David's point, those anchors are being added across the quality spectrum within our portfolio. They are not being solely added into the higher productivity malls. And as we add anchors, we're renovating 15 properties a year, we're making our properties better. And we are, I believe, gaining share. The other thing that's going on is that higher productivity tenants will continue to outperform because they're going from a higher base, and they have higher per sales -- per foot productivity and that's going to drive overall sales. So you put those 2 things together, I think that's what's contributing to the trends you're seeing.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then shifting to the redevelopments. I guess, can you talk a little bit more about your plans over the next few years versus, let's say, I don't know, 5 or 7 years ago when lots of malls were under redevelopment. I think for different purposes, it's somewhat to defend against new competition. What's the strategy here? Is it just bottom line to -- you've saved money for a few years there during the crisis and it's time to renovate? Or are you also trying to defend against new competition or is that not really a fear?
David E. Simon: Well, look, we're economic animals here. So we -- I think, over the years, the market has seen that when we invest capital, we want a return for it. And we don't build just for the sake of building or -- but we do it with the idea that the cash flow growth from that asset will accelerate or that we'll have a return. And I would say to you the primary driver of this is that we've got great properties that we think we can make better. And the reason we can make better is because we have the retailer demand to come into that center, but we just don't have the space. Or we have space because it's a center that's been around that can be better configured to allow for a better retailer to come into the place. And if you look at our list of activity, it's all disclosed there, I mean, you're seeing it. And the good news is, I mean, our big, big projects -- the Roosevelt Field's, the Copley's, the Del Amo's, to name a few off the top of my head are still on the -- still not at the point where they're -- we're ready to go, but we're are getting very, very close on those. And that is really exciting. And I think what it allows us to do is just to take a great property and make it the place to be. And we had an outset in essentially '09 that we have this great portfolio, but we really wanted to make some of these centers iconic in nature and transform them to gain market share for the 21st century, and that's what we're doing. And as I said in my comments, the market tends to overlook this stuff. I got to tell you we're -- never been busier in this effort and the stuff that we're doing is exciting. It's transforming in on these properties. We have very good economic returns. We got a lot of resources dedicated to it. In some cases, we're drinking from the firehose that we're so busy. But the good news is we're -- stuff is coming online already for the end of this year and next year.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then before we get to the tenant side -- I'm sorry, I'm not sure if you discussed this already, but I was just curious of your view on some of the recent mall transactions pricing: Kings Plaza, Green Acres, Woodfield sale. The Woodfield, I guess, hearing high-4s, the others kind of low-5 to mid-5. What do you think about the pricing and what is this saying about the sales productivity at those malls, what that all means?
David E. Simon: We did not bid or participate in Green Acres and Kings Plaza, so I really have no comment on the pricing there. But I'd say, generally, I mean the marketplace understands the relative attractiveness of strong malls. It ebbs and flows, sometimes people overreact to potential external threats to the mall business. I will tell you that good malls, despite all of its competitive threats, including the Internet, that if they're properly run and maintained and have the exciting retailers in it, that cash flow is going to grow. I don't -- I mean, we have evidence of that in so many different places. I don't know what else to say. It doesn't surprise me that these values and this kind of low interest rate environment are there. And that's a generic statement, it's not a specific statement on any of those transactions you mentioned.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And so when we think about those transactions and the pricing, you said it is challenging to sell some of the non-core mall properties that you own. Can you just quickly say, I guess, when you say non-core, what are we talking about, sales under 250, under 300?
David E. Simon: When we sell it, you'll know it. Until that time, we're running every property as if it's our only one.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then Rick, can you talk about tenant demand and where are you seeing the most store openings?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, the tenant demand is pretty much across the platforms. We're seeing very good demand in the malls, in the mills, in the Premium Outlets. Premium Outlets, you're having a number of retailers that have, traditionally, not been in that sector, wanting to get involved in that sector in a pretty large way. And we've got some tenants coming over internationally that are getting more aggressive with their U.S. presence. And we have some brand extensions. I mean, the best example is Limited Brands PINK that started out as a sub-brand inside of the Victoria's Secret stores, and now they are very aggressively rolling that out as a free standing retail concept and it's a great retailer, with great credit, with a beautiful store. So these are the types of things that make the properties better.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Nussbaum, Simon Property Group (sic) [UBS].
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Ross from UBS. Can you talk about, David, you just said -- I thought you said you didn't participate in looking at Kings Plaza and Green Acres. Why was that?
David E. Simon: We just did not have an interest in those centers. I mean, it's not -- much to the market's surprise, we don't look at every and any deal that's out there.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Next question -- I don't know, David, if you want to take this or Steve. If I look at your expense reimbursements, which handily beat us this quarter and has been trending upwards, frankly, for 5 years now. You're now running effectively at the highest occupancy rate you've ever run at. Your expense reimbursement ratio is also as high as it's ever been. How do we think about the potential upside in your ability to capture future, I guess, an uptick in that reimbursement level and occupancy while we're at it?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, I think the way you have to think about it, Ross, is that there's been a delinking over the last 10 years between the reimbursement line and the cost line as the industry migrated to fixed CAM. So fixed CAM is now just another charge that has an annual escalator associated with it. And you can see the trends in the reimbursement revenue line there. The expense side, quite frankly, as a company, we've done a really good job over the last 4 or 5 years of wringing expenses out of the properties. They are at a low level. We've also benefited from some cyclical things like lack of snow this year and low energy costs. So you're going to need to make your assumption about where those costs are going to go in the future. But we've certainly got the benefit of a cycle that has been helpful to us, which has caused the disparity in the reimbursements and caused that recovery ratio to continue to increase.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: What percentage of your tenants are now on fixed CAM?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Over 90%.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So is it fair to say that we're now going to start seeing a leveling off in that expense reimbursement ratio versus the uptrend over the last 5 years?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, most of those tenants who are on fixed CAM have an annual escalator in that charge. And so the impact on the net recovery will be, do the expenses grow at a rate faster or slower than the aggregate recovery increase from the escalators.
David E. Simon: But the fact is, it boils down to also how we negotiate what the CAM charge is, right? So I wouldn't say necessarily it levels off, it just depends on how good we negotiate what the CAM charge is. And we'll see, I mean, when retail demand is strong, we can negotiate a better rate than when it's not.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Do the retailers look -- I mean, the way that we calculate it, you captured 113% of your operating expenses this quarter. Do the retailers say, "Hey, wait a minute. Why are we paying $1.13 for every $1 of cost?"
David E. Simon: No. No, other than -- since you're pointing it out, maybe they will now. The fact is it's a negotiation. They don't look at that. It's really a function of what sales productivity they'll generate out of that space. Our people are very focused on it, but I'd also just say this: it's also a pretty, pretty good evidence of our ability to run a big organization and take advantage of our scale. Part of the reason why we're able to drive down operating cost is because we have systems in place, we've got the procedures, we've got vendor relationships. So the fact of the matter is that retailers should not look at that. They should really look at whether or not they're getting the fair deal for their space. And our organization with its size and scale is able to really drive these costs down. That's been our model from a long, long time.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Donnelly, Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: David, just explain that extra 13% of the baggage handling or fuel surchage fees since those seem to be in vogue these days. I was curious, because last quarter I think you were talking about cap rates on B malls would be coming lower, is that a view you still hold and has there been much that you've seen to support that?
David E. Simon: Well, I think there should be more trades happening. It seems like with the financing market coming back, there should be a few more trades coming on board. And I think it will support that thesis.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm curious, where would you peg them today if you had to?
David E. Simon: I think you've got to be really careful on 6.8, 7.5. I really think it's a function of that asset and its historical cash flow and its future growth. I would be remiss to give you a number. I don't think it means anything. It really -- it's such an asset-specific basis. I will tell you, though, that the market, clearly, is paying for stability and stable cash flow. So it really depends if it has to be redone in some fashion, or is it stable, non-sexy property? That all -- it all kind of goes in, it's really real estate-specific, as it should be.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just a last question, more of a housekeeping one. Any decision on whether Copley is going to end up as a for sale or for rent project? Wholly-owned or JV'd?
David E. Simon: Still evaluating all that. Our view today, we might partner with somebody, but our view today is that it will more than likely be a rental building as opposed to when we first thought about it more of for sale. And you may do a little bit of both, but the view today is that it'll be for rental.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Actually, it's Michael Bilerman, here with Quentin. David, I want to come back just to Amazon for a second because, clearly, they've -- I think they've dropped some of the tax battles that they have and, at least in the context that I've been hearing about, they're actually even thinking about going into malls. And part of that is to open up some pop-ups, showcase the Kindle Fires, Kindle HDs, and effectively open people up, if they didn't about Amazon yet, to the shopping experience. I'm just curious whether you're sort of in contact with them, clearly, having the large mall platform that would be an easy way for them to get access in distribution. So how are you thinking about involving them?
David E. Simon: Well, look, Amazon is an absolute fantastic company, a force. I think if you talked to Mr. Bezos, he would tell you that there's a role for the way he sells goods. But there's also -- I think he'd be the first to say that there's a significant role for how we sell our -- present our retailers' products. Ultimately, though, I'm sure they'll, at some point, converge. The retailers are certainly converging. We are seeing more and more retailers ship out of stores, have pick-up out of stores and that seems to be a trend, aggressively, that they're doing which I think is very beneficial for us, the mall owner in that if you can pick up or ship out of stores, returns happen, additional visits happen and they -- it helps them on their cost because they don't have to put the extra resources in distribution facilities. So we would expect that trend to continue and I would say, look, we're -- if Amazon or anyone else wanted to talk to us about how to create benefit for our consumer, we'd certainly have an open mind. But to your specific point, I have not heard that they want to own any physical, or operate any physical stores. So we have not heard that.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess if you think about -- you talk about the tenants being able to ship out of the store, pick-up in store, have those started now? As that percentage increases -- and I don't know how those sales are tracked. I assume they're not tracked to the store level which means...
David E. Simon: They are. They are tracked to the store level, absolutely.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So you're going to get percentage rents and effectively drive your rental income. It's not becoming a point of contention between you and the tenant, the fact that they'll may be...
David E. Simon: Sure, it's going to be a discussion, but we're going to hold firm on it. But sure, no, it will be a discussion just like, unfortunately, everything in the lease document. But no, we would expect to be very, very firm, just like they can't offset returns against it if they buy it from -- it's not generated from that store in the first place. So that will be something to discuss, but our view of that is pretty straightforward and we expect over time that, that will be customary.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is a question for Steve. So you look at guidance today, $7.80 to $7.85, relative to $7.35, $7.50 when you announced Klepierre and Mills. So let's call it a midpoint increase of $0.40. It's about $145 million of FFO. Can you just -- I don't know if you have this analysis, but can you just breakout maybe the big components of that $145 million? Where you're getting it from? What's coming in better than expectations? Perhaps how much is better -- Klepierre performing better than you originally underwrote, just to give us a sense of what's been driving the significant increase over the course of the year?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Mike, I'd give you 2 or 3 thoughts. Sales have remained very robust, more so than we would have anticipated 9 months ago. That has led to higher percentage rents. The fact that sales are higher also has to have a second derivative effect on leasing, so that would all be rolled in there. The cost environment has remained very muted. And so to one of the earlier questions, recovery ratios would be a little higher. And then, we would have assumed that borrowing costs would have gone up a bit. They have not. And even though we've decreased our exposure to floating-rate debt from 16% down to 10%, we have benefited from a lower interest rate environment. I think those would be the 3 or 4 big things.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Klepierre is not driving any bit of -- an increase at all?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, Michael, the Klepierre transaction was accretive. We told you it was accretive at the time of the acquisition. I think David mentioned in his prepared remarks, it's performing exactly as we thought it would.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then I don't know if Matt is there or not, in the room, is he?
Stephen E. Sterrett: He is not.
David E. Simon: No.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm just curious maybe, David, on your take, Matt's been there now 4 months. Sort of what -- clearly you've liquidated capital shopping centers in capital counties, I don't know if that was his decision. I mean, I know you've been frustrated that -- with the ultimate transaction that occurred last year and...
David E. Simon: The buck stops here, brother.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: No, no, I know. I just -- what has Matt -- what has happened over the last 4 months? What has he brought to the organization? Are you looking at...
David E. Simon: Well, look, he's -- there is going to be a lot of opportunities for this company. And given the amount of activity that we already have with our existing asset base, we just -- we needed a thoughtful pair of hands to help in all of the stuff that we're doing. So he's got ideas and he's looking at all sorts of things, both domestically and internationally. And I'd say, Steve and I, who have the most exposure to him, have been very pleased with what he's contributed and he's got -- he's looking at all sorts of things, which I think, over time, will do some things and that will be helpful to our -- the company's profile. So you know what? The bottom line here is, there's not one deal that we need to do, period. End of story. And we are -- what we really need to do, if I had to tell you what we really need to do is, we really have to execute at the highest level on our redevelopment and development pipeline. That's what we've really got to do. And that's why we brought Contis on board, because we needed -- given the volume of activity, we needed a really -- someone that could really help in that effort, and he's already done that and he's been instrumental, I think, finally, in getting the llama where it is. We've got a great outlet team and they're executing, but Rick and I have to sit on them and prod them and poke them. And then, Goodman, with The Mills, is doing a very good job. And I think you've seen the performance there. So the bottom line is, the one thing we've got to do is, we got to execute our redevelopment pipeline. That's huge. The deal business, if it ain't a good deal, I'm not doing it. It's that simple. And that's why, if we don't do another deal and Matt's here for 3 years before he does a deal, it's okay with me because we're only going to do deals that make sense for this company. But he's a good -- he's a great set of eyes. He's a breath of fresh air. He's younger because we've got some older guys, so it's always good to have a younger guy. He's a nice guy, fits in well with the team and he'll pick up and he'll go to faraway places at a moment's notice and that's helpful. And he represents the company well.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just one last one for Rick. You have a bunch of these retailers, Walmart, Target, Best Buy, all effectively saying we'll price match relative to Amazon and online. What's your expectation as owning these assets, what potentially could be happening to a shopping experience during the holiday season in guarantees like that?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, to the extent that they are going to be aggressively pricing, that can only help increase traffic to our properties and increase our sales. So to that degree, that will be helpful. I will tell you that, like a Walmart and a Best Buy, our exposure to those retailers is relatively low. I mean, all our retailers are more positioned in the moderate to better price points and it's not a commodity product. As David said earlier, each of these retailers are very jealous about their brand and their brand equity and protecting their brand, and pricing strategy is part of that. So -- but to the extent that our property and our retailers are going to be more competitive price-wise, that can only enure to our benefit in terms of increased traffic and sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya, Jefferies and Company.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I hope I didn't miss this earlier because I've done a whole bunch of calls, but did you talk about Charlotte, North Carolina at all and how, ultimately, you envision that market to evolve? Specifically, I wanted to know if you feel both competing projects can be built? And what the potential impact to Concord Mills may be?
David E. Simon: Well, yes, we did talk about it briefly. Yes, at the end of the day, my guess is only one will get built there. And it -- there will be a competition of which one gets built, but I don't anticipate -- you've got 2 very experienced -- 3 for that matter, very experienced outlet developers in Charlotte. You've got Tanger, you've got us and Paragon. So I think, at the end of the day, it will be a competition to who gets the retailers, and the experience will ultimately dictate that somebody will get the project and somebody won't, and there'll be one built. And I don't think, given where the locations of both are, I don't think it'll have -- if you know Charlotte, I don't think it's going to have an impact on Concord Mills at all. If it does, it will have a marginal one.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then one other thing, just when I take a look at your geographic footprint, I think the one thing that always strikes me is your minimal presence in kind of like the highly dense urban cities, like New York, for example. And I'm just curious, is that just a strategic thing with the company, is that you just don't like those markets? Or do you to continue to kind of look for opportunities to get into some of those markets, given that assets in those markets, they generally tend to perform pretty well?
David E. Simon: I don't know. I mean, in New York, we got Westchester, Woodbury Commons. We're redeveloping Nanuet and IAC, New York. In Long Island we've got Roosevelt Field, Smith Haven, Walt Whitman, which we've all redeveloped or are under redevelopment. New Jersey, we got a number of properties in New Jersey. So are we in Brooklyn? The answer is no. And -- but, like I said, that's fine for us, we've got plenty to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan, Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'm just curious about what you think about the JCPenney's shop-in-shop model and the competitiveness of what they may be trying to do with the in-line space in the malls adjacent to their stores?
David E. Simon: Well, Rick and I visited the prototype store -- when? At the end of August?
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes, a couple of months.
David E. Simon: Yes. So look, I thought it was impressive. And I think it's got a real potential there to be something that we'd love to see as an anchor to our centers, in terms of driving traffic. When you talk to the folks that -- like a Sephora that are in Penney and are in the mall, they view it as 2 different shoppers and it really does not affect how they think about it. And it really gives them an opportunity, probably to go to some markets where they're too small for them to have an individual store. So I think it's beneficial. I think it will be -- it won't be an overly competitive scenario and hopefully it'll drive traffic to Penney, which will drive traffic to the mall.
Richard S. Sokolov: And the only thing I would add is, if you look at the department store construct, what we have found is there are a number of our full-price retailers that have wholesale businesses within the department stores. And that's a very good source to us of new lease opportunities because if they open in a department store, do business, they see there is market there, and they will now come to us and then say, "We want to open a full-line store because we're missing sales that are going on in the mall," as opposed to just in that store.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I mean, so would that -- I mean, how do you think in the context of some of those comments about, something like the Finish Line and Macy's deal? I mean, that's a retailer who would be in a lot of the malls already and is going into 450 or so of their stores?
Richard S. Sokolov: We've had that conversation with Finish Line and their view is, and we agree with it, is that it's going to be a different shopper. It's just going to expand their footprint and expose themselves to a shopper that was, otherwise, not going to be available for them in their mall stores.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then my other question is just on the same-store NOI. You've got, I guess, $7 billion or so of NOI that is in the non-comparable pool. I mean, a lot of that, I guess, is the community and lifestyle business. But is there -- do you have a rough sense of kind of what that would do if you were to include a lot of the -- what you exclude, that is still a same, kind of a same thinner number, if you were to include that in your same-store NOI growth, what it would be?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, Paul, the things that -- the comp center NOI growth is for our malls and our outlets only. So Mills, as an example, is not in there. Although the growth rate of Mills has been at or higher...
David E. Simon: It would only -- Mills would only improve it.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: But it doesn't have the community centers either, does it?
Stephen E. Sterrett: It does, but that's a small part. That's a $150 million annual EBITDA on a $4 billion base.
David E. Simon: Yes, that's a very small part. But the comparable -- for the Premium and Outlets, the comparable portfolio is 218...
Stephen E. Sterrett: 216 properties. That is a big pool.
David E. Simon: 216. So it's a big pool. It's not like 10 or 15. It's 218 on the outlets out of a total of -- when you add those 2 up -- I don't have it off the top of my head, but the outlets and the...
Stephen E. Sterrett: It's like 60-plus outlets and...
David E. Simon: Well no, just in the U.S. though.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Oh. Just in the U.S.
David E. Simon: Yes. So anyway, in any event, it's the vast majority of our portfolio. Again, we're only taking out like the deals that are under construction or where we're...
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, and then just last question on the rent spreads. It's a little bit hard to compare going back to the past because you changed your -- you changed to reporting gross spreads. But where are we now versus the types of numbers that you would have reported sort of in '05, '06, when your base rent spreads we're 20%, 25%. I mean, how -- if you were to think about, just in terms of kind of your negotiation leverage and kind of the type of mark ups you're able to get, even though we don't see those numbers historically, where are we today?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, I think, Paul, one of the things that's changed is that, as an example, over the last several years, we've gone to annual escalators in minimum rent as well. The number we give you is an ending cash rent to a beginning cash rent of the new lease. But the fact is, because we're getting many more annual escalators in our rent streams now, you're comparing a bit of an apple and an orange, if you try to go back and look at it 5 or 6 years ago.
David E. Simon: Yes. I would just say this, though. The -- going from pro rata to fixed, you're not going to see much of a bump there, right? Because if it's -- if the tenant was paying $15 pro rata, you can't suddenly say, well, I'm going to charge you $18 fixed. They may give you a little bit because it takes out the equation. So when you add that in there, you're going to see a lower spread, but it's mostly driven by the rental spread.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So is 10% about what we should expect. I mean...
David E. Simon: Yes. Yes, sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Isbee, Stifel Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: As the focus turns now -- starts to turn now to '13, you've had the close-to-5% growth, same-store growth in '12. Given what you've seen from leasing done already for '13 with almost full occupancy, how should we think about the '13 growth? Is it conceivable to think that the growth could match or even accelerate from where we've gone in '12?
David E. Simon: We'll let you know as soon as we finish our '13 budget. I will say this, Nate. One of the things you have to keep in mind with our top NOI numbers is, we've been, again, I mean, the vast majority of our portfolio in the U.S. is comp. I mean, It's 80%, 90%. 90%, if I had the numbers right. So we've also -- so we don't -- it's deep portfolio, so just to underline that. But the other point I'd say to you is, if you look back in '10 and '11, importantly, we were growing our comp NOI portfolio where some of our peers had big decreases or were flat. So you have to keep that mind in perspective in terms of how you look -- I mean, it's great to have -- just take a retailer, when they post negative 10% comp NOI or -- I'm sorry, sales, and then the next year it's up 5%, you got to go back to the minus 10% to look at what plus-5% means. We have been growing our comp NOI. We were flat in '09, we had positives in '10. We had positives in '11, industry-leading positives. 90-some-odd percent of our 220 U.S. mall and outlet portfolio is in that number, and so you just have to put that in context. But the fact is, I'm not going to answer your question until -- we will at the beginning of next year.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: All right. And then you've made a big push on today's call to highlight the redevelopment, the $1 billion a year over the next few years. We've heard from some players that there's been a change of tone from Sears in terms of store closures and store sales. As you contemplate the $1 billion a year, is that assuming a pretty static environment with Sears? And if that changes for you and Sears, would you say that, that $1 billion a year could go up significantly?
David E. Simon: Yes. The yes being that, if we were suddenly to buy a bunch of Sears stores, that number would go up. Yes, a couple of them may be -- the redevelopment may take a different form because now, if you had the Sears store back, you would do something different than you might otherwise do. But I think, Nate, that's right. That number would go up if we suddenly saw a lot of Sears activity.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Would you say that the tone of conversations with Sears has changed?
David E. Simon: Not really. Not really.
Richard S. Sokolov: No, I think that we're continuing to have our conversations with them and it's been pretty consistent over the last months.
David E. Simon: I mean, I do think, as you mentioned, Nate, I mean, I do think they'll sell stores. But they're -- it's not going to be -- that they have 800 mall stores, if I last remember. I mean, it's not going to be -- you're going to see 200 mall stores sold. I mean they're going to sell a handful here and there, I think.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: No, but if you can get 30 or 40, I mean that could take...
David E. Simon: Sure. No, I agree. I'm just saying. But I don't -- I was really talking about your broader Sears question. I don't see a big change in their selling a lot of stores. A couple of here and there.
Richard S. Sokolov: I think it's important to emphasize, they're still very focused on running a retail business. And that's their business and all of our conversations with them are certainly grounded by that underlying premise, that they are an ongoing, viable retailer looking to get better and increase their market share.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Have you seen them more willing to cut the store, give you back half?
Richard S. Sokolov: They're analyzing their business. They're doing a lot of things internally with their business. And we are just continuing to have conversations with them to see how we make that box in our centers as productive as they can be, both under their ownership and if they decide they want to talk to us about something, obviously, we're here.
David E. Simon: Just for those that are still on and interested, which we appreciate -- our comparable U.S. outlets and malls for this quarter was 216 out of 220. Not included were a couple of malls that are going through major redevelopment: Walt Wittman in Keystone and then with Merrimack opening in Silver Sands. That was the only 2 outlets that we weren't in it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Yang, Evercore Partners.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: David or Rick, I think you commented earlier on seeing increasing retailer demand at some of your lower sales per square foot malls. So I was just wondering if you can maybe elaborate a bit. Kind of how far down the sales per square foot spectrum? What those occupancy costs look like? Are there maybe any preferred geographies for these retailers as well?
Richard S. Sokolov: In terms of geography, no. But you've got a number of retailers that are growing, that have basically staked out a more moderate consumer and they have a strategy to serve that consumer and they're doing it very well. And we are doing an increasing amount of business with them across a broader swath of our portfolio.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I mean, but is there a tipping point in sales where they won't look at malls that do less than maybe $350 a foot? Or do they go as far down as...
David E. Simon: No, it all depends on the market and the real estate. It's not really a function of the $322 or $371. I mean, it's really -- whether they think they can do business and make money --
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay and then just final one. Do you ever envision a time in the near future where maybe you can get some better NOI growth out of the B malls over your A malls, given obviously the rents are higher in the A's, the occupancy levels are higher in the A's? I mean, do you think that is something that we'll see any time soon?
Richard S. Sokolov: You mean changing the operating trends from the B's accelerating higher than the A's?
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Yes. Basically getting better growth, more growth out of the B's rather than the A's.
Richard S. Sokolov: I wouldn't want to categorize it by quality. Certainly, where we have done things in a number of our properties to reposition them, we've seen growth rates commensurate with that capital expended. It's a property-by-property analysis.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to David Simon for closing remarks.
David E. Simon: Okay. Thank you so much for your questions and your interest. And we will talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you for your participant in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelly J. Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David E. Simon - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Stephen E. Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division John P. Kim - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2012 Simon Property Group Conference Call. My name is Cosmic, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Shelly J. Doran: Good morning, and welcome to Simon Property Group's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a detailed discussion. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe it is important to note that our call includes time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of today's date, July 24, 2012. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the earnings release or the company's supplemental information package that was included in this morning's Form 8-K. This package is available on the Simon website, in the Investors section. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David E. Simon: Okay, thanks. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased with our strong results for the quarter, and I'll just go through some highlights. First of all, funds from operation was $1.89 per share, up 14.5% from the second quarter of 2011. Our FFO exceeded the First Call consensus by $0.08 per share. For the malls and the Premium Outlets, our comparable property NOI grew 5.1%. Comp NOI growth in the second quarter of 2011 was 3.5%, so a very healthy trend. Tenant sales were up 9.9% to $554 per foot. Occupancy was up 60 basis points to 94.2%. Average rent per square foot increased by 3.7%, and the releasing spread was a positive 10% or $4.77 per square foot. On the capital market side, on June 1, as you know, we completed a new $2 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that supplements our existing $4 billion revolver, resulting in $6 billion of total capacity. The facility matures 2016 with a 1-year extension option at the same rate as our other facility, which is LIBOR plus 100 basis points. In the secured market, we've been very active year-to-date. We have closed a lock rate on 17 new mortgages, totaling approximately $1.9 billion, of which our share of that debt is $1.3 billion. The weighted average interest rate on the loans is 4.3%, and the term is 7.5 years on the average term. And last Friday, we redeemed 2 million units of our operating partnership owned by an affiliate of JCPenney at $124 per unit or share. On the acquisition side, June 4, we acquired a 50% interest in Silver Sands Factory Stores, a large and highly productive upscale outlet centered in Destin, Florida. The 450,000-square foot center generates sales of approximately $500 per square foot. We've assumed leasing and management duties, and in the coming months, it will be re-branded as a Premium Outlet Center. Development activity is very strong. First of all, we grand opened Merrimack Premium Outlets, a large outlet center in Merrimack, New Hampshire on June 14. Strong opening. We're 99% leased, great-looking center. Construction continues on 5 additional Premium Outlet Centers, all scheduled to open this fall or in 2013. They're located in the U.S., Canada, Japan and Korea, clearly demonstrating the global nature of our company in our Premium Outlet platform. First of all, 2 in the U.S. are in Texas City, suburb of Houston, which opens this fall; and then Chandler, Arizona, a suburb of Phoenix, which will open next year. We're continuing construction in Toronto, which opens next year. Another outlet center in Japan, which will be our ninth, near the airport outside of Tokyo; and Busan, our third Premium Outlet Center in Korea. We started construction on July 11 at St. Louis Premium Outlet Centers. We announced the strong lineup of tenants and are opening this plant for the fall of 2013. Progress is being made under our agreement to develop Premium Outlet Centers in Brazil with BR Malls. And importantly, construction is underway on 25 redevelopment expansion projects at the mall, Premium Outlet and Mills platforms in the U.S. and 2 Premium Outlets in Japan, all with 2012/2013 completion dates. We continue to expect our share of the development and redevelopment spend to approximate $1 billion this year, next year and 2014. Let me just turn to Klepierre and give you a quick update. As you know, we bought 54.4 million shares or 29% of the French public company in March. They are the largest -- second largest owner of retail assets in Continental Europe, with assets valued at EUR 16.2 billion. They will be announcing their earnings later today. Their business has been remarkably stable considering the turmoil in Europe. They have made excellent progress in refinancing debt, selling assets and creating additional liquidity. And I have been very involved in the development of their future strategic direction. As they accomplish their goals, there's no doubt in my mind that they will be poised to take advantage of future growth opportunities. Turning to dividends. As you now know, we have announced the fourth consecutive increase in our quarterly dividend from $1 per share to $1.05 per share. Our dividend is now 31% higher than it was a year ago and well above our previous all-time high before the onslaught of the great recession. I'm happy to announce that we've increased our 2012 FFO guidance again. Initially, as you'll recall, we were at $7.20 to $7.30 per share. Our new guidance now is $7.60 to $7.70 per share. Primary factors contributing to this are strong operational performance and the impact of our recent investment activity. Now just to highlight another important factor in what's happening with the company, we continue to add to our very talented management group. As you know, in 2011, we added Contis to our mall platform, Fivel, to help us in our legal and deal business. And obviously, I'm very pleased to announce the most recent addition many of you know, Matt Lentz. Matt is our Chief Investment Officer, which is a new position in our organization. He brings a great and extensive, broad real estate background both from a bricks-and-mortar point of view but also from a securities point of view, also very been involved in reviewing many international opportunities in his previous roles. He'll focus -- his job will primarily assist myself and others in the management group in pursuing strategic growth opportunities for the company. And Matt's first day on the job was, in fact, yesterday, and as far as I know, he's still here. But actually, his wife is about to give birth, so I hope he's not at the office. Concluding, let me just say last second quarter, I addressed the unfair advantage that the Internet retailers have in not being required to collect sales and use tax on remote sales. I believe our efforts and others have made significant progress at the state level, but our tenants need Congress to act to level the playing field on a national level. In the past year, the Marketplace Equity Act was introduced by a bipartisan group of senators, and similar legislation has been introduced in the House to address the inequality in today's marketplace and level the playing field between bricks-and-mortars and online retail business. We support these proposals. We'll continue to be very focused on making this happen, and we appreciate all -- everybody's support in showing their strong support of this very important legislation. So with that said, we can turn it over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Mr. Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: David, just going to the JCPenney for a second, $1.24 [ph] is certainly below where you guys are trading. Just want to get a little more color on one, who approached who first, and two, just want to try and understand why someone would take $124 versus where your stock is trading in the open market.
David E. Simon: Well, look, let's just say we have a strong relationship with Penney. They're a very important retail partner of ours. I know -- Rick and I know Mr. Johnson, and we also know very well members of the board. So I'm not going to get into the particulars, but just so you understand, I mean, the unit holders have the ability to convert their units on a one-for-one basis for common shares. And we view it essentially as common stock equivalents because, obviously, they can convert it on a one-for-one basis. When they do that, then they -- we have the option to give them fully diluted stock or cash, and it was through that discussion that we negotiated the deal. And I'm very convinced it's a great opportunity for the company, and I think it met Penney's strategic goals in terms of their focus on what they're trying to do with their business. So we're pleased with the transaction, and beyond that, there's not much to add to it, Alexander.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then on Brazil, Equity International sold their stake in BR Malls. Just curious if you guys took a look at buying their stake or if there's any discussion around that.
David E. Simon: Well, we've looked at a lot of things with BR Malls. We've looked at a lot of things in Brazil. The good news is we're very close to approving our first outlet there, which will start construction here potentially within the next 30 to 60 days and open -- it's outside of So Paulo, and open late next year. That's not in this list that I've described to you, but it is moving a pace and I expect that to -- I expect that to happen, and I think we'll get our first outlet center built and open next year. So we're pleased we're making very good progress on that.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And just a final question just with the recent economic data. Has there been any change in the conversations with tenants? Are they still full steam ahead in terms of leasing space in their program this year, next year and further out?
Richard S. Sokolov: Alex, this is Rick. There really has not been any change. They are still coming in and aggressively looking for new opportunities across all the platforms.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mr. Ross Nussbaum from UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you guys talk about the dynamics that you're seeing in the department store sector as you look ahead to next year? Obviously, you've got one big transformation going on at JCPenney and then you've got another different type of situation over at Sears. At what point do you guys -- or do you believe there's still needs to be some rationalization in terms of the number of boxes that are out there?
David E. Simon: Well, I put Penney in a completely -- Rick and I put Penney in a completely different category than Sears. I mean, Penney is very focused on delivering value to their customer. They have a very talented management team. We expect -- obviously, they are going through a transformation. But we expect Penney to be a viable mall anchor in a fashion that they have been historically. Sears is a little bit different. I mean, the fact of the matter is Sears needs less space. I think we've touched on this the last time. Sears needs less space than what they currently have, and I think there'll be ongoing discussions with us and Sears and the other mall people that will rationalize that space, creating opportunities for both the landlord and Sears. I really, really would not lump them in together. They're 2 different companies on 2 different paths. And at the end of the day, look, it's going to be -- Sears will be a lot of work, but we feel confident as they probably reduce some of their space that that will ultimately benefit us in the long run. Rick, anything you want to add?
Richard S. Sokolov: I would just add if you look at today's landscape in the department store universe, their equity, their balance sheets, their credit profiles are all dramatically better than they were just a few short years ago. You have Lord & Taylor that's been recreated into a very viable and aggressive growth vehicle. Dillard is very well situated. Macy's is well situated. Carson's has a new leadership and great financial upward trajectory. So candidly, we're in a better position now than we have been, and with no new development, these stores are maintaining their existing stores because they want to really enhance their top line.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And the second question is -- and I've gotten this question over the past couple of days from some of your investors. Does the hiring of Matt reflect in any way a signal that you intend to accelerate your international expansion, or is it more of a reflection that you just needed another body or 2 in the door given everything you've got going on?
David E. Simon: Well, it's really a function of what we've got going on. I mean, we -- believe it or not, this is a big company, and just like -- I am never satisfied with the portfolio and where we've taken the company. I'm always going to try and add talent to the organization. I've known Matt a long time. We talked on and off. We wanted to fill this position, lost probably in late '08 and then the world ended, so we put it on a back burner because we said, well, we're going hunker down. I just think there's so many opportunities for this company. It's very important to continue to add talent, another pair of hands, another deep thinker. He fits in great with the team. So to me, it was a no-brainer. And we'll take it wherever it goes, wherever we think we should invest. Who would have thought we would have bought our stock at $124 3 months ago? But that's -- we saw an opportunity. Who would have thought we would have invested internationally 4 months ago, get paid? I'm getting paid. Most people pay for options. I'm getting paid as I think about that company as optionality. What do I mean by that? If you look at the cash flow that we'll get from their dividend against the cost that it took both in equity and debt, we're going to get paid $55, plus or minus, million a year to decide what we want to do with that stake. That's a good spot to be in. There's not many malls you can build that can generate $55 million of cash flow. So having another guy to think these things with our team, I think, is exciting. I also think it -- with David and Steve, we hired Larry Krema to run our HR group. I think it also demonstrates that this company is a neat place to work and be part of.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt from Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The pace of outlet development, it actually seems as high as it's ever been. I'm wondering if that's sustainable going forward in 2014 and 2015?
David E. Simon: On the new development or the redevelopment?
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The new development.
David E. Simon: I still think the full-price new development still is not -- it's still a ways away, even though there are a couple announced ones here and there. The outlet business still has some pockets, but again, I think we discussed the last time. I mean, I don't -- I know there's all these ones that are being bandied about, but I think it's going to be harder to do. So I think pure new development is still going to be a little bit -- still be less than everybody thinks. The redevelopment, though, has the potential to really pick up, and that's where -- thankfully, between Rick and Contis, that's where a big, big focus is. That has, Craig, a little bit of potential to do more than what we're doing. But Rick, you can add to that thinking.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes. Just on the outlet side, right now, it's being driven by explosive demand among a number of tenants that are not in the business that want to get in the business. And I don't want to lose sight of the fact that this demand is going to help our existing portfolio dramatically and that you're seeing that in our result. There's got to be a finite end to the arc of new development. There's a limited number of new opportunities. On the redevelopment side, when David articulated, I believe it was last year or the year before, our redevelopment program, we identified some for you. Literally, 3 quarters of them are under construction right now, and we're in the process of reloading that pipeline with the next wave of opportunities. So there's a lot going on, and if you look in the 8-K, we're producing low double-digit yields on those, which, on a risk-adjusted basis, are even better than they are on just a return basis, which are terrific in and of themselves.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess when I look at your portfolio, you have between Westbury -- Woodbury, Orlando, San Marcos, centers that are at 700,000 square feet and larger. Is there the capacity in your portfolio to take some as large as that?
David E. Simon: I think that it's in the outlet side. That's still going to be few and far between. I mean, we're making Orlando bigger. We're making Vegas bigger. We're making Desert Hills bigger. But these are, I hate using this word, but iconic outlets. Those will all be bigger. Those are all -- Seattle's getting bigger. Chicago will get bigger. So these are all -- that is probably underappreciated opportunity for this company. Just like -- Craig, I mean, people talk they're going to do this, they're going to do that. People are focused on a company having this particular lease here and there. We've got 5 outlets under construction. We just opened one. So people talk about, well, we're about to or hoping to lease the space. Hello, we got 5 under construction, so...
Richard S. Sokolov: And you just mentioned expansions of many of the best outlet centers in the United States.
David E. Simon: Right. And that coupled. So there is a lot to what we're doing. That's why we have great here.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: We saw a report that Bank of America is not renewing its deals to keep their ATMs in Simon Malls this year. Because of that or for other reasons, do you expect any material changes in your ancillary income?
David E. Simon: No. In fact, we've already replaced them with another operator. That's been in the works for, really, a couple of years. No big deal. Yes, I was surprised it got the press, but no big deal.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then also, you reported land sale gains of over $6 million. Could you tell us who you sold that land to?
David E. Simon: Yes, I don't have it in front of me, but...
Richard S. Sokolov: We sold a piece of land in Northwest Houston for a supermarket right next to our Houston Premium Outlets, and that was a pretty substantial gain.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Cedrick Lachance from Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Just going back on outlets, in regards to Silver Sands, you got a loan there from the bank at a rate under 4%. Can you give me a sense of the appetite for mortgage financing in the outlet space at this point?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes, Cedrik, most of our portfolio in the outlet business, because it's wholly-owned, is unencumbered. But where we have shown the products to the mortgage market, whether it's the banks or the life companies, I think they recognize the quality and the stability of the cash flow, so I think about Philadelphia Premium Outlets, we had a mortgage on. We just got some financing on the -- we've got a construction/mini firm on Toronto at very attractive pricing. So it's a very attractive, very viable product for that market.
David E. Simon: Yes, I mean -- and I would just say, Cedrik, throw that in for the Mills projects, too. I mean, we're -- some of these are locked out, but the ones that are open and the ones that we bought out of the TMLP are extremely financeable, and that financing rivals any A mall that there is out there as well.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: And just going back a little bit, looking at the big picture, where do you see the most fertile ground for investments today? Is it primarily in publicly traded companies, or is it in malls or outlets that are owned privately?
David E. Simon: Well, that's a tough one, Cedrik, to be honest with you. At this point, I would probably say that outside the opportunity that we saw at Klepierre, it's probably the private deals that we see as the most -- the biggest opportunity primarily because the private owners are going to have a much more difficult time to get financing and/or the private individuals that may want to monetize their business for whatever reason or their asset for whatever reason. I would say that's probably the biggest opportunity that we see, though it doesn't rule out that eventually, there may be some more public opportunities. But I would say to you as we think about what we're looking at, they tend to be more private-oriented, and it's either financing issues or state issues or whatever that's driving the need to do it. Now philosophically, we will not -- we don't rarely -- and I don't blackline everything, but we don't participate in bidding when -- if there's a banker or a broker and it says, "Bids are due at 2:00 p.m. Please send in your letter." We don't do that. I mean, I can't remember the last deal that we did where we'll participate in an auction. I mean, we just don't do it. We don't need to do it. We have no interest in doing it. So these are people that want to do business with us, and then we -- it doesn't mean that they're not represented by bankers or whatever, but those bankers know that if there's an auction, they can send it to the next mall guy. We're not going to play.
Operator: The next question is from David Harris from Imperial Capital.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: On the appointment of Matt Lentz, how much experience has Matt acquired outside of public securities over the years?
David E. Simon: He's had -- he used to be a broker. He's been in the bricks-and-mortar business, so I think it's pretty good. I mean, we've got a group here that any -- not that I think there's any holes there, but we've got a lot of guys here that know about bricks-and-mortar that will help him.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Will his compensation details be made public?
David E. Simon: I believe it'll be whatever this -- I can't keep track of all the rules, but I think he will be one of the...
Stephen E. Sterrett: He'll be a named executive officer.
David E. Simon: Yes, I think he'll be a Form 4, 5 -- I don't know. Whatever the rules are, he'll be part of the rules.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: So that will be in next year's proxy?
David E. Simon: Potentially. I'm not going to guarantee it because I really don't know.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Then turning to Klepierre, if I'm doing my numbers right, it sounded like you were down about $200 million on your investment here, about half is the stock depreciation and half is FX. You did put in $1 billion against $2 billion gross investment by way of a hedge, by way of your -- I think it was a credit line facility. Have you expanded that or hedged your position against the currency any more since then? I mean, it looks like all the risks are to the downside, David.
David E. Simon: Yes, well, David, look, we don't -- I don't think about -- the good news about -- for the investors is I actually think about the real estate long term, not quarter-to-quarter. So yes, the euro is down a little bit. The stock, we did buy it at a premium to where it was trading. That gap has been closed. In fact, it's been up since -- where we bought it. We kind of look at where we bought it versus the net asset value, and we still think the net asset value is higher than when we bought it. I'm not going to panic about the euro. It's a good portfolio. It's stable. You'll see the results later today. So to me, this isn't -- it's not a quarter-to-quarter gain. So that's of no concern to me, no consequence to me. But we did increase our hedge, and we're about 60-some percent hedged. We did that before even the latest euro depreciation. But I think the other point is that -- and if I could put it in real estate context, the real question is what happens in the principal. But this is not -- we didn't do this based upon short-term trading patterns. But if you look at the dividend and our cost of financing, just a simple -- go back, you know real estate, right?
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: A little, just a little.
David E. Simon: Cash on cash returns. We're going to get roughly, and this is even with the lower currency, we're going to get $55 million added cash flow while we decide whether we love this company, we want to maintain our investment, whether -- who knows what we do with this investment. But the fact of the matter is we're getting paid while we help make it a better company, which we're doing today. And I think about what it takes to build $55 million of additional cash flow, and I think it's a good trade. But look, the proof will be in the pudding. We'll see.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Another question on Klepierre. Since the election of Hollande, there have been a raft of tax changes, including increases in the dividend tax. Have any of these prompted you to recalculate your pro forma after-tax returns?
David E. Simon: No, no. None of those at this point will have an impact on us.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan from Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: On the sales growth trends that have been continuing to impress, I mean, maybe you could answer a little bit of the composition of it. I mean, clearly, they're above what a lot of retailers are reporting on a portfolio-wide basis. So I mean, how much of the increase is a same-tenant basis versus sort of shifts in the mix within the mall? And then maybe on a trend basis, kind of how is the tourist spending side of your portfolio going?
Richard S. Sokolov: Let me unpack that a little bit. One, the tourist aspects of the portfolios are still very strong. We're still seeing a lot of activity from a number of the tourism groups, but the only one that's softened at all is Japan. So that is still a major contributor, and we are out-weighted in tourist market. Secondly, when you think about the contributions of any one tenant, our sales base is over 60 million square feet. So when you get a number out of us, it's a broad-based trend. It's not going to be materially influenced by the out-performance of any one or any collection of tenants. Thirdly, I believe this reflects the fact that we're doing a good job making our properties better and hopefully taking market share from other properties operating in our markets. And that comes from adding better tenants, adding additional anchors, adding renovations and making our physical plants better, and all of ose things are feeding into what you're seeing as our bottom line sales growth.
Stephen E. Sterrett: And Paul, this is Steve. I'd just add one more comment that if you componentize that growth a bit, the rate of sales pace growth that we're seeing in the outlets in the malls is pretty much on top of each other.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And so, I mean, would you say that the kind of the non-same tenant number is maybe -- if your 10% comp year-over-year, is it -- half of that is due to change in mix or...
David E. Simon: Let me just say this. Our comp numbers and our rolling 12 are right on top of each other, absolutely right on top of each other, if that's what you're getting at. The comp sales and the rolling 12 are exactly right on top of each other.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just on terms of new concepts, I mean, there's been good growth from -- a lot of the public chains have sort of gotten back into growth mode. I haven't as many new concepts at least relative to the kind of '04 to '06 period. Maybe that's sort of what spurred a lot of development that you're not seeing now. But maybe, Rick, are you seeing signs that we're about to see an acceleration of new concepts?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, there's a couple of things that are happening. One, a number of retailers that were new concepts, say, x years ago are now public, and they are substantially accelerating their growth because they have a very firm capital plan. Francesca, Teavana, Tumi, Five Below, Fresh Market. We also are seeing a number of concepts that were, again, relatively new a while ago that are being aggressively grown by their companies, Crazy 8, PS by Aero. But we're also seeing a number of new concepts, Versona by Cato, Dry Goods by Von Maur, Vince by Kellwood, C. Wonder, Hearts on Fire, Tesla. Hot Topic is doing Blackheart.
David E. Simon: We get it. We get it.
Richard S. Sokolov: So I'm going to wear you out. But there's a lot of stuff that's going on in that sector still.
David E. Simon: Paul, we all cringed because this gives Rick the opportunity to list all these tenents. Okay, so...
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Sakwa from ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: David, I was just wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit more about some of the synergies and maybe best practices that both Klepierre and Simon are kind of sharing with each other. And I realize it's still kind of in early days, but are there any sort of success stories or things that you could sort of talk about that kind of show how things are kind of transforming kind of across both companies?
David E. Simon: Well, look, the fact is we've been very focused on the balance sheet. As you know, they've raised a lot of money in the bond market at much lower spreads than where they were beforehand. So that's a very tangible, very important, credible and important thing that we brought to the table. I'm not sure that absent our investment that they would have been able to do it. We've also reduced the reliance on their funding from BNP. And I mean, those are real tangible -- in the bounds of the organization making happen. Operationally, I mean, we're helping them think about all the promotional other income opportunities. I mean, that's going to take time, but we are now talking to certain sponsors on a global basis. We've helped them with a few tenants and a few areas on a global basis. Their head of leasing was in our -- at our shopping center convention, the ICSC. We had a number of global meetings with him and our people with the global brands, including H&M, Apple, just to name a few, Hollister. So it's happening. That stuff's going to take time, but the bond business is tangible. It's there, it happened, and that's only been in 4 months. Now strategically, you'll see changes with this company over a period of time. And the management team there has been very, very good, very cooperative, very interested in replicating what we have and listening to what we have to say. So it's working. It's a lot of work. We spent -- I spent last week there touring assets with them, going through strategy, going through numbers, going through developments. Actually, it's a scary thing helping design some of the extensions. It's scary because I was helping them, and that's -- but there's certain things I've learned over the years, too. So it's happening. It's going to take time. There's a lot that we're providing. There's more that we'll provide over a period of time. We're also respectful. We've been there 4 months. We try not to be Attila the Hun. We want to be -- we want to learn as much as we can. But the cooperation, the synergies are available. They're there. The chemistry between their managers and ours have been great. The only negative is that every morning, I have to hear about Europe every day. Harris reminded me of some of the ups and downs that go with the territory in trying to create value. We're big boys. We know nothing's easy. But I look at it, I'm getting paid to make this company better, and I've got a board and a management team that wants to get better, and we've got people here that can help make them better. And it's happening, and you can see it in the bond yields right away.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess second question, last quarter, we talked a little bit about the St. Louis project and kind of where you and the other project from Taubman were. Now that you guys have kind of started construction and had your groundbreaking, I'm just wondering, kind of maybe being first out of the ground, has the leasing dynamic changed at all? And can you kind of provide us with maybe an update on where you are leasing on that project?
David E. Simon: Well, we announced a whole host of tenants on July 11. We've added a few more to that mix. I mean, look, they're -- Taubman's a formidable competitor. I'm sure they'll announce certain tenants as well. We anticipate that they're going to build their project. We're going to build ours. Our numbers are -- we're comfortable with our investment. This is not driven by ego, by any stretch of the imagination. We expect to get our lease. We expect to have double-digit returns. Taubman's a very formidable competitor. I'm sure they'll feel the same way about what they're doing. And it's most likely that we're going to have 2 outlet centers there. But I think, as I said, we're comfortable. We've got a lot of experience in the outlet business. I've been at it since '98. We were -- people scratched their head when we did our first joint venture with Chelsea. People scratched their head when we bought it in '04. I got confidence in our team. We expect to build a very high-yielding outlet center and we're moving forward with it.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just last question on kind of the international outlets I see. I think, if I did my math right, that Japan sales were up kind of 5% to 6%. And I'm just wondering, how do you kind of look at Japan in terms of potentially new outlets? And maybe talk a little bit about just how Korea's performing and also the new project in Malaysia and any update on the China project.
David E. Simon: Sure. Generally, Asia is very strong. I mean, there's supply and -- and even with all the -- it gets down to kind of almost Europe to some extent. I mean, even with all the macro headlines in Japan, I mean, they're still doing roughly $1,000 a foot. And there's just not that many, and they're just not going to be that many. We've got our ninth that will open next spring. It's in a great location. We have a terrific partner in Mitsubishi Estate. So I don't think that 9 is going to go to 18. There might be 1 or 2 or 3 more to do in the next few years. We're also -- as you know, there, we phase a lot of stuff in, so we'll do 3, 4, 5 phases there. Japan, so even with all the headwinds and everything else, we've got a wonderful niche there, and we'll continue to exploit it and increase the cash flow there. Korea's the same thing. There's 1 or 2 formidable competitors, but our outlets there are probably -- what's the -- $700 a foot? $800?
Stephen E. Sterrett: $800.
David E. Simon: $800 a foot. The brands that we deliver are great. We have a very good partner there as well. So it's fine in Malaysia. It's exactly what we thought it would be. It's really trying to get access to a Singaporean market. We have a great partner there. They're doing stuff worldwide, which we're talking to them about, some other opportunities, and it's meeting our expectations there, so so far, so good. China is a little bit not as far along as we would like it. It's still a very complex place to do business. We're still hopeful that we'll get one started there. But it is more complex, and we're being more cautious given the -- if you think there's a robust pipeline in the outlet business here, you happen to think that pipeline has been around for years and years and not much will get -- not much of it will get built. The pipeline there expands daily. So we're trying to really underwrite it smartly, make sure this is something that we want to do. We do have a good partner in Shanghai. But we're going to be very, very judicious in how we ultimately build something there.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan from Cowen and Company.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: David, I appreciate all the commentary on Klepierre. I have one other question. As I recall, their 2011 asset sales were completed at about a 5% premium to appraised NAV, and I believe at the beginning of this year, they talked about planning EUR 1 billion of additional sales for this year and next. I wonder if you could tell us number one, if that disposition plan is still in place and what the pricing expectations are relative to NAV.
David E. Simon: Well, look, they're going to announce probably shortly here. But generally, I'll say this, and I want to be very careful. Everything -- they're ahead of schedule, and NAV, by and large, has not been an issue in terms of being able to sell the assets at or above their NAV. But you'll see their results. I don't want to -- I just want to be very careful here because they do report or they may have already reported. I think they go out at 6:00 Central European Time. But so far, so good. And it's still on plan, perhaps ahead of schedule, and it's moving right along.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Second question on Woodbury, which you mentioned earlier and you mentioned also in the last call, in terms of the expansion potential there, can you indicate whether the plan is to add square footage on land you already own or at land you otherwise control?
David E. Simon: It's land that we own. So it's really reconfiguring a number of spaces, decking some of the parking and creating additional space on the land that we own.
Richard S. Sokolov: It's about a 60,000 square feet addition, primarily reconfiguring the additional -- the existing formats and just substantially upgrading the whole physical plant.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then separately on Amazon, David, you touched on this in, again, your prepared comments. But as they prepare to pay sales taxes in several large states this quarter and open more infill DCs, have they had any discussions with you about opening outlet or full-price stores?
David E. Simon: Not with us.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then final question, just a line item in other income maybe for Steve. The interest and dividend income was down materially on a consecutive-quarter basis. I wonder if you could tell us what's going on with that line item.
Stephen E. Sterrett: A couple of things, Jim. Number one, the dividend from our U.K. investment, CSC, was a second quarter event last year, third quarter this year, just the timing of their payment of that dividend. And then we had some investments in some loans that were, in fact, paid off earlier this year, so interest income is down.
David E. Simon: Yes, we're bummed out about that.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So on a full year basis, so the loans that were paid off, it sounds like they're variable on a year-over-year basis.
Stephen E. Sterrett: On a year-over-year basis, that's correct.
David E. Simon: And then the other point is we did -- as you know, we did have the mez loan with Mills, and obviously, that got paid off and retired as part of that whole transaction, so you're seeing that as well, Jim.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley from Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just another Klepierre question. David, your involvement in forming the strategic direction for the company, does that involve acquisitions at this stage, or is Klepierre somewhat held back by levering cost of capital at this stage?
David E. Simon: I don't think that they are. I don't know that it should be their #1 focus. And we actually did discuss at the recent meetings a couple of opportunities that are out there. But I don't think it should be their #1 focus. But I don't think it's too far off in the future that we could be -- it could be up there, and we do think there's going to be a number of opportunistic deals. And again, it doesn't mean Klepierre. It could be Simon. It could be all sorts of things. But there are going to be a handful of those things to do, and I think it should be on the agenda, but probably not at the top of the list.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just in terms of Brazil, could you give us an update on discussions with retailers regarding the Brazil outlet industry? And in particular, I'm interested in some of what the domestic Brazilian retailers' thoughts are on the outlet industry and the outlet channel given, I guess, the infancy of that industry down there.
Richard S. Sokolov: We had a, almost, say, 30 days ago, kind of a presentation to a number of Brazilian plus international retailers about our outlet pipeline with BR Malls. It was very, very well attended. The international retailers are growing there daily, and certainly, the high-end guys that we think are important to bring into the outlet properties are gaining entrance into Brazil on a weekly basis, so to speak, like Tory Burch just opened a store at a new high-end mall in So Paulo. So very, very well attended. The Brazilian retailers are very excited about the pipeline, and we expect them to populate these outlets aggressively. So it's very, very encouraging kind of what's going on down there.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Rich Moore from RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is Wes Golladay. A quick question on the outlets. We've heard the number 100 outlets in 10 years. Do you think there's actually more capacity than that for development in the United States?
David E. Simon: No, and I wouldn't put much credence in our opinion, we could be wrong, but certainly, we don't think there's 10 outlets in -- or 100 outlets in 10 years. Not a chance. We don't see it that way.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Well, I guess, maybe how would you view it, the total opportunity for development?
David E. Simon: Look, I think there'll be a handful, but I don't see 100 outlets in 10 years, not a chance.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And turning to the malls, what are you guys seeing in terms of traffic trends for the last quarter?
Richard S. Sokolov: Traffic has been relatively flat to up a little in all the platforms.
Operator: The next question comes from Christy McElroy from UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Sorry for all the outlet questions, I just have a follow-up. Given the pipeline in the U.S. with competing projects and quite a few private developers in the fray, I'm wondering how influential the core group of outlet retailers are in the center actually getting built. And while demand for space is obviously very strong today, how are the deciding factors for retailers signing a lease and a new project different compared to what they were 5 to 7 years ago?
David E. Simon: Well, look, we are living this every day. I would say to you it is still quite a challenge to convince outlet retailers, whether they're manufacturers or full-price retailers. This is our experience, and we have a pretty good portfolio, pretty big one. I think it's still quite a challenge to convince them to go to new centers. That's why all this talk about this unbelievable demand and all of this hundred centers and this that and the other, I've got to tell you we work our tails off to convince the retailers that this is worthy of an outlet center. So I don't think it's, by any stretch of the imagination, simple and easy to do. When we do it, we have confidence we'll do it. But it is not like you can plop these anywhere by anybody, anywhere by anybody, and it'll be successful. It's just not going to happen. And I think the retailers that have a high understanding of this business, whether they're manufacturers or full-price retailers, understand that and will also govern. They're open to buy very seriously.
Richard S. Sokolov: The only thing I would add is I think we would hope that the retailers have a high regard for the consistency of what we produce. David and I were just up in New Hampshire and visited Merrimack. That is an incredibly well-executed, well-leased, well-marketed project, and hopefully, we have that going for us when we approach retailers about our new project. They have confidence that we will -- they know what we will deliver and know that it will produce.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then on your property operating expenses, they seem to run a little bit lower than normal again this quarter. I know in Q1, there were some favorable comps, given weather and such. I'm wondering if there was anything specific in Q2 that you could point to, any trends that favorably impacted OpEx this quarter. And is there a way for you to break out your same-store NOI growth between revenue growth and expense growth?
David E. Simon: Well, there's a way to do it, but we don't. I assume we know what drives our business. Look, where size and scale -- when we talked about this company 15 years ago or 17 years ago or 18 years ago, we thought size and scale matter for a couple of different points. Retail relationships, ability to run efficiently, ability to cover our overhead at the executive level over a huge asset base more efficiently than our peer groups, that's what it takes to generate comp NOI growth, and that's what we do. Nothing jumps out, as we're reviewing it right now, that is worthy of mention. But we are very focused on our operating margins, and our size and scale and quality of assets allow us to do that.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tayo Okusanyo from Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question in regards to any early indications about what back-to-school may look like this year?
David E. Simon: It's really too early to say at this point.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. And then, David, any other market -- I mean, you guys are seniors in many key markets, but any other markets internationally that you might be interested in?
David E. Simon: Let's see. Look, we have a big investment in Klepierre, and I think internationally, that's the big focus. We have got to make sure that that turns out to be a profitable investment. That's the #1 priority. The outlet business in Asia continues to progress. I explained that in detail to you. But that's really the focus. I mean, Brazil, Latin America, I mean, I do think will present more and more opportunities, not just Brazil but all of South America, for the company. And so I think you'll see us hopefully do some smart things down there over time. And Steve is whispering to me, but you can certainly jump in there. But we do have -- we are building Canada, Toronto. I mean, Toronto, there was a lot of talk about it. There's not a lot of talk about it now. We are under construction. We're going to have a great outlet there. We've got a great partner. We're looking at another deal in Canada, but hopefully, that will be a market that will possess -- present a few more opportunities for us.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just the last question. In regards to the supplemental line of credit, the additional $2 billion, should we be reading something into that in regards that you guys are seeing something out there that you need that additional source of capital for?
David E. Simon: I would just say it's consistent with our philosophy to be as prudent and opportunistic as we possibly can be. I mean, you're always trying to balance prudence against opportunity. They tend to kind of conflict each other. When you should be prudent, there's a lot of opportunities, so you try to get that right balance. And the world -- let's face it. The world is going to continue to be uncertain for, I think, a few years to come. If not, that's just the world we live in. So there's no reason not to be -- not to have the ability to be both prudent and opportunistic. And then based on how we read the tea leaves, figure out where the primary -- who wins, prudence or opportunity.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Kim from CLSA.
John P. Kim - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: I had a question on the Main Street Fairness Act. Do you view this initiative as ultimately a revenue booster for your centers, or is this more of a defense mechanism?
David E. Simon: Look, I think it helps -- I think it's going to help our merchants. Anything that helps our merchants ultimately helps us. Look, Congress should not -- look, this is a states' right issue. I think most people in this country believe in state rights. So that's one aspect of it. But also, the government, Congress should not be picking, creating winners and losers. And this certainly has helped fuel the online against the bricks-and-mortar. Certainly, we're not -- oh this is going to mean x million of revenues, but if it helps our merchants, it's bound to trickle down to us in some way, shape or form.
John P. Kim - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: So for the states that have already begun collecting tax from Internet companies, you haven't really seen a noticeable difference in sales?
David E. Simon: It's so early in that effort that I would -- certainly, we haven't seen anything, but it is just beginning.
John P. Kim - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: Okay. On Klepierre, I don't see the second quarter numbers out yet, but in the first quarter, retail sales in Spain were down 6%, Italy was down 2%. What's the bull case for the company to potentially turn these markets around?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think the bull case is that supply and demand will be in their favor once demand picks up because you cannot expand. It's very hard to get the right to build there. And the other point is they've got a great portfolio in Northern Europe, which is somewhat insulated from what's going on in kind of the Scandinavian areas, somewhat insulated from what's going on in Continental Europe. I think operationally, there are things that we can do to help the company increase its cash flow. And an operational focus from the company, we think, will increase the cash, so I think that's the bull case. The negative is, look, they're going to have to weather tough environment. The one country there that continues to be difficult for them is Spain. And again, it's not all Spain. It's certain assets in Spain. And we'll weather that storm, and I think as things stabilize, we'll get back to being able to generate cash flow growth from those assets.
John P. Kim - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: Sure. And maybe just a follow-up to David Harris's question, if the euro continues to decline, how would that impact your decision to potentially acquire the remaining part of the company?
David E. Simon: We really -- at this point, we're pleased with our investment, and that's the focus. I can't really speculate on that going forward. Certainly, it makes it cheaper, right?
John P. Kim - CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, Research Division: Yes, well, that's the potential outcome.
David E. Simon: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Nathan Isbee from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just going back to the same-store growth, I assume a good portion of that is coming from the 3.7% average base rent growth. Can you give us some detail on where the 3.7% growth is coming from, especially given your spreads are right around 10%?
Richard S. Sokolov: We're basically in the position of one, increasing occupancy; two, we're adding considerable number of anchors that are generating revenue. But see, it's just re-leasing our space at higher rents. And when you look at our expiring rents and look at what our average rent is, we've got a nice spread in there. And as our product gets better, we're able to take advantage of that and generate the higher rental revenues.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: The 3.7% is in your small shop, correct?
David E. Simon: Correct, yes.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And the 10% spreads, I assume across maybe 10% to 13%.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes, Nate, this is Steve. We've had this discussion before on calls, but one thing, we calculate our spread in the most conservative way possible, which is what is the ending cash rent that a tenant was paying compared to the beginning cash rent that the new tenant or the same tenant on the new lease is paying. And that is a much more conservative approach than the GAAP method of which you're preparing financials, which would include the straight-lining of both the old lease and the new lease. So that's going to have some impact on it.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, I understand. Even on a cash basis, the delta between, let's say, 1.3% to 1.5%, let's say, from your spreads to 3.7% across a very large portfolio is still pretty wide.
David E. Simon: Well, you got overage rent. I mean, you got lots of things that...
Stephen E. Sterrett: You're taking overage rent and you're capturing it in the new base rent.
David E. Simon: I mean, you got a lot of things going on.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one final question, a follow-up on St. Louis. Can you give us some insight on how the tenants are viewing the 2 projects? Are there any tenants that you're aware of that have said no to you because they were going next door?
David E. Simon: Yes, yes. There are a handful of tenants that had said no to us, absolutely.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And are there any tenants that have signed in both?
David E. Simon: There are some that have expressed that they're prepared to do both.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And so is it safe to say you're not putting in normal radius restrictions or you're not having the success putting them in...
David E. Simon: I think it's a tenant-by-tenant discussion. I don't think there's any -- it's a tenant by tenant -- we're going to tend to get that for the people that commit just to us like we do for every other outlet center.
Richard S. Sokolov: And the only other thing to say is we have announced, as David said, we're now 62% leased and committed. So that is certainly consistent with the kind of leasing progress we have had on all of our new projects.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim from Macquarie.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: Just a couple of quick follow-ups. First on leasing. Could you comment on -- I know you figured releasing spreads that you quote are on a cash basis. What would that look like on a straight-line basis for that 10% number?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Ki Bin, we don't calculate it on a straight-line basis. As David has said, I think, gazillions of times on this calls, the laser focus is cash flow, and so that's the way we look at the spread.
David E. Simon: It would be higher, though.
Stephen E. Sterrett: It would be higher.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: Yes, that was what I was trying to get at.
David E. Simon: We're still getting steps in all of our leases.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: And if it's possible, could you comment on what is the average vintage of the leases that have been expiring this year? Are they, like, 7 years old? And the second part of that question is, if you could calculate, what would the, on a like-for-like basis, the sales per square foot be back then versus today?
Richard S. Sokolov: I want to caution you on 2 things. One, and Steve touched on it earlier, when we roll over, we've done a very good job over the years getting much more focused on our breakpoints on our overage rent. So when you look at the relationship between the spreads and our comp NOI growth, there's a comp NOI being generated from sources other than just our spread. And David just said we also build in all of our bumps over the course of the leases, so the ending rent has already been impacted by our ability to raise the base rent over the existing terms.
David E. Simon: But if you look at '04, '05 sales per square foot, they were in the $400s, and we're rolling leases over. I mean, our expiration aren't in front of me, but it's the mid to high 30s. I mean, that's -- so now we're at $550, and we're getting in the 50s. I mean, that gives you a sense of what's happened on that. I think that's what you asked.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: Yes. I just want to clarify that. So you're saying roughly, on a like-for-like basis...
David E. Simon: In other words, if you look at the leases we did 6, 7 years ago are rolling off today. These are rough, rough numbers, but they were $38, $37, $38. That probably was just under 9% -- probably under 10%, probably 9% of sales. And if you look at where we are today, we're $550. And that relationship is probably still pretty the same, but therein lies the spread differential. That's what you're thinking about.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: Yes. And just last quick question, in respect to your comp sale, 1.5%, 1.4% treasury rates and maybe risk premiums offsetting some of that decline. How has that impacted B mall pricing, and have you seen any additional activity on that front?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think -- and I think this applies, which is great. I mean, this is what PIMCO -- this is what Bill Gross said. I mean, the fact of the matter is unless the real estate is going out of business, okay, the fact is people are going to need cash flow growth, right? And that's the world that we live in. In a slow growth environment, rates are going to stay low, cash flow is going to be stable. I mean, if we proved anything to you over the years, it's that this real estate is -- it doesn't mean that certain things don't turn against us, and they have, okay? We've had centers that we've lost for whatever reason. But these things are sticky, cash flow is stable and yield is there. And you're seeing it by opportunistic investors. You're seeing it -- I mean, in Europe, you're seeing it. I mean, the stuff that Klepierre is selling is to yield-hungry investors. Why would they want to buy the German bond when they can get a 6 yield or 5.5, 6 yield on a stable asset? I think that's great for us to be in, not just us but all real estate companies. And that's a very attractive feature, one of the reasons why we're increasing our dividend.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: I guess maybe do you expect any kind of reignition of the transaction market for BMO in the second half and maybe specific to you, too?
David E. Simon: With those -- with the outlook the way it is, the answer is yes, and it's happening slowly. I mean, you're starting to see the market pick up.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley from Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Michael Bilerman. David, I just want to come back to the unit purchase from JCPenney, and I think most would agree with your comment that units, think of them as one-for-one common stock equivalents. So being able to buy something back and create $60 million of shareholder value is impressive, given the fact that there's still another 61 million units outstanding. And so is there something particular about this OP agreement with JCPenney that -- where there was restrictions or something that would have caused the value of that stake to be 20% less than what the market is?
David E. Simon: No. There's only one operating partnership, and all the unitholders are treated the same. There's a preferred unit, but we're getting rid of that soon. But all the unit holders, there's no separate, different agreements. They're all the same.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So then going back to the question of getting a 20% discount, was there a time lapse effectively if they came to you and said, "Okay, I'm going to exercise -- I'm going to put my notice in to redeem units," and now you have the option of delivering them stock or cash. Was there a time that they saved on that?
David E. Simon: The time actually is very quick, but put that aside. We actually didn't get noticed, technically. But there was a discussion about -- relatively simple. If they give us -- they did not give us notice. They give us notice, they get the stock, and they can market it. We actually -- Shelly, correct me. But we actually have to register the stock, I think, right?
Shelly J. Doran: [indiscernible]
David E. Simon: So it's freely tradable, we register it, boom, done. It was in the discussion that obviously, it turned to cash. And we part -- believe it or not, we part with our cash. We're very tough whenever we write a check out of this building. We are very focused on parting with our cash. We like cash, and that's what happened.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But if they were to take stock, how quickly could they have monetized that stock?
David E. Simon: Two million shares, I assume it's pretty quick.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Why would someone leave $55 million on the table? I mean, it's not like small potatoes, right?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I'm not going to get into that. Let's move on, Michael.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Is there other opportunities that you have with -- you still have 61 million units. I recognize a lot of them are family -- there's a bunch of family units in there. But is there other opportunities where you can buy back stock at such an accretive discount?
David E. Simon: Look, there's nothing that I can really add to that other than what I've already said.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just curious what the board's course of action has been since the proxy and the shareholder vote.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I mean, it is -- the board obviously has taken the vote to heart. They are very focused in talking to shareholders about it. The good news -- look, I mean, the fact of the matter is we're putting this -- our focus, our #1 focus, and that's me, Rick, Steve, the other members of our team, is on the business, okay, and obviously, our performance over this year, last year, for as long as we've all been together, is pretty good, and it speaks for itself. And we have all the confidence in the world that we'll continue to deliver very good performance to our shareholders. There's no guarantees, but that's the focus. The vote, given our performance, was extremely disappointing, and we didn't understand the vote, and there's enough precedence out there to suggest it was -- we just didn't understand the vote. But we'll be talking to our shareholders about it, trying to understand the way they voted it. And I will say that we've had some discussions. There's not a clear consensus as to why we voted -- they voted against it. We've had a number of shareholders that were supportive of it, but the board will take its job very seriously. We welcome any shareholder comments. We've had discussions with shareholders. We expect to have more, and we'll take it from there. But the #1 focus, obviously, even though we're disappointed because we've been such stewards of capital and performance, continues to be how do we make this company better, and we do it every day. But we've had discussions, and we'll continue to have more discussions with shareholders.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, hopefully, this is okay from JCPenney, but should we expect any other announcements between you and JCPenney in regards to maybe buying anchor boxes or other sort of ventures with them in the future?
David E. Simon: Well, no. This thing was just really focused on the transaction that we did. We'll talk to them like we talk to all of our retail partners, but nothing -- I wouldn't expect anything out of the normal course of business.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller from JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Most have been answered, but just one question. David, in the past, you cut up the U.S. portfolio based on sales just to show how concentrated it was, x percent of your NOI comes from over $800, over $500 a foot in sales. When you look at the Klepierre portfolio, how concentrated is it on that basis?
David E. Simon: It's really not up for me to do that, but I'm sure they'll welcome the question. I will say this, they do a very sophisticated analysis of their portfolio, buys, hold, redevelopment. But it's really not up for me to do it. But I do think the quality is there, the opportunities for enhancing the operations are there, but it's really not up for me to do that. I will tell you, though, they're very sophisticated in how they slice and dice the portfolio and what they want to do with the assets.
Operator: Sir, you have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. David Simon.
David E. Simon: Thank you. Thanks for your questions, and we look forward to answering anything else you might need over the next few days. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a very good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelly J. Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David E. Simon - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Stephen E. Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Derek, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Shelly J. Doran: Good morning, and welcome to Simon Property Group's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a detailed discussion. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe it is important to note that our call includes time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of today's date, April 27, 2012. During today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the earnings release or the company's supplemental information package that was included in this morning's Form 8-K. This package is also available on the Simon website, in the Investors section. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David E. Simon: Okay. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. The scope and breadth of our company can be best described by a high-level overview of our activities and accomplishments during the first few months of 2012. First of all, financial and operationally, let me just state that FFO was $1.82 per share, up 13% from the first quarter 2011. We exceeded the First Call consensus by $0.14. We have now met or exceeded expectations for 31 of the past 33 quarters. For our malls and Premium Outlets, comp NOI grew 5.7%, and you'll recall that our comp NOI for first quarter 2011 was up 2.3%. Tenant sales were up 11.2%. Both individually the malls and the Outlet portfolio were up double digits. Occupancy was up 60 basis points. Average rent per square foot was increased by 4.4%. Releasing spread was a positive 9.7% or $4.74 per square foot.  Now let me turn to transactions. As you know, we invested $2 billion in purchasing shares of Klepierre, the second largest owner of retail real estate in Continental Europe. With assets valued at a portfolio EUR 16.2 billion, we now own nearly 29% of the company. I'm Chairman of the Supervisory Board, and we control 3 of the 9 board seats. Our investment provides opportunity for significant value creation through exchanging operational best practices, creating synergy through our leasing and marketing efforts and the generation of ancillary revenues. We'll be actively involved in the Klepierre capital allocation decisions, including allocation of capital amongst the various assets and the countries in which they do business and we'll be providing guidance on investment and divestiture decisions and balance sheet management. We view this investment as having significant optionality for us given the countries in which Klepierre operates, the large number of assets that it owns and manages and the successful operational platform that it possesses. From a capital point of view, it essentially replaces our previous European investments, which were liquidated at a significant gain to our shareholders over the past couple of years.  Now let me turn to Mills. As you know, we acquired the interest of our joint venture partner in 26 of 36 assets of The Mills Limited Partnership for $1.5 billion. Transaction completed at a good cap rate for us and reinforce that this has been a good deal for us and our partner, Farralon. We believe there is upside in the assets with growing NOI, and we'll continue to pursue many of the redevelopment opportunities in the portfolio. At the end of the day, both of these transactions will be immediately accretive to FFO. To fund Klepierre and Mills transaction, we sold unsecured notes and issued common equity. We sold $1.75 billion of senior unsecured notes in 3 tranches. Rates on the 3 tranches of notes were the lowest ever achieved by a REIT by an average of 76 basis points. We issued 9.1 million common shares at a price of $137 per share, and our rating of A-, A3 were affirmed by all 3 rating agencies. In addition, we weren't done with that. We acquired another 25% ownership interest in Del Amo Fashion Center where our major redevelopment is in the planning stage, and we sold our interest in Gallerie Commerciali in Italy at a gain to our investment.  Development activity, if I may turn to. We successfully reopened the fully restored Opry Mills to a great public reception. Space at the center is approximately 90% leased and committed. In addition, we started construction on 4 new Premium Outlet Centers, all scheduled to open in 2013: Shisui in Japan, our ninth Premium Outlet in Japan; Phoenix, serving the greatest Phoenix and Scottsdale areas; Toronto, which actually the groundbreaking was this week, our first upscale Outlet Center in Canada; and Busan in Korea, our third Premium Outlet in Korea. In addition, we signed agreements to develop Premium Outlet Centers in Brazil with the well-known and well-respected BR Malls, and in China, with the well-known and well-respected Bailian Group. And we're focused on a site adjacent to the Disney Shanghai. Continued construction on 2 new Premium Outlets that will open in the U.S. this year, Merrimack, New Hampshire and south of Houston, Texas. We continued construction on 25 renovation and expansion projects in the U.S. and in Japan with 2012 and 2013 completion dates, and we continue to expect our share of development spend to approximate $1 billion in 2012, '13 and '14, respectively.  Let me turn to the dividends. As you now know, we've announced our third consecutive increase in quarterly dividend from $0.95 to $1 per share. Our dividend is now fully 25% higher than it was one year ago at this time. In addition, we are very pleased and honored to be added to the S&P 100 Index in the first quarter, joining the likes of Nike, Starbucks, Honeywell and DuPont, all well-known companies where equity market caps are comparable to ours.  Guidance. We increased the top end of our 2012 FFO guidance. Initially, as you know, in February, we had guidance of $7.20 to $7.30. Our range now includes a range from $7.50 per share to $7.60 per share, so we increased both the top end and the bottom end of our guidance. Factors contributing to this increase: essentially stronger operating performance and recent investment activity.  Now let me just conclude, and we can talk about any questions you may have. Our portfolio of high-quality irreplaceable assets continues to deliver strong results and is second to none in our industry. Just to illustrate that, I know the size sometimes of our portfolio is somewhat overwhelming, and all of our activity obviously is hard to appreciate sometimes. But let me just put this in perspective. We have in our portfolio of assets 12 that generate over $1,000 per square foot. Our top 30 U.S. average -- assets average over $1,000 per square foot in sales and provide 1/3 of our SPG NOI. Our top 50 U.S. average $886 per square foot in sales and provide 1/2 of our SPG share of NOI. And importantly, our top 100 assets average $700 per square foot and provide 3/4 of our NOI. Needless to say, we're off to a good start and active, and we're ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Christy McElroy from UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Given GGP's recent deal with Sears to buy back some boxes and leases, I'm wondering if you're having any discussions with the retailer to do the same? And of the 119 Sears boxes at your malls, are there any that you would specifically point to where you would say we could unlock pretty significant value at that mall if we got the box back?
David E. Simon: Well, look, we're not going to get into discussions that we have with our individual retailers. We have a good relationship with Sears. We expect, over time, for a number of those properties to be reclaimed or redeveloped, but nothing really to report beyond that. And look, we do think there's value there. We'll be conservative in how we value the real estate and how we look at it. But I think, over time, it will provide an opportunity for the company.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: We've heard recently from some specialty retailers that lease negotiations for Class B malls have started to move in favor of the landlords again. Can you discuss your ability to raise rents at B and B- types of assets? And if I think about your rent spreads being 10% across the portfolio, how would that break out between sort of the Class A stuff and the Class B stuff?
David E. Simon: One thing we don't like to do is go through Class A and Class B. We're very focused on increasing the cash flow in all of our assets. Obviously, the ones that have higher sales per square foot, we're able to drive a little bit better bargain. We look to win-win for the retailers. We're doing a lot of business with retailers throughout the portfolio. Our rent spreads -- our averages mean a lot because they're not -- with a portfolio of our size, we can't have one particular center rollover or one center doing so much more business that it's driving the statistics of every other at the portfolio. The business has firmed up, and we're pleased with where it's headed and where it's going. Retailers are looking for growth, so I'd say things are all pretty good. Rick, you want to add anything?
Richard S. Sokolov: I would just underline David's point. If you look in our 8-K and see where our renovations are and where we're adding anchors and department stores, it's throughout the portfolio, and we're increasing market share across the board and that is enabling us to drive that pricing. And to underline -- quantifying David's point on the square footage, when you look at our sales and our statistics, that's on the basis of almost 60 million square feet. So there is no way for outliers to influence that. It's a broad operational trend that we're reflecting.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then just lastly, how much capital do you envision investing in outlets in China and Brazil over the next 5 years? And what kind of projected returns are you forecasting?
David E. Simon: Well, look, it's safe to say that we would -- every international development that we've done in the Outlet business has had double-digits return in the 15%-on-average range. We would expect that that's kind of the hurdle we're shooting for. In any event, we would expect those to be at least double digits. Brazil, generally, we think the market can support in the 10 to 14 opportunities initially. Cost of those will, on average, be in the $100-million-plus range. As you know, we are partners 50-50 with BR Malls. That gives you the scope of the situation. In China, right now, our focus is on one particular development and that we're going through the numbers on that. It's a little bit early to give you kind of the scope of magnitude of that, but we think it's a great site having visited it personally. It's a great opportunity for the company. The demand from the retailers is very strong. China is -- you got to be extra cautious there. We've had an experience where we learned a lot in China. But generally, I think it will be consistent with the build in what we've done in Korea and what we've done in Japan. Cost of construction, land values are all kind of the same there, but I don't want to pin those numbers down just yet.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Jeff Spector from Merrill Lynch.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of follow-up questions on Brazil. David, did I hear you say you had 10 to 14 potential sites?
David E. Simon: Over -- yes, over a period of time, correct.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I'm not as familiar with all of the different markets in Brazil. I mean, is there any change in the site criteria? Or are you saying in your first analysis you feel that there are 10 to 14 sites that really fit that Premium Outlet-type criteria, density-wise?
David E. Simon: Correct, that's correct. And we've got currently -- so that's over an extended period of time. We've got one site identified in So Paulo. We're not in the position to disclose that yet. If all goes according to plan, we have the chance of opening that in late '13, but more likely early '14. And then we're currently evaluating another 4 additional sites. So that 10 to 4 (sic) 14 is over an extended period of time, but we've got 1. We're very close to moving forward on and then another 4 of that are further along than that.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And for now in Brazil, just sticking with the outlets or you're still looking at mall opportunities, full price?
David E. Simon: This is the primary focus right now.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then switching to your investment in Klepierre, you -- I think you carefully said that, right now, you're actively involved on the balance sheet divestitures. You didn't talk about operations at all.
David E. Simon: Well, I did mention that. You may not have picked it up. I mean, we've had some very good beginning discussions with the senior team there. We've owned the stock for 6 weeks, so you have to put it in perspective that their senior management team is actually coming here next week. But we're going to coordinate certain retail leasing at the Shopping Center Convention coming up in May in the U.S. -- Shopping Center Convention. So it's early days on that front, but it's safe to say that there are 3 or 4 areas of focus for us: operational synergies; leasing synergies; cash flow enhancement, all of that in one category; capital allocation in another category. Along with that is what assets should they be involved in? Where should the focus be? What countries our long-term holds, then balance sheet management and then investment divestiture decision. So all of those are kind of the 3 or 4 buckets that where we're focused on, both as directors and as shareholders, and the cooperation has been excellent. There's nothing so far that, in our short involvement, that has caused any concern for us. Look, Europe has got some macro headwinds. We knew that going in. The fact of the matter is, these opportunities surface when the going is tough, but we're in this for the long haul. And we think it's a very good platform that we can help continue to move in the right direction, and actually have bottom line impact improvement on. But that's going to take time.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And are you personally spending a lot of time on that investment?
David E. Simon: Yes.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Going forward? Okay. And then my last -- I'm sorry.
David E. Simon: No. Sure. I mean, I'm Chairman of the Board. And like I said, yes, we're very involved, not just me, but my team as well.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then my last question on development. Anything -- any new potential sites on the full-price side, mall side, the Lifestyle center side for you?
David E. Simon: No.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: U.S.
David E. Simon: I'm looking at Rick and the answer -- we're just making sure we're both saying no. The answer is no, not really. We think the returns, in order to really induce the full-price guys with the cost of development, are just too skinny still. Demand is still not quite there. And the fact of the matter is, with our redevelopment pipeline, we got great stuff going on, I mean, really good stuff going on. And with our development or our Premium Outlet development, we are under construction. Let me just reinforce this. We are under construction in Phoenix. We are under construction in Toronto. We are under construction in Korea and Japan. We're looking at a couple other areas. We're busy, and these are all very good returns that we are building new too. So at this point, why chase full-price retail at lower returns when we got our plate full of assets.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Michael Bilerman from Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Michael. I'm here with Quentin Velleley. David, I just wanted to start, you think about Klepierre, $2 billion, but you're an $80 billion enterprise today, so its 2.5% of your asset base, and it is taking up a lot of your time. You've been to Europe twice in the last month. How do you sort of balance something that's a smaller part today of the enterprise and driving value for the other 97.5% of assets? And then taking it one step further, you own 30% of the entity today. You're in this for the long haul. You obviously want to see a lot of improvements. The price you're going to have to pay for the other 70% if you do want to consolidate could be meaningfully higher benefiting Klepierre shareholders rather than Simon shareholders. I'm just -- how do you sort of balance all this?
David E. Simon: Well, just on the first point, Michael, that's what I do, okay? So the one thing that I think amazes folks given the scope of this company is that, that's what we do. Rick looks at whether we're getting market value on a new Gap lease. I mean, as weird as it sounds, that's just what we do. So I still think a $2 billion investment ought to warrant my serious attention. So that's just what we do. We've got -- we've added a few people to help. We added Contis. We added Fivel so we could leverage a little bit, my time and Rick's time to do it. But that's what we do. We sweat the details. That's all we know how to do, and we don't see changing from that. And I view -- look, the thing about Klepierre, it's got a portfolio. Its share of this is not quite that. It's about EUR 14 billion. But the portfolio that it overseas is EUR 16 billion. That's a big opportunity for us. And Europe is in a state of flux, which is an even better opportunity for us ultimately to reinforce our company's position as a global brand, and there are great benefits to being global. Many of our -- if you look at our peer group in the S&P 100, and I just read you a few names, they're all global. Our retailers are going global. And I think it's great, great opportunity. It's a great potential platform for us to really have a significant presence there and create kind of a sister or fully integrated Simon company over there. We've never had that opportunity. I don't know that this can be that, but it's certainly worth the opportunity. And I think coming in at below NAV, even with all the macro headwinds, I don't see how we'd lose. But it's possible we do, but we don't. But when I go through this list of companies in our similar cap range, News Corp, Nike, Colgate-Palmolive, Lilly, Starbucks, Ford, Disney, Union -- well, Union Pacific isn't because it's all railroad, Boeing, they're all international global companies. And I think it's important for us to be in that spot. And so look, Flowers, one of the great value financial investors there is, is moving to London because of European opportunity. So this is a great platform. We'll see where it develops. It potentially could go -- it could end here. On the other hand, we could take this investment and make it something special. And I have no problem as long as our shareholders are rewarded along that process and sharing the wealth.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Quentin here, just a question on the outlets in Brazil. With U.S. fashion merchandiser sort of 3x to 5x more expensive in Brazil, how do you expect the international retailers that are going into your outlets, how do you expect them to, I guess, compete given the improved U.S. visa process and also the improvements in Brazilians' ability to purchase over the Internet?
David E. Simon: Well, look, there are more and more international retailers landing in Brazil and dealing with the tariffs. And certainly from a customer point of view, if we can land those tenants and deliver more value to the customer, then -- that's why I think we feel like these outlets will be very successful. It will not have the percentage of international grounds like China, Japan or Korea will because of that particular issue. While we think there's enough there -- and with the Brazilian retailers as well to populate those centers. And there's been one kind of outlet that's been built there and it was successful. I think you're going to have to go small, do this in phases. But I think, over time, you'll have more international penetration.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Just switching to Europe, maybe if you could just comment on the health of the hotter markets in Europe. How do you think they're going to change their business models and evolve to some of the challenges they're facing?
David E. Simon: Well, I think that -- look, it depends on the retailer. I mean, we were, as you know, partners with Ocean and their business model has been very successful and they continue to do very good business. Carrefour, as you know, is a big partner, so to speak, with Klepierre. And they've gone through some fits and starts in terms of where they want to go. I think they've got new leadership. It sounds like they are back to focusing on being very price competitive and that, we think, will drive traffic, and we think ultimately will help us with the Galleries, which we own. And it's very interesting, Quentin, just you know because you got a funny accent. But the hypermarkets there, they're disappointed when they do EUR 80 million to EUR 100 million, whereas if we have a department store or anybody that did EUR 80 million to EUR 100 million in our shopping center, we'd be very thrilled. So it's all relative. I have all the confidence in the world with where Carrefour is going that they'll continue to be a very worldwide class retailer.
Operator: Your next question will be coming from the line of Cedrik Lachance from Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Yes. So just one follow-up with some funny accent. Just maybe a quick one on The Mills. Just in terms of how you're organizing information right now. A number of The Mills properties were moved into other operating properties. Is there anything we need to read into that?
David E. Simon: Well, I think what you would read into that is that we're probably not long-term owners of the 3 assets that are still owned by TMLP. One of those, actually we're evaluating that and that is we're hopeful that, over time, we can reposition that asset, but a couple of them were probably not long-term owners.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. In regards to your ability to market to market those assets, is it a -- timing and ability to market those assets, what do you think that would be?
David E. Simon: I would think it would certainly be clarified in the not-too-distant future. About 12 months or so.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and thank you also for the sales disclosure. In regards to the decision there on the sales front, it includes the outlets, is that correct?
David E. Simon: Yes.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. if we were to exclude outlets from, let's say, the top 100 category, what would happen to the sales productivity there?
David E. Simon: It probably wouldn't matter all that much, but I don't have that in front of me. But I'd give you a sense of this. It's probably a 75 to 25 split, roughly, to give you a sense of order of magnitude, out of 100. Next call, we can get really specific, but I don't have it entirely in front of me. But I think that gives you the general nature of it.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Paul Morgan from Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just sticking with that top 100 is 75% of your NOI. Any thoughts given the B mall sales that have taken place by some of your peers that you might be interested in culling the, kind of the other 120 there or 25% of the NOI making any efforts beyond kind of the -- kind of single-asset-type brokers?
David E. Simon: Well, I think the good news is that, that market seems to be firming up. There's more players in it. And so I think, historically, Paul, we've always wanted to call the portfolio. As you know, that's been a relatively tough exercise. But with now Starwood hasn't closed yet, but assuming it closes, you've got a couple other players out there that are looking to invest. I would expect us to continue to play in that game. We did sell one mall at the end of -- it really actually closed at the very beginning of this year, Gwinnett Mall in Atlanta. So we are -- we would expect to do that. I think there are more players there and that's the good news. We're trying to understand what their strategy is going forward, and I'm sure we'll, over time, continue to cull the portfolio to some extent.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And if I can just go back to Klepierre. As you look at kind of the leasing platforms and you mentioned some kind of the global element to the retailers, I mean, do you think, having the time you had spent with them and then looking at their portfolio of tenants, do you think there's more opportunity to bring their tenants here and your tenants there? Or given your express[ph] strength in Europe, you think you've kind of already been well on top of that and it's not that incremental from here?
David E. Simon: I actually -- I think that probably the more likely opportunity is to bring U.S. retailers there. And as you walk the malls in Continental Europe, they're not -- they're okay. They're not greatly merchandised. I think it possesses a great opportunity for a number of our retailers. Again, that takes time, and there are some that are making inroads there. But generally, I would think the opportunity will be more U.S. to Europe. But, and Rick can comment on that, but there are also opportunities, as you know, for retailers there to come here. And they're actually making progress to get U.K. retailers. As an example, Primark, which is a well-known, very good U.K. retailer to add to the European retail mix there. So I think it will be a little bit of everything. But I do feel that our U.S. retailers do think Europe is an opportunity for them. Rick, you want to?
Richard S. Sokolov: And I would say to you just on the other way, if you like, there's no doubt that the relationships that we've created in dealing with the H&Ms and the ZARAs and the Legos are going to stand up some very good stead because we're just now an incrementally more important part of their global footprint, which is what we have always aspired to be.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And just lastly, sticking with the Europe. I mean, how do you think about other opportunities for investment now on the continent given you have a minority stake and you might have a different capital position, but how would you handle the kind of the conflicts with looking at outlets or looking at other opportunities that come up via Klepierre or independently?
David E. Simon: Well, look, the outlet business, Klepierre has no involvement in. So I don't view that as any particular conflict. I think it gives us a great opportunity. There are so many options on the table for us now that we've got -- have an investment in a very fine company like Klepierre. Other way, they're very good developers. They build great product. I encourage you to look at some of the stuff that they've built. I mean they're a first-class organization. We think we can respectfully add to that, but they're not -- they're damn good on their own. And I think as we look at opportunities, we'll sit with them and say, okay, what makes sense. So it could be within Klepierre. It could be in a joint venture with Klepierre or it could be completely on our own. But we certainly want to see Klepierre, our investment in Klepierre appreciate. I mean that's the #1 goal. And I just will say, on the outlet side, that we -- they have no presence in that. That's really not something that they're really going to do, and I would view that as kind of a separate path for us to look at what our opportunities there are in that sector.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Alex Goldfarb from Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: It is pretty telling of a French organization to appoint an American to be chairman, so that's a pretty strong statement in and of itself. Question on -- you guys took a major stake in Klepierre and yet when you went to Brazil, you just did a JV with BR Malls. Can you just speak about the opportunity or your thoughts on taking a stake in BR Malls? I mean, speaking to people, there's a lot of respect for BR Malls that the Brazilian market seems to still attract a lot of long-term interest. So sort of curious why you opted for just a more of an asset JV rather than more of a corporate JV the way you did with Klepierre?
David E. Simon: Well, we really didn't talk about that too much, and Brazil is -- I think we want to get our feet wet in Brazil, do it a little bit more methodically. The values there, calling up a tremendous amount, and BR Malls is a big company, okay. And then you get into the currency risk, though it seems that their currency seems to only appreciate versus the dollar, but put that aside. So there's lots of issues there, but we really never got into that kind of dialogue. At this point, we're focused just on building out the outlet, the platform with them.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: So it sounds like it's more of a learning curve whereas you've had many years of European experience, you want to build that experience in Brazil? Is that...
David E. Simon: And I think so, and look, remember we had exposure in Europe. And I almost view this as kind of replacing what we had. Yes, we put a little bit more money in it, but with a better company with better growth, long-term growth prospects even though the world is a little wacky there, a proven organization, lots of optionality on where to take that organization, a way to hedge our currency investment because we can borrow in euros. So there's all sorts of math associated with it that works a little bit easier than in Brazil. Just a quick response. I mean, it's a very complicated question, but just a quick response to your question.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then separate, and along the same lines, your comments, David, were about China were rather tempered about just focusing on one site. Just sort of curious, especially given the recent political scandal over there. Has that made you any more cautious or what is driving your hesitancy about China?
David E. Simon: Well, it's obviously just a big, big market and a very complicated market, but what's driving us, it's very simple. The international brands are just -- they're kicking ass there. And just -- if we can get an outlet built in the right location, we're very confident we can lease it up. And we have, we think, partnered with a good person to partner with. But we still have to prove the math, prove the ability to make the numbers work and all that. And it's just a big complicated market. And they take -- when they like something, they just build it, as you know, right? So supply and demand sometimes is not as thoughtful there as it might be in other more mature markets. So we just got to make sure that we can make money doing these things. So I think doing 1 or 2, thereabouts, is probably the right way to go for us right now.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Steve Sakwa from ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Rick, I guess, just first question, as you're talking to kind of the larger tenants, the Targets, the Costcos and the like, I know you guys have done a lot. You've replaced a lot of department stores and anchors and added. I'm just wondering how much more activity do you think there is from them and, I guess, as you look through kind of the top 100, how many more assets can you sort of touch, meaning, how much more sort of inventory do you think you can sort of touch and put -- and are these tenants also looking at kind of the bottom 100 properties or are they really focused on sort of the top 100?
Richard S. Sokolov: In fact, it's throughout the portfolio. And if you just keep track of what we've done in the 8-K, this quarter, we've got 51 anchors that are being added throughout the various platforms, and that's up from the 30 that we've listed in the fourth quarter '11. And on top of that, we're on another 38 anchors. Target is still looking for opportunities. We're adding them at Coddingtown. We're adding them at South Hills in Pittsburgh. And we have a number of other opportunities that we're discussing with them, but also with a whole range of other potential users. We've added Arhaus Furniture. We opened a new Lord & Taylor. We're opening Macy's at Gurnee. We're opening Last Call Neiman Marcus at Ontario. So it's across the board. And we're working with supermarkets. We're opening Fresh Market at The Falls. We're opening Wegmans in Montgomery Mall in Montgomery County in Philadelphia, Earth Fare in Hamilton. So we're across the board and there's still a great deal of interest and we have opportunities because in a lot of instances, we're moving out weaker anchors and replacing them with stronger ones.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it does seem like it's kind of permeating down into kind of the B mall product as well?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, it's throughout the portfolio. Again, we don't like to categorize A, Bs and Cs. It's throughout the portfolio. When you look at the scope of what we've been doing and just we've identified every one, you can see it's throughout across the quality spectrum.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Dave, I guess I'll bring up the question because I asked Bobby as well. But just in St. Louis, I mean, I realize the outlet business has been fairly competitive. You've certainly won your fair share of battles in different markets. I'm just wondering kind of what your thoughts are in St. Louis. And is that a situation where only one project gets built, and is it just kind of a race to the -- just kind of the start line here?
David E. Simon: Well, I'm surprised it took that long to bring up. But look, St. Louis is a good opportunity to build an outlet center. I'll just say this, when we get approvals, we will build an outlet center in St. Louis. We don't have approvals yet. We expect them in the near future, but we will build there. And we're very confident in our ability to lease it and provide a very good return for our shareholders. So we've got to get approvals. That's the only road block that I see in terms of our building the center.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And if I'm not mistaken, I believe there's something on May 9. Is that correct, when you're supposed to get some final approvals, or is it further out than that?
David E. Simon: Yes, let me -- I'll turn that to Rick. He can briefly give you, but we've got -- we're very confident we're going to get approvals, but we still have to finalize that. And then when we do, we're building. So go ahead, Rick, you want to?
Richard S. Sokolov: So there is the hearing on the 9th and the final hearing is on May 21. And then we can start the development at the site.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, David, just lastly, on just kind of other outlets within the U.S. market. I mean, kind of what does the shadow inventory look like or pipeline or potential deals that you might be looking at?
David E. Simon: Yes. Well, look, just briefly Phoenix, as you know, is under construction where, Rick? 60...
Richard S. Sokolov: 60% committed.
David E. Simon: 60% committed, so that's all systems go. Toronto, there's been a lot of discussion. We're wildly excited about that. That's under construction.
Richard S. Sokolov: 60%.
David E. Simon: 60% committed.
Richard S. Sokolov: And announced The Bay.
David E. Simon: And announced The Bay, which is a well-known department store there. We think that's important because that will facilitate a lot of the wholesale accounts, so it's all kind of going according to plan. St. Louis and Phoenix both announced a Saks' Off 5th as part of our new development there. We have one site in Florida, which we're finishing approvals there. I'm afraid to didn't mention the city because there'll be 6 guys on sites, so I've got to refrain to do that. But needless to say, we are really excited about that. And that could actually start, Rick, don't you think this year, maybe?
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes, yes. That could start in late this year. And we also have Merrimack Middle East over by Dubai. It's opening on June 14 and it's 100% leased. And we have Texas City that's opening in October. And that's substantially leased and what gets lost...
David E. Simon: Yes, go ahead, that's where I was going.
Richard S. Sokolov: In all the expansions that we're doing in some of the -- that's outlet centers in the world. The outlet -- Premium Outlets is under construction, opening in June of next year. Chicago Premium Outlets, we're expanding. Desert Hills Premium Outlets is starting next month. We are expanding Orlando Premium Outlets, down by Disney to third quarter this year. We're expanding Woodbury. And we're expanding Las Vegas - North Downtown, and that's starting in October of this year. Well, those 6 expansions combined, there are probably 2 or 3 additional new products adding square footage as the most productive outlet centers pretty much in the world.
David E. Simon: We've got -- we're working closely with the town, but Woodbury is really -- could be really exciting. It's the best outlet in the world. And what we're thinking about doing there working, obviously, closely with the town. But assuming we make progress and get some approvals there, I think we take that asset up to yet another level.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Ki Bin Kim from Macquarie.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: This is Ki Bin. Just going back to your acquisition of Klepierre and going back to your comments about corporate level synergies -- not synergies, but sharing best practices and of that sort. I'm guessing the brainpower would shift more from you to them in terms of expertise and best practices. So how do you get compensated for that given that they still technically owning an equity investment and not close to any kind merger [ph]?
David E. Simon: Well, let me say this, we are never too proud to learn from anyone. And in fact, they're a very accomplished company, so I would expect us to learn a lot from them. And I think that's absolutely part of the order. I mean, part of our investment philosophy is we're going to learn a lot from them in terms of how they run the business and operate. And it's all part of being a global company in that you take a little bit of everything that you learn across the world and you make everything you have across the world a little bit better, and that can drive the needle. So I would hope, and I would expect that they could actually show us a few things here. So that's very important that I say that. And at the end of the day, if we can add value there, that's fine too because our shareholders will benefit from our investment. And I mean, that's just part of -- it is a little bit risky to go into Europe right now, so we had to weigh that in a sense against taking on the whole enchilada and what's the best way for us from a capital allocation point of view. So those are the trade-offs. And I think we're satisfied today kind of where we're at.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: I know at a 30% stake, you're still far from an M&A, but is there any sharing of personnel?
David E. Simon: At this point, no, but we do have the ability to add a senior management person to the management board there. And I think that, over time, as we assess what the areas where we could be most beneficial, we'll figure out what that -- who that person might be. And I think that will develop over the next few months. So I do think there will be the opportunity there. We do have our Vice President of International Operations basically coordinating and liaising, I think is the word, right, our activities there. He'll be in the office there, so we would hope to have some input on that kind of basis.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: And just to -- if you clarify one point, I know it's a $2 billion equity investment, but the overall size of the investment is closer to over $4 billion on Klepierre. So could you actually comment on the FFO yield on investment?
David E. Simon: I don't know where you get the -- we look at it as a $2 billion investment.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: Oh, I'm saying if you include the leverage of the company.
David E. Simon: Well, we don't look at it that way. When we're an equity investor, we have $2 billion at risk. We don't have $4 billion at risk, so I'd argue that completely with you. But let's put that aside. Your question, again, I lost it.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: It's back to the FFO yield accretion.
David E. Simon: Well, look, you can do the math. I mean, it's a public company. But it is accretive, certainly, to lower yield given where we -- what the multiple we bought it at versus our multiple and where our cost of funding was for the deal.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of David Harris from Imperial Capital.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Are you hedging this in anyway, this investment?
David E. Simon: Yes, we have hedged. Steve, how much have we hedged?
Stephen E. Sterrett: David, we left $1 billion U.S. out on our line dominated in euros, so we're 50% hedged on our equity investment.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And does the prospect of President Hollande sit you [ph] with any terror? I mean, you did make references to the uncertainty, but I think the prospect of a socialist President of France is perhaps a little larger in the...
David E. Simon: You know what, look, why is that different than the U.S., right? So...
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Well, I have heard specifically, David, that there has been talk around the firm -- the French REIT structure coming under attack?
David E. Simon: No, absolutely not. Look, I don't think that, that -- when you look at the properties and how their merchandise is mixed, I'm not -- I don't think that changes the consumer behavior. What's going to change consumer behavior is where the economy goes and whether that's better under Hollande or Sarkozy is up for debate. I'm certainly not in the position to say who's better at what. But what fascinates me about Europe and what they're going through is the one thing that I will say is that with respect to Europe, at least they're tackling their deficit problems. David, you're very familiar with what's going on in the U.K. You can certainly argue it's too much or too soon or however they're doing it, but we're in complete denial here.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: We have the world-reserved currency, which allows politicians to behave as they do here.
David E. Simon: Sure. But at some point, that changes. So look, I'm not losing sleep about the French elections, and in fact, nor the U.S. elections in a sense that I think the economies of both can overcome bad politics. Look at the -- we could argue about the level of recovery, but the fact of the matter is you can't keep the American business environment and the American entrepreneur down. We want to grow, we will grow. And look, I don't view that the French economy all that different.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Back on a more, perhaps, mundane, you've raised the dividend 3 consecutive quarters and that's obviously been pretty impressive. I know it's hard to pin down your tax liabilities and such like as we go forward. Is it reasonable to think we're going to get this every quarter now?
David E. Simon: Well, at some point, not every quarter. We're still chasing our taxable income. So the answer is, at some point, we'll catch up. But I shouldn't really say more than that, other than at some point it will -- we're still chasing it. At some point, we'll catch up, but we're still chasing it.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: I mean, is it any way possible to characterize the growth in the dividend relative to the FFO? I mean, I know it's probably too nefarious at this point to do that. But if you would degrade your FFO by, say, 10%, growth in the dividend is going to be the order of 12% or 13% in the most general terms?
David E. Simon: I mean, there's a lot that goes into it, especially with asset composition changing. But put that aside, I mean the fact is, our earnings are really growing and our dividends really got to grow.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: It's going to grow faster, okay.
Stephen E. Sterrett: It's Steve. There clearly is a correlation between your dividend growth and your FFO growth. It's not a perfect correlation because, as an example, in an acquisition, we may get a step up in assets, which allows more depreciation expense. So you may not have as much taxable income growth as you do FFO growth, but there is a high correlation.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Nathan Isbee from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just actually focusing on the core multiple portfolio. Your sales have been growing double digits quarter after quarter, yet the rent spreads, they're strong but still aren't back to where they were a few years ago. And it's still an uncertain world and you have some tenants downsizing. But what point, given the sales productivity, can you say to the tenants, "Sorry, we're going to demand rents to reflect the sales progress," and see that acceleration in the rent spreads?
David E. Simon: Rick, you want to?
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes. There are a couple of things that are relevant in evaluating the spreads. One, if you look at the growth in our average rent, it has been going up considerably every quarter. Secondly, we are building into our leases annual increases in rent. If you go back historically, before we did that, when a lease expired, you had a much lower base rent because we weren't getting consistent guaranteed bumps in minimum rent over the term of the lease. And that has been a major advantage for us in order to take the risk of tenant performance out of our financial matrix. And when you look at the spreads that we're having, build that in, it's been a considerable benefit.
David E. Simon: And I would -- look, Nate, I would also just add that, look, sales are important, but it -- there is also, I mean, let's face it, everything is going well, we're running the business better. You can always get better, but there's still a number of retailers that are having margin pressure or comp sales pressures. And that puts pressure on our business and so that's why the spreads aren't -- not everybody in the retail world is hitting on all cylinders. And they may have margin pressures which puts pressure. We want them in the center or we don't have backups right away. So there's still -- obviously, our average is really important because of the size and they give you a real good indication. But the reason it's not $8 or $10 is because there is a handful of retailers that are important in the portfolio that are under margin pressures or sales pressures. And instead of just telling them, "Get lost," we're still working with them as they try to improve their business.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: All right. And then just quickly on the Halton Hills. You've only announced one tenant. Can you give us maybe a little more detail on it?
David E. Simon: Sure. Rick will list you some tenants.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes. We're basically 60% committed now and leases that are going, Banana, Brooks, Cole Haan, Converse, Gap, Levi, Nike, Puma. We talked about The Bay, Under Armour, Calvin Klein, Hugo Boss, Michael Kors. It's going to be an outstanding selection of retailers and we're going to create what is going to be the unique Premium Outlet environment in that market.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So given that tenant mix, another competing center perhaps a few miles closer to Toronto you think people will be willing to drive past to get to yours?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I'm not going to really comment on this other potential site other than to say there are a lot of merits to our site and, Nate, we're opening next year, okay. We don't have to get any approvals, we're done, we're under construction and we'll lease the center, so I don't know what else I can tell you other than that. And you can draw your own conclusions. We're done, we're moving and we have no worries.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line Ben Yang from KBW.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: David, going back to your comments on the new players making a push into the mall industry. I'm just curious what you think these newcomers might mean to the small industry longer term given that it's an oligopoly that obviously benefits from fewer, rather than more owner-operators?
David E. Simon: I missed part of your -- can you just restate it because I just -- the connection wasn't that good.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just obviously private equity trying to make -- increase their presence in the mall space. It's an oligopoly. Fewer owners are better than more owners, and I'm just curious to get your thoughts on what this might mean to the industry longer term?
David E. Simon: Well, I certainly don't use oligopoly as any -- by any stretch of imagination. I mean, retail, if you want to hear my -- I'll save you a lot of diatribe here, but retail is really competitive. Malls compete with all sorts of retail, online, strip centers, Lifestyle centers. So that may be your view of the world. It's not mine because we -- it is really a competitive industry across the board and it's tough, very tough. So the more the people want to come into the business and put capital into it, I think the better for us. I'm not sure I answered your question. Look, at the end of the day, operating your real estate is -- the key to success in retail real estate primarily is to contract at the sale [ph] office. Has been operating it better versus buying it, right, and then finding the right time that cap rates are x and waiting for cap rates to move in your favor. That's not always the case. But generally, unlike office where it's really more of a potential timing where it can help. So the answer for a lot of those folks is just how do they operate it? And can they operate it effectively? And if they can, maybe they'll make money, which I think is -- which is good. It attracts more capital. Institutionally, and Steve can comment on it, I mean, institutionally, the level of interest from deep money institutional investors in high-quality retail assets has never been higher and price is secondary because they look at the returns -- I shouldn't say price, going in yield is a secondary consideration. It's really the growth of the NOI. And I mean, it's never been higher, frankly. But again, the need for us to look at that source of capital is not critical, but it's never been higher.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But I guess the difference this time is that unlike a passive attention [indiscernible] that gives you guys money. These guys are trying to actual platforms to run their businesses, but that is helpful. But just moving along, you also made comments that the B malls are firming up. I think Rick mentioned retailers are generally opening up across the board. You're obviously always trying to cull the low end of the portfolio. But does this make you maybe more or less inclined to sell your B malls, maybe taking advantage of mall buyers out there, but maybe at the risk of missing the recovery in the B mall space?
David E. Simon: No. Look, I think we're good enough to know what we believe in, in the future and what is better in other people's hands in terms of just a poor allocation of our human resources. And sometimes, it's okay to sell and let somebody redevelop it just because we've got enough to do and we want to allocate our resources elsewhere. So I think we can handle that issue in particular. And I said I like the fact that there's more people coming into that market, might lead to a few more sales from us over a period of time.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Rich Moore from RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: David, on Klepierre, can you buy or build something together in a joint venture given that you guys sit on the board of Klepierre?
David E. Simon: Sure. I mean, it would have to be subject to approval of their board without us participating. But certainly, sure. I wouldn't say -- yes, absolutely. I mean, if we had a development or acquisition and we could certainly partner. It would have to be approved by the board without our involvement, but sure.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, all right. Good. And then, on Del Amo, that has always struck me as very good real estate. I used to live out there in that area. And yet nothing has ever -- nothing seems to ever come on that asset.
David E. Simon: Yes, we know, we know.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I mean, what are you guys thinking there? I mean, what is the plan? You said you were working on a big redevelopment there. What is the idea?
David E. Simon: Well, I'll let Rick start. But you're 100% right. It's been a source of frustration for us. I mean, we were working on some plans when we bought Mills in April of '07, right. Those got derailed by the '09 crunch. They're back up and running. We have real confidence in that. Otherwise, we wouldn't have bought. That was ahead of our bigger deal with Farralon. Rick, this is Contis's baby. He's not here to tell you about it because it might take 10 minutes. But Rick can give you the highlights of what we're doing, and we would hope definitively to really start this thing next year. But let Rick, can give you the high level.
Richard S. Sokolov: Just a couple of bullet points. One, you can change everything about a property other than where it is, and it's in a great, great market that is really underserved by fashion retailing. We've got interest from a couple of fashion anchors. We've got great support from the city and we're looking at a total redevelopment of the property that would substantially change its character by keeping some of the existing anchors, replacing some of the anchors, adding anchors and the best thing is we've got substantial demand from retailers and restaurants. So there's a lot to do. We're spending a great deal of time on it. We have people based out there that are working on it on a constant basis, and we're very optimistic we're going to be able to do it.
David E. Simon: And the only thing I'd say, given the size of the property, it's going to be in a couple of phases. But the first phase we would hope to start in '13.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So this is probably a few hundred million dollars in total, something like that?
David E. Simon: Yes, I think that's probably right.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And do you think we'll get that fashion department store that the previous CEO of Mills promised us about 6 or 7 years ago?
David E. Simon: We'll let you know.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, good. And then a couple quick questions for Steve. Were there any acquisition expenses this quarter? I mean, I can't figure out where they might be. I thought they might be in G&A, but I didn't see anything in there.
Stephen E. Sterrett: They were not, Rich. Under the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, when you make an equity investment, you capitalize those expenses, so they've been capitalized as part of the investment in Klepierre line.
David E. Simon: And I'd just say we have de minimis cost on that Farallon deal that we just put in other expenses.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the percentage rents in the joint venture jumped pretty significantly, and I'm assuming that's because there's more percentage rents in the Klepierre portfolio. Is that right?
Stephen E. Sterrett: There were no -- we did not record any results associated with Klepierre in the first quarter, Rich. So that's organic activity related to the portfolio.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So why would those be so high? They seemed abnormally high. Maybe I'm missing something, but they seemed unusually high.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, there's -- we have a number of venture properties in very, very good markets that have been benefiting from the influx in visitors and that's what you're seeing. We've had great sales programs.
David E. Simon: And also that includes the Japan -- some of the Japan expansions and all those are -- in Japan, they're all basically, and in Korea, they're all percentage rent deals. So we've had great success there. The one thing on our...
Stephen E. Sterrett: In fact, that's a good point, David, because part of the results driving the JV line, Rich, are if you remember, last year, was the earthquake in Japan, so we had much better results coming out of Japan first quarter of '12 compared to '11.
David E. Simon: And one thing just to keep everybody in perspective, when I mentioned all these assets, our international outlets on average do about 1,000 a foot. And those are not in the numbers that I stated at the end of my prepared remarks.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Michael Mueller from JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just one question. You obviously have been very complementary of Klepierre, and you seem like you want to be in Europe longer term. So just thinking, what would cause you not to step up and increase your investment over time once the option period becomes effective? Is it just what's going on with the sovereign issues in Europe or is it something else?
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, it's hard to know exactly where we are and what we're doing, but look, I think, as I said to you that what we have done there and what the company, all the assets and intangibles that the company, the company being Klepierre, possess I think just gives us tremendous amount of optionality on the whole of Europe, and we'll see where that goes.
Operator: Your final question will be coming from the line of the Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. Brazil and China, did you guys talk about potential yields on those developments, what that could look like?
David E. Simon: Not yet because we do that once we start construction, but I would say to you, Brazil -- I said it a little bit earlier, I mean, we would expect them to be consistent with kind of mall yields there, double digits. And China, we would expect that to be consistent with our Asian development, which have all been in the mid-teens. But we'll give more clarity to that once we start construction on something.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on the Phoenix construction, could you talk about that in relation to Arizona Mills being so nearby, whether that creates any issues in regards to trying to lease up that asset?
David E. Simon: Not really. We view them as 2 separate distinct markets. Arizona Mills is more of an infill project. It's actually weathered the Phoenix situation pretty well, the Phoenix economy pretty well. And we think they'll hopefully be a little bit complementary, and we'd expect given the infill location and the fact that the outlet will probably drive more tourism where Arizona Mills is probably more -- considered more of a regional mall in the sense in terms of less tourism that they'll both be able to prosper as the economy continues to improve.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And that's despite the fact that Arizona Mills has a whole bunch of outlet-oriented stores in it already?
Richard S. Sokolov: I think you need to focus. Arizona Mills is almost 1.3 million square feet. It's got a substantial entertainment component with a theater and sea life. It has a number of tenants that are, as David said, regional mall-type tenants. There's a Penney outlet. There's Forever 21, there's H&M. So it really is focused on a much broader market. And while there will be some overlap, it's a relatively small percentage of the square footage in the merchants of Arizona Mills.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it, that's helpful. And then to Klepierre, is the European market dramatically different such that the Simonization process that you guys are so good at in the U.S., is that easily transferable to these assets from generating ancillary income, banner income like all the kind of other things that you kind of established as industry practices here in the U.S. How easy can you really translate that over to their stuff?
David E. Simon: It's certainly more of a challenge than it is here, but we have had some success in our previous European investments in doing that. And what's interesting, it's changed a lot in that the retailers are now much more global than the ones that we deal with in the U.S. and in Europe. So I'm hopeful that it won't be as easy as it is here in doing that. I mean, when we buy something that we don't own, it's a pretty easy transition. There, it's going to take more time, but I think the opportunity exists.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just one more last question. In regards to this question about A malls and B malls, I think they've all been pushing, trying to get confirmation from you that there is demand similar to the B malls. But you don't quite seem to want to confirm that. Just kind of curious one way or another why that's so?
David E. Simon: Well, I think all we said is we don't like to say A or B malls. You know our portfolio. You can decide what you think of it. We like it a lot. And our statistics that we report on each quarter would have to -- given that it's a huge asset base, it would -- the averages are meaningful, and I don't think we could produce these results if only the top end of the assets were producing results. So how does that answer the question?
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Well said.
David E. Simon: Okay. It's hard for me to -- I appreciate the conflict because that's a real challenge sometimes.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions in queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. David Simon for any closing remarks.
David E. Simon: Okay. Thanks for your time. Hopefully, we didn't take too long, and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great weekend.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelly J. Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David E. Simon - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Stephen E. Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David Harris Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Gautam Desai  James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Cathy, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's call to Ms. Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Shelly J. Doran: Good morning, and welcome to Simon Property Group's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for detailed discussion. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe it is important to note that our call includes time sensitive information that may be accurate only as of today's date, February 3, 2012. During today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the earnings release or the company's supplemental information package that was included in this morning's form 8-K. This package is also available on the Simon website, in the Investors section. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David E. Simon: Good morning. We reported FFO of $1.91 per diluted share for the quarter, which represents an increase of 6.1% over FFO in the fourth quarter of 2010. FFO for the fourth quarter was $0.065 higher than the midpoint of our increased guidance range provided in October of 2011 with our third quarter results. These results exceeded the First Call consensus by $0.01 per share, and we have now met or exceeded expectations for 30 of the past 32 quarters, which is an 8-year run. This quarter capped off a great 2011 for SPG, our FFO growth per share was 14% for the year, expected to be amongst the highest of all the REITs. Our FFO of $6.89 per share was $0.365 higher than the midpoint of our original guidance provided in February of 2011. For our malls and outlets, total sales on a rolling 12-month basis were $536 per square foot, up 10.7% from $484 as of December 31, 2010. Occupancy was 94.8%, which was 30 basis points higher than the year-earlier period and 90 basis points higher than the end of the third quarter. The releasing spread for the rolling 12 months was $5.20 per square foot, a positive of 10.5%. Our releasing spread continues to grow at a steady pace as deal quality continues to improve. Resulting -- the following resulted in our comparable property net operating income growth of 4.5% for the quarter, which had a positive impact from overage rent and our year comp NOI growth came in at 3.4%. During the fourth quarter and subsequent to year end, we completed several property transactions. We dissolved our joint venture with the Macerich Company and exchanged our 15% ownership interest in 6 malls and 1 community center with them for their ownership interest in 5 malls and 1 community center. No cash was exchanged other than customary net working capital adjustments. We disposed of our interest in 3 properties; Gwinnett Place, Factory Merchants Branson and Crystal River Mall, and this transaction led to a reported gain as disclosed in the financial statements. For the full year 2011, we invested approximately $1.8 billion in acquisition activities with the acquisition of one property and the acquisition of initial ownership interest or increases in ownership interest in 12 properties. For the full year, we disposed of our interest in 10 malls, 3 outlets and one community center for a total value of $550 million. And during January 2012, we acquired an additional 25% ownership interest in Del Amo fashion center, which now increases our ownership interest to 50%. We're extremely excited about the upside potential from this transaction given the redevelopment opportunities that exist there. And also in January, we sold our 49% interest in GCI, which is our Italian interest investment. As a result of this transaction, we no longer own any interest or any assets in Italy. We received aggregate proceeds of $378 million for our equity interest, and we will report a gain in the first quarter of 2012 associated with this transaction. On development, we opened one new development in the fourth quarter. Johor Premium Outlets in Malaysia, it's 100% leased. Initial sales are very good, and we plan on working on Phase 2 of that transaction -- that development. We also have, as you know, 2 new outlet projects under construction in Merrimack, New Hampshire and Southeast Houston, Texas. Both will open later this year. We currently have 23 renovation and expansion projects under construction in the U.S. with completion dates scheduled for 2012 and 2013, including which is the major restoration of Opry Mills, which is scheduled to open March 29 of this year. We are very excited about that. That event has been a long tough road to get that mall back to where it will be a very productive asset for us.  In 2011, we spent approximately $400 million in new development, redevelopment and renovation activities. We have identified 20 new development, expansion and renovations where we expect to begin construction in 2012. Three that I want to highlight, importantly, in our Premium Outlets projects. First, today in fact, or maybe yesterday, depending on how you're thinking about Korea's time zone, but we marked the groundbreaking of a 240,000 square-foot outlet center in Busan in Korea, which is scheduled to open in the fall of 2013. It will be our third project in Korea. We also will begin construction in April of our 360,000 square-foot Phoenix Premium Outlet Center, which will open in the spring of 2013. Additionally, we plan to begin construction of our 360,000 square-foot premium outlet in Toronto this spring with our partner Callaway, and that will open in summer of 2013. We're seeing very good value creation opportunities in these new developments and redevelopment projects, and we are anticipating spending $1 billion in 2012 with all the activity that's going on. That estimated rate, at this point, we anticipate being approximately $1 billion in 2013 and $1 billion in 2014. As always, as construction commences, we'll detail all the cost returns and timing for these projects in our supplemental reporting package.  Let me turn to the capital markets. As you know, in October, the fourth quarter, we closed on our new unsecured revolving credit facility that increased our revolving borrowing capacity to $4 billion. This facility can be increased to $5 billion during its term and can be extended to October 30, 2016, at our sole option. The base interest rate is LIBOR plus 100 basis points. On November 10, 2011, we completed a $1.2 billion senior note offering, which resulted in historically low coupon rates and effective yields with an average weighted all-in yield of 3.6% interest for 8 years, which we are very pleased to do.  And let me turn to our dividends. In the fourth quarter, as you know, we increased our -- fourth quarter 2011, we increased the quarterly dividend of our common stock from $0.80 to $0.90. I'm pleased to announce another increase in the dividend today from $0.90 to $0.95. Our quarterly dividend now has increased 18.8% since the third quarter of 2011. This puts us on a trajectory to pay dividends of at least $3.80 per share in 2012. This morning, we also released guidance for 2012 of $7.20 to $7.30 per share. This guidance includes the near-term dilution resulting from our sale of our GCI business, the proceeds of which have been utilized to pay down short-term floating rate debt currently until that capital is more permanently redeployed. It also reflects downtime with some of our better assets that are undergoing major redevelopments in 2012, including, but not limited to, the Fashion Mall at Keystone here in Indianapolis, South Dale Center, Dadeland, Quaker Bridge and Walt Whitman malls to name a few. And it also reflects the impact of expenses we will incur in connection with the development of our proprietary consumer marketing initiative. In the fourth quarter of last year, I recall that my conclusion addressed concerns voiced by some about our ability to grow in light of our size. We generated funds from operation of an aggregate of $2.4 billion in 2011, a record for us and the industry. This represents an increase of nearly $320 million over our 2010 FFO. By comparison -- by our standards, we have only researched 15 U.S. REITs that in fact have an FFO greater than $320 million in 2011. We will continue to grow our company and deliver excellent results. Our common stock once again outperformed in 2011, generating a total return to our stockholders of 33.6% as compared to the RMS return of 8.7%, and an S&P return of 2.1%. We have now outperformed the RMS for the last 11 consecutive years and have outperformed the S&P 500 in 10 of the last 11 years as well. We're very well-positioned for 2012 with a strong portfolio, irreplaceable assets and a very attractive pipeline of new and redevelopment projects. We look forward to another strong year, and our focus remains on enhancing long-term shareholder value. With that, we're ready for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley of Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm here with Michael Bilerman as well. My first question is maybe for Rick. Just in terms of J.C. Penney's announcement of the main street concept in the 80 to 100 branded shops that they're thinking of introducing into their department store boxes, Rick, I'm just keen for your thoughts on what you think the overall impact might be on the mall?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, let me just take a step back. We obviously are very excited about anything that'll make our properties better, and we want all of our tenants to be as good as they can be. And certainly, Ron Johnson and his new management team have energized all the constituencies based on the introduction of the strategy. And we hope they can implement it. As to your specific question, the concept of having the in-store shops is certainly not a new one. And if you walk our mall and walk the existing vendor matrixes of our department stores, you're going to find dozens of retailers that have wholesale presence in the department stores along with very robust in-line, full-priced specialty stores in our malls. Just an example: Nike, Skechers, Coach, Sephora, Bare Essentials, Kiel's, Art of Shaving, I could go on and on. So the answer is that we don't think it's going to be a particularly negative impact, and we hope it's going to be a lot stronger to enhance the market share of our properties.
David E. Simon: Let me just make it even simpler than that. He's a great retailer, we think it will be great for the mall environment. We look forward to working with Ron who we know well during his -- both his Target days and his Apple days.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And, David, just regarding your capital shopping center stake. There were some related party transactions announced regarding a plant in Glasgow and an option on land in Spain. I understand that you're sort of now a passive investor in that REIT. But I'm just keen for your thoughts on those transactions, and whether or not that changes the way you view earning the stock?
David E. Simon: Well, that's a very good question. Needless to say, I think we're in -- we were disappointed in the Spain transaction. I think the company needs to focus on improving the U.K. shopping center environment and its centers. And even though the transaction is not overly material, I think it's a bad use of management's focus to go ahead and spend time in Spain. Needless to say, we all know what's going on in Spain in terms of unemployment retail sales. And certainly, as a large real estate owner, we understand that we want to look at things on the long-term basis. But in my humble opinion, this management team has no business being and pursuing projects outside of its native territory in the U.K. And it is -- puts doubt into me the strategy that the company is undertaking. Obviously, I don't have to reiterate how they viewed our offer and whether or not they acted in the best interest of shareholders. At this point, I think we have the better argument in that case, and I'm waiting for an explanation as to why. In fact, they're pursuing, looks to me like just the divergence of focus. Whether or not it'll impact our stake, it's too early to tell, but I am waiting for some kind of explanation from the management team.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: David, it's Michael Bilerman. Just one quick question, you talked about cost relating to proprietary customer marketing initiatives, and it sounds like that's all the Simon Groupon-type stuff that a lot of the customer data and technology stuff that you've been doing. Can you just elaborate a little bit more about sort of what you intend to spend and sort of timing of when things will come to fruition?
David E. Simon: Yes, look, the spend -- we have allocated in our budget a spend that I don't want to get too specific, but there will be an investment that we will spend. We'll have some, obviously, we're going to be expensing all of these so there's no capitalization of it. It's not going to change the materiality of the company. And given the prospects of a successful creation of a product, we think it's worthy of the investment. Now our goal right now, Michael, is to debut this product in the Northeast for the fourth quarter of this year. And there is not complete certainty that we'll do that just because it is complicated, and we want certainly a handful of important retailers to join in our effort, but that's what we're anticipating to be. We would prototype this and debut it in up to 5 properties in the Northeast, and look to see what kind of adoption or what kind of product acceptance we get and then tweak it from there. But that's the goal. The materiality of it -- materiality is in the eyes of the beholder. I will just say it's not going to detract overly. It's certainly more than a rounding error, but it's something that we want to invest in. Connecting with the consumer, understanding the consumer, is I think critical to the future of mall ownership, so this is where we're going to embark. We'll see where it goes from there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Habermann of Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just focusing on the anchor stores for a moment and maybe just back to sort of Quentin's question on J.C. Penney. As you think about sort of leaders in the category, and I guess you could put Macy's, Nordstrom and certainly the positive news on J.C. Penney, how are you thinking about potential closings over the next couple of years, and perhaps capital that might need to be invested as some of the sales or market share erosions for others that are declining -- or accelerating sorry?
Richard S. Sokolov: If you look at our capital that have been spent, and we show you every quarter all the activity we have, this is really an ongoing process. Over the years, we replaced probably over 60 anchors from all the different consolidations. And in virtually every case, the property ends up stronger, and we've been able to generate good returns as a result of that process. We don't envision that this time period is going to be any different.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So you're not concerned about the number of closings accelerating in the near-term?
Richard S. Sokolov: We, frankly, based on all the announcements from Sears, that included none of our properties. And Ron Johnson and his presentation reiterated his strong belief in malls and the significant opportunity that his stores have in malls.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And maybe just switching gears a moment, I mean, David, you mentioned the very strong performance over the last decade. And clearly U.S. sales have recovered and more than some since the last downturn and your stock now at an all-time high. How do you think about sort of the best opportunities for growth or new investment over the intermediate term, say, the next 3 years or so, and specifically you've talked about Brazil, you've talked about China and obviously Europe's been in the cards as well?
David E. Simon: Well look, Jay, it's absolutely clear to us that the best thing that we can do and why we added to the executive range here is redevelopment in our core business. And we anticipate, again, things can change, and I think I am pleased that we got confidence coming out of the economic upheaval sooner than a lot of folks that this year we're going to spend, I mean, always, things take longer than you want and things flop from one year to the next and redevelopment -- development. But this year, we're budgeting $1 billion. And it looks like we're going to spend $1 billion next year, and these are all very high return on investment activities. So to me, that the absolute #1 priority, we've got 2 new outlet that are going to open this year. Let's not lose sight of that. We've got the restoration of Opry, which has been closed for I don't know how long, but too long, 2.5-plus years. And we're starting construction in 2 outlets, Phoenix and Toronto, in the next 60 days as just example. And then we've got all sorts of expansions on the outlet side and the mall side, so to me, that's the focus. I think you'll see something from us in Brazil, something from us in China, but it won't be a big grand, huge, unique, big investment on either one. But I think you'll see us enter those markets thoughtfully. And we're out of Europe right now, and I have -- at this point, I have no regrets from that decision. So Europe is a different animal.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You timed it well. Just in terms of the starts on the premium outlet side, can you talk about the pre-leasing at this point? And maybe, Rick, just sort of where you are on '12 lease rolls?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, on the outlet side, Galveston is frankly substantially leased. We expect to open that thing almost 90% with a great collection of tenants. And Merrimack is opening this year. And we're frankly almost -- we're 95% leased there. In terms of our rollovers, we're about halfway through our '12 and with very good momentum in that business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Harris of Imperial Capital.
David Harris: Can you just elaborate a little bit more on the dividend? I for one was a little surprised that your board chose to increase it again -- I mean, having increased it last quarter?
David E. Simon: Well, David, it really boils down to simple calculus, which is we are chasing our taxable income. And it is likely that we're going to have to chase our taxable income all year. So we're trying to do it in the most thoughtful way. We did listen to the marketplace about the special dividend, the world was less than excited about it. To me, $0.20 of cash is still $0.20 of cash, but we listened. And we're looking to chase our taxable income the rest of this year and then in the future. So -- I mean it really just boils down to that simple calculus.
David Harris: So it's reasonable to expect there could be another review subsequently this year?
David E. Simon: We're -- I think it's reasonable to assume that every quarter it's going to go under -- taxable income for any entity, any big company, is complicated. It's certainly, in our case, complicated because not only do you have taxable income from just a normal business, but you've got acquisitions, sales, obviously we're going to get future depreciation from all the investment we're in, et cetera, but the fact of the matter is it's going to have to be under intense scrutiny each quarter from here on out the rest of this year. And it's likely we're going to have to chase it a little bit this year. And the good news, it ain't going down.
David Harris: And with regard to Europe, your comments, do they include or exclude the U.K.?
David E. Simon: I would say they -- I would include -- I've been more impressed frankly with the U.K. government's actions. So I think just from a macro point of view, I almost feel little bit better about kind of what they're trying to do macro there. But put that aside because I'm certainly no expert, I would throw them in the same bucket.
David Harris: One final question, I think it was on this call a year ago that you talked about the biggest decision you were going to be looking to make this year, i.e. in '12 -- I'm sorry, '11, would be whether to really tap the capital markets. I know you raised the $1.2 billion of unsecured and you looked to your revolver. But it didn't really -- the market didn't really kind of force that decision, I mean, how do you look at the world today particularly in the light of Bernanke suggesting that -- or telling us that the Fed is going to remain on hold through the end of '14?
David E. Simon: Well, I think we have the ability to be extraordinarily thoughtful and patient there. I mean we have no capital needs. Really, '12 and '13, if you look at our balance sheet other than typical refinancing of mortgages, which the market has gotten somewhat better at. And look, if there's a transaction out there is when we'll factor something like that, but right now, even though the capital markets are attractive, at this point we don't see any reason to warehouse capital.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Dave, it's Steve. I'll just add one thing to what David said, which is, we do as as ordinary course of business, rollover a lot of secured debt, and we've been very active with extending duration and locking in rates given the environment that we're in. And in fact, I just happened to look at this, this morning, our weighted average borrowing cost over the course of the last 12 months went down 20 basis points, and on $24 billion of debt, that's a pretty meaningful move. So while the headline, "large raise of bond proceeds" we did just once in '11. We were doing a lot of nicking and nacking it around -- rolling over our debt, and it did affect the profile of the balance sheet.
David Harris: And while -- just while I've got you, Steve, and I'm sorry to take up so much time. I know there's a lot of other people waiting. I mean today is the company kind of where you want to be in terms of leverage? Or do you consider yourself to be under-levered or whatever metric you want to use to think of your debt to equity?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, it's certainly a broad question. I will say this. If you look at our coverages today, which are 3x, and you look at the stability of the cash flow that was demonstrated during '08, '09, I think the strength of the balance sheet is pretty evident and the stability of the cash flow has been demonstrated that. I mean typically, we're going to naturally de-lever because of the cash flow we generate, absent the transaction. And as David said, we have the opportunity given the transaction to be very aggressive in the capital markets with the way the financing environment is right now.
David E. Simon: And I would just say I like de-levering.
Stephen E. Sterrett: It's not a bad thing.
David E. Simon: So I have -- again, I mean, we're good at doing deals and making money from doing deals. The spot that we're in right now where we can de-lever, invest in our good real estate is a good spot to be in, and I like that position.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy from UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: In the process with Macerich of dissolving the JV, as you came to an agreement on the value of those assets in determining the appropriate split? Can you just talk about the range of the cap rates that were used to value the malls and what was the median cap rate of the portfolio?
David E. Simon: Look, I don't have those numbers right in front of me, but these assets were appraised a while ago, and we basically use those appraisals as the basis, but it's much more simpler than that. The fact is, Macerich expressed an interest in unwinding the deal. We said fine, suggest to us how you would do it. They came back and said, well, you can choose between the 2 pools of assets. The one that they manage and the one we manage. We looked at the real estate, we looked at the relative values, and we chose the pool that they were managing, and it was really -- since the appraisals were done, I don't know, a year-plus ago when we were -- we had a discussion about the same kind of topic. At that point, it was just what -- whether or not we wanted to proceed on the basis that they suggested, and we did. And it's as simple as that and it wasn't a -- we didn't sit there and negotiate values. They gave us an option A and an option B, and we chose option A. And they were left to decide whether what they offered was good, and we were left to decide whether or not what they offered was good for us. And we're pleased with the outcome.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just with regards to the sale of the GCI portfolio, I'm wondering if you could disclose the cap rate? And can you talk about your -- sort of IRR over the life of that investment, so what was your undepreciated cost basis in GCI?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, we'll -- you'll see the gain in the first quarter. It was an okay deal. It was not a great deal. The cap rates sale based upon '12 is around a 6.5 cap rate. We learned a lot. It was good experience. Ocean was a good partner. The reason we got out, we were more worried about the macro environment than they were. The redevelopment that was offered was less returns than what we wanted. And we had a mutually agreeable way to unwind, very similar to Macerich. That's what happens sometimes. And the cap rate was 6.5. It was an highly levered entity. That's why will have dilution this year. I think Steve, $0.06, $0.07 in our numbers. So had we not sold it, we would have had guidance higher. But we think in the long run, it was the right thing to do. It was an okay deal, not a great deal. I don't know what our IRR was, but the gain you'll see in the first quarter.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then just lastly, regarding the debt coming due on Mills this year. You have the $655 million senior facility and then another I think $1 billion of mortgage that's coming due. Can you talk about plans for refinancing all that, are you having preliminary discussions on the facility? And would you expect any resulting changes to the partnership this year?
David E. Simon: The mortgage refinancing is all in process, so we anticipate that happening again. You've got to remember some of those deals Mills is TMLP, our partnership with Fairlawn is a small partner in some of those assets. So the gross number sounds bigger than what the actual TMLP's responsibility is. And if you then look at our responsibility as half the owner of TMLP, it's even smaller. The senior and the net debt, we are just starting discussions with the senior lenders. No issue there. We expect -- we built up a significant amount of cash in TMLP to deal with any refinancing requirements, that's in process. We'll spend the next couple of months doing that. And the last one, look, you never know, partnerships sometimes are built to last a long, long time. And sometimes, they unwind in a very positive way. And I would expect that we'll have a positive outcome. It's been a good partnership, and it will either continue on, on a very good basis or we'll figure something else out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa of ISI group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, I had just a couple of technical questions as it relates to Page 15. I guess the interest and other interest and dividend income went down. And I guess, we were under the impression that you were due a dividend from CSC, and I'm just wondering if that's the case, whether there was a timing or something else is going on in that line item?
Stephen E. Sterrett: There's something else going on it, Steve. If you look at the balance sheet, you'll also see a decrease in our deferred cost and other assets. I think we had mentioned on prior calls that we held some mortgages as investments on other shopping centers. And those mortgages were paid back at their maturity date.
David E. Simon: We were really bummed on that front.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Secondly, I just noticed that down on the other expense line item, the other figure jumped quite a bit for the quarter and is up pretty significantly for the year. Is there anything you can sort of talk about, does that relate to any of these projects, David, that you talked about in terms of this consumer marketing initiative? Or is there something else in that line item?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Steve, it's really a function and you'll see the line right above it on Page 15 as well, the professional expenses was up quite a bit in the quarter. We've got a lot of transaction activity going on, some of which materialized in the fourth quarter, some of which David alluded to, it's potential activity in '12, and it's just a combination of costs related to those. Some are professional expenses, some are related expenses, but they are all driven by transaction or potential transaction equity that we've got in the hopper right now.
David E. Simon: But it didn't -- we have been using BCG to help us work, scope out, work on this initiative that we hope to prototype and debut in the fourth quarter. And so some of those expenses are also rolling through that number.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So it's fair to assume that the 12-month number's maybe inflated, or you do you think those are good run rates?
Stephen E. Sterrett: No, I think the '12 -- I think the fourth quarter number, Steve, is higher than what you would see on a run-rate basis.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Maybe I missed it, did you guys -- I know you gave guidance, but did you give the same store guidance for the year?
David E. Simon: No, Steve, we really decided to change the -- we've decided in '10, if you go back in '10, we decided not to do that any longer, just to give you kind of the gross number. And so the answer is no, we did not do that. And obviously, we feel confident it will be positive this year. But we decide -- we do not give that number out.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just in terms of leasing spreads, is there anything you could sort of talk about in terms of how it progressed throughout the year? I'm just trying to figure out if you kind of exited the year at a substantially stronger rate as you kind of go into '12, and does that kind of 10.5%, 11% number sort of have kind of upward bias to, as you look into '12?
Richard S. Sokolov: We did have positive progress throughout the year quarter-over-quarter in our spreads, and we are seeing better demand as we enter into '12. We've already made very good progress towards our '12 renewals in the mall business, so we anticipate a positive bias in that spread.
David E. Simon: And look, Steve, we -- I just wanted, the retail real estate business is still tough, okay. And we are grinding like no other time. And our results, our sales, our occupancy and our rents are all obviously very positive. But it is a grind, and there are retailers that continue to downsize and continue to -- we continue to have struggles on leasing some of that space up and getting the market rent on some of that space, so we still feel positive about it, but it -- there is still work to be done. And it is not -- it's a lot of work to produce these results.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. My last question, could you just circle back on the Toronto project? I mean you were pretty adamant when you were starting that project and I realized there's kind of been a head-to-head competition up there. What can you sort of tell us about leasing or kind of the state of the site, any more details about that project?
David E. Simon: Emphatically, we're going to start in the spring, so we're -- we feel we're permitted to go. We're finishing it up. Leasing, look, we're in a different spot than others in the outlet business. We have the -- we can rely on the experience and judgment of having 70 Premium Outlets, Mills assets throughout the world. We don't necessarily need to pre-lease. We're pros. We're experts in this business. The answer is, we've got real interest. We've got certain commitments, and barring something unforeseen, both of those that I mentioned, we will be starting construction. So we're a little different. We understand this business very well. We know the risks about starting construction whether you're fully leased or not. We've done it in the past in the outlet business, and we're good to go on both of these deals.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan of Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to go back to the dividend a little bit. I mean, you've got -- based on kind of where you are now, your FFO payout ratio is only 52-some percent. You got a big portfolio as you burn through your depreciation basis, you said you're kind of chasing taxable income. And I kind of wonder, I mean do you have a feel for, I mean your guidance for FFO is relatively narrow. Do you have a feel for kind of where -- how much you might have to grow the dividend, is dividend going to be growing at a materially-faster pace than FFO going forward short of the deal...
David E. Simon: Well look, Paul it's an entirely appropriate question and obviously this is a great dialogue at the board level. So it's hard for me to be really specific. But based upon what I know, it's -- we're going to have to, I would think, continue to raise our dividend the rest of the year. It doesn't give you a guidance on how much and when. But we want a little bit more data coming in with the first quarter ops. We want to understand what if any transactions transpire or happen, or what have you that may have some impact on that. But what I know today, obviously subject to counsel with the board, $0.95 will not be enough per quarter to pay out our -- 100% of our taxable income.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Does -- I mean, you generate a lot of free cash flow right now and kind of fought over the years to grow that half the dividend. Does -- I mean, does this make it any more -- make you anymore inclined to pursue deals? I mean, because obviously that's one side benefit of a large transaction?
David E. Simon: Only -- look, not at all really because -- and I mentioned it early, we've got so much going on with the existing portfolio and all of the redevelopment and new development. And again there is nothing wrong with generating the cash, increasing the dividend, de-levering and just keep doing what we're doing. So I feel absolutely no need or pressure to do any deal whatsoever. And I like kind of the model we've got, that's not to say we won't. If we think we like the real estate that we would get, at the end of the day, but I am -- I don't like parting with our cash right now. I like reinvesting it in our portfolio. So we're entirely pleased with what's going on here.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on that note, you've got $700 million or so in -- what your supplemental talks about as being kind of renovation and expansion. Doesn't really say much about, which kind of malls are being expanded, but it kind of implies $70 million of incremental NOIs essentially? Can you provide some color on kind of where that's coming from or any kind of big expansion to drive that, it's just looks like sort of renovation but...
David E. Simon: Yes, I mean for instance, in the outlet side we expect to start in Las Vegas and in Orlando and in Desert Hills and Seattle. Seattle is under construction, so those are 4 in that side. In the mall side, we're undergoing a massive extension and redevelopment of Walt Whitman, Quaker Bridge, we've got Opry Mills, we've got King of Prussia. We announced, as you know, at KLP that we're going to connect the 2 malls. We are in planning phase on that now, obviously working with the town on approvals. Those are just -- Nanuet is -- the mall has been shutdown. We're going to start construction there finally. La Plaza, we're going to add a second level on. We've got major redos, new department stores, new food courts, examples with Keystone, Dadeland and Southridge in Milwaukee. Plaza Carolina has been -- several boxes have been added. So those are just off the top of my head. When we start construction, we put it in the 8-K, and I think you'll see addition to that disclosure as the year progresses.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just my last question on occupancy. You ended the year I think maybe it's not your highest number ever and -- are you reaching a point at kind of 94A [ph], I know some of it is seasonally high, but where you're sort of at a frictional max? How much farther do you think you can drive portfolio, occupancy? And if it's not much farther, does that mean you can start pushing rents harder?
David E. Simon: Well, I think -- yes, you're right, there is the frictional number. This year will be a little bit interesting because we do have a lot of movement going on with the portfolio as you might imagine with all the development spending. So -- but put that aside, I think there are some improvement. But I think now the focus is on improving the quality of the 95% that were leased. And we didn't have that luxury obviously in '09, '10 and to some extent '11. We're still going to feel pressure in '12 with certain retailers, but I think the focus now, hopefully, is to marginally improve that occupancy. But it's really going to be taking the existing occupancy, maybe stabilizing that as it is, but really improving who's in the space.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I'm impressed you guys are in with all the stuff going out there in Indi.
David E. Simon: Well, we're so focused on what we do.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I figured you guys would be renting out the parking spots for additional FFO.
David E. Simon: That's true. We've got sponsorship on our building that may have a big impact on our fourth quarter -- first quarter. But we're so focused on what we do we have blinders on this -- for this week in any event. In fact, we are so focused on what we do that we forgot that the Super Bowl with this, so when I planned our board meeting and our earnings call. We could have probably picked a better week.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just quickly, it sounds like in Europe, obviously the macro situation didn't help any, but it sounds like the yields that you were seeing over there from your investments just were not meeting your expectation and the macro situation just sort of was the hair on the camel's back. As if you think about Brazil and China, what are the returns or what are the return premiums over what you would invest at in the U.S.? What are you looking for in those different markets?
David E. Simon: Well, I think the development returns in Brazil are well-articulated. And I think in our view in Brazil, what we would do is develop, as opposed to buy there. And I think the development yields that they try to achieve the 15% kind of return on cost would be where our focus would be. And China is -- we've got opportunities. I was over there in December. We're working on a couple of outlet deals, but the numbers side of that equation, all that kind of the financial due diligence is still in a work in progress. But if it's not a premium to what we do here, we just -- there's just no reason do it. Even though you might argue that the NOI growth will offset that, I still want to invest at higher levels than I can here, that's the frustration, let's say going to Europe and doing a lot of redevelopment, but we do see, as we pencil out China and Brazil, just like we have in -- seen in Japan, seen in Korea, seen in Malaysia, all of those are higher development yields than we would gather here -- garner here I should say.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. So by implication then, when you were considering the capital shopping, then despite the low going in yield that the U.K. commands, from your underwriting, you were seeing returns that were in excess of the U.S., is that fair?
David E. Simon: I was really referring to new development, okay? I think what we saw there and again, recall that our deal was subject to due diligence. We saw at the end of the day, yields comparable to what we would pay here on acquisitions, yet once we got our hands on the fact that management operations could be improved, and so, I just -- I don't want to confuse development yields with acquisition yields, and we saw kind of comparable acquisition yields in the U.K., comparable to what we would pay here. With supply issues, they are a lot different than they were here. So on that basis, it was worthy of pursuing it to get to the point where we could validate that initial conclusion, but we weren't access to the books, and therefore, we did not make a formal full bid.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And just the second question, just going back to the dividend, EQR went to a policy where they paid a steady, first, second, third quarter dividend with a true-up in the the fourth. Is that -- as you guys contemplate the dividend, is that something that would be, that you think would be helpful or would investors be receptive.
David E. Simon: Well, look, that's what we did in '11 and the fact is, the more we talk to people, the less they liked it, so my view would be to try and not do that really create a dividend that equals taxable income, and that as that grows, your dividend grows. So, we would like to get away from the special dividend based, kind of, the true-up dividend, which in our case, was represented by a special dividend. We would like to get away from that, and make it more what I said. Now look, sometimes you never rule out, if you sold $5 billion of properties, and you had a big taxable income, you may -- there may be certain circumstances that you'd have to that, but the fact is, we would like to not do that, and that's what we're going try and achieve in '12, but certainly, as we catch up to our taxable income, we will get away from the special true-up dividend.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim of Macquarie.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: Just a follow-up on Alex's previous questions about Brazil. From a levered return standpoint, would you be funding it locally, or is there some arm of opportunity using your cheap cost of corporate debt to fund development out there?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, we would use our -- the cheapest capital we have is this cash on the balance sheet. What are we getting.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Billion dollars a year.
David E. Simon: No, but what are we...
Stephen E. Sterrett: Forecasting?
David E. Simon: Investing.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Oh, 20, 30 bits.
David E. Simon: 20, 30 bits, so the fact of the matter is any development that we would undertake in Brazil, we're just going to cash-fund, so we wouldn't use any leverage.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: Okay. Is that typically -- would you by JV or by yourself?
David E. Simon: Right now, we're contemplating a JV.
Richard S. Sokolov: And that's probably likely what -- how we'll do that
David E. Simon: And in China as well if we get to that point in China.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: Okay. And last question, if I look at those sales per square foot increases in your portfolio consolidated versus unconsolidated, it seems like the -- your JV probably is a lot better, up 22% year-over-year versus your consolidated, which is up only 9%. Still good, but lording your JV assets. So how should we think about the opportunity for additional JV takeoff in terms of -- are all the JVs, at one point in time, are they all opportunities for you? And broadly speaking, if you could talk about cap rates, not deal-specifically, but for the best assets, where could we see cap rates for these assets and I guess kind of going down the spectrum of quality?
David E. Simon: I would just say part of the difference between the growth in a consolidated and unconsolidated -- we can get a better answer for you on that than just the quality because some of the mix change, and that we put more -- we add more outlets in there now, that we put prime in our numbers. But I think we restated 10 for that in any event. So -- but we can get you a better answer on that. So I think the mix -- our mix in our wholly-owned properties is great. And so there's no real issue between what's in our JV and what's in our consolidated, I mean, just -- in our consolidated, you have Roosevelt Field, King of Prussia, Forum Shops, Woodberry all of the outlet business. So put that aside, that's not to say we don't have some great JV assets, but the basis, much bigger in the consolidated than the JV. So don't read too much into that, now going to your question, cap rates on A assets is -- got to be -- there's not a lot being done in that whole area, but they continue to move lower given that the fact that investors believe in NOI growth for high-quality retail assets. So you tell me, I mean it's low -- it's lower than -- it's in the 4s, maybe. That helps?
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: Yes, it does help. And I guess, one part of that question is...
David E. Simon: ...Assets, I got that we'll be buying in the 4s, so, because you know, but I think there are people out there that would clearly buy in the 4s.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: So, even for your A assets, that you're managing something in the 4s wouldn't be a price that would clear at or a takeout?
David E. Simon: Look, I don't know. I mean it would have to be something really, really unique to get to that. I mean King of Prussia we did not get to that number, there's nothing like that asset especially given its development. So look, it all depends on circumstances, but I do think there are institutional investors out there that would feel comfortable at those kind of iconic assets to be in that level. Whether we would or not, it would take an interesting set of circumstances.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Actually, can you just talk about the volume of move-outs that have happened subsequent to quarter end? Is that in line with prior years and then just on your guidance, where did you guys peg your year-end occupancy?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, on the move-outs, we have basically been consistent historically. We didn't have anything out of the ordinary.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well -- and this is Steve, Jeff. We've also, year-to-date, as you've seen very little bankruptcy activity as well so...
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And what did you say, within your guidance maybe for year-end occupancy as the target?
David E. Simon: Well we don't -- we're really getting away from those kind of specifics. We do it asset-by-asset to build up to our budget. It's -- in our own budget, it's a slight improvement, but we don't give specific numbers, Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, just while I got you guys, and on Sears, just more obviously, more focus on Sears holdings. You're de minimis, I think direct exposure to base rent, but do you have an estimate of what your ultimate financial exposure is through cotenancy rights?
David E. Simon: We -- yes, I would just say, if we do give cotenancies with retailers, we do in some cases and not really happy about it, but we do, do it. It's rare that it's going to be tied to a Sears operating, usually it's 3 out of 4 and something like that. But I would say that particular issue would be de minimis.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just maybe you could talk a little bit about your exposure there. Is there a theme to it, if you will, maybe the majority of your exposures in single- or two-story stores or there in malls of a certain sales production, just curious?
Stephen E. Sterrett: If you look at our Sears portfolio, they are very well situated in our better properties. We have obviously significant numbers so throughout the portfolio. But again, this is nothing new. I mean, this is, we're working with Sears. We are strategizing if in fact the eventuality comes we want to deal with it, we're lining up demand. There is happily substantial demand. And we're just going to have to see how this unfolds. To date, none of our stores have been impacted. And we try to monitor their volumes, and our portfolio as a whole is above average both in terms of gross volumes and sales per foot.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just last 2 questions. One is on Del Amo, are you able to share maybe a cap rate or rough cap rate on that transaction? And then maybe, Steve, can you talk about what you've seen change in the financing market for, I guess, I'd say second-tier market malls, or those with below-average sales production, any movement there?
Stephen E. Sterrett: I can take the second part of the question first, Jeff. We continue to see really pretty robust demand on, call it for lack of a better term, the middle-quality malls. And interestingly enough, it's come from the banks in anticipation of a restart of the CMBS market in 2012 and the ability to syndicate some of these. Pricing has been pretty decent. And as I said, we've been out with 2 or 3 assets, and the demand has been very good.
David E. Simon: Look, Jeff, we don't do individual cap rate, things, malls, other than we really feel like we made a fair deal and one that we'll be able to add value with as we move very aggressively on our redevelopment plans there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carol Kemple of Hilliard Lyons.
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Are there any updates on the St. Louis potential outlet development?
David E. Simon: We're working it, but the short answer is, not really.
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Okay. And then, Steve, I know that G&A expense was up in the quarter. Was that something that's just this quarter, or is that a good run rate going forward?
Stephen E. Sterrett: It's a little bit of both, Carol. There's part of it where it's just the full year impact of compensation plans, but then there is -- a bit of it that is probably not going to repeat in 2012.
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Okay. And then I know you all talked about you feel no pressure to do acquisitions, and you think renovations are a better reinvestment of your capital at this point. If you decided you wanted to do acquisitions, is there anything out there on the market that you have any interest in?
David E. Simon: Do you have any ideas?
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: No, I don't. I like the renovations at your old malls personally.
David E. Simon: The answer is, usually they come about when you least expect it. So again, we -- it's not a high priority, but we look at just about every and any alternative, and though the good news is, but you got to be really disciplined when you have this ability. The good news is we could look at basically any real estate company in the world and decide whether or not it makes sense for us. So -- but comes with that a burden not to screw up. So what's better, you could look at every deal or you're in a position where you can't. I'd rather be in the fact that we can look at every deal, but with that comes some discipline here that we better not make a mistake.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cedrik Lachance of Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: David, earlier you talked about some of the challenges that are still out there when it comes to leasing space in your properties or in the mall business in general. Can you quantify it for mall categories if you will, so what do you observe of A malls versus Bs and Cs?
David E. Simon: Well look, the risk in the A malls is really not a risk because if you do get that space back, you're going to -- you have plenty of demand to lease that up. But it is going to be in the kind of the -- however, you want to characterize, I hate listing malls A, B and C, but it's certainly going to -- the pressure that we have as an owner will be on what people call as the B mall category. And it's surfacing because of tenants like The Gap, the -- PacSun wearers of the world that are still and continuing to connect with the consumer. And again I don't like naming names and pointing retailers out, that's only representation of a couple of retailers that in fact themselves have said they're closing stores. But the fact is, that's where the pressure in the portfolio occurs and is occurring, and that's what we're working to offset. If we get the space back, and the fact of the matter a lot of A malls, retailers that are downsizing, we're taking the opportunity to help with that downsizing by not renewing them in the A malls.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Is it the same with the B malls, who are the replacement tenants when a Gap or a Paxon exit the property?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, there are a lot of people that are very aggressively growing their footprint and that leads to David's point. We're doing deals throughout the quality spectrum with Loft, with Love Culture, Crazy 8, Izumi, Chiles, Cotton On, Francesca's, all of the -- Cabana, all of those tenants are -- H&M. So we're doing with a lot of these tenants throughout the portfolio. And one other point that I want to make is, this billion dollars that we're spending in our portfolio is certainly giving us more attractive properties in terms of the tenants wanting to be in them. It's no accident when we're adding over 35 anchors in our portfolio when we're renovating 20 properties, when we're getting substantially higher growth, that's making us have a better product for our leasing agents, and that's hopefully, going to bear fruit and enable us to deal with the space we get back from the tenants that are shrinking their footprint.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just to finish in terms of the Italian sales, are there any circumstances or tax circumstances associated with repatriating the capital to the U.S.?
Stephen E. Sterrett: None.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Benjamin Yang of KBW.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: David, you talked earlier about how the joint venture with Macerich was carved up, but I don't think you mentioned, was there any consideration to selling those assets outright?
David E. Simon: Not really. The answer is, no. Look, Dave, we're off on our own with each other, so we never really talked about selling the whole portfolio.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And that's just why Steve's comments that the financing market for these mid-tier malls is coming back? I mean is it anticipated that you might end up selling them or selling more above and beyond what you just got from Macerich?
David E. Simon: Well, the fact of the matter is, the portfolio that we got we think there's upside. So we're pleased with the outcome. We think we can move the needle on those assets, and we have no intention at all of selling those assets. So look, we're going to still prune the portfolio. And I think, as Steve said, that the fact the financing market is getting better, I think that will help us. It's been, obviously, that's been a challenge to sell kind of the smaller malls. But with respect to specific -- respected IBM, there's absolutely no desire or interest to sell those assets.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just switching gears, you have made some comments also that you guys are different. You don't need to pre-lease to start the construction, which, to me, it sounds like, kind of a shot across the bar to the competition, so I was just curious, can you...
David E. Simon: I didn't say -- I said we take a different approach. You use the word different, so I don't think I said the word different, but I'd love to go back, I could be wrong.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: But I'm just wondering, can you talk about how retailers have been evaluating the multiple options in those markets that you identified where there is competition. I mean it is just the stalemate that kind of forces you to, what looks like go to do some spec development outlets.
David E. Simon: Well, I think every development is different. A lot of cases, the retailer is using the competitive scenario to drive down rents, and we're seeing that a lot. So the retailer is very adept, very skilled at using the leverage of competition to drive rents down. And in some cases, they're sitting on the sidelines saying, "Well, I want to be -- I want to have an outlet in this marketplace, but you guys figure it out, they're on the sidelines." And in some cases, they have they faith in us, they want to go with us because we've got this knowledge base of all of these assets. And in some cases, they want to go with the other guy because of whatever other reason. So it's all over the board. The fact of the matter is, we don't really pre-lease, period. We're doing Nanuet, and we've got -- that's not an outlet -- and we've got certain commitments from very important retailers. But are we sitting there leasing up the small shop up to a certain percent to where we lease, the answer is, no. We should be able to use our judgment, our experience, whether or not we can get something leased, at what rent, and that's just the way we operate. Certainly not meant to be a shot across the bow for anybody. Everybody can do whatever they want. I have no influence on that at all, but that's how we operate.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful, but at what point do you end up actually buying the land. I mean is it satisfund [ph] that you've actually purchased the land in Phoenix, in Toronto, in St. Louis, is that...
David E. Simon: Phoenix, we have signed the ground lease. I was down there, I don't know, was it last week or 2 weeks ago. It's a ground lease. We're on Indian land, and by the Wildhorse Casino there. So that ground lease is signed. And Toronto, it's all documented and signed, land closing is forthcoming.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: What type of delta is that when you ground-lease something like that versus buying the land outright?
David E. Simon: It tends to have a better return in a lot of cases. Obviously, when we're on Indian land, you can't really buy the land, so that's how it works. And we thought -- we liked the site enough given that, that was -- that was a good outcome for us on that deal.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Desai of Credit Suisse.
Gautam Desai : I will take another retailer example, Williams-Sonoma was amongst your larger tenants 5 years back. And now roughly 40% of their business is online, and about a quarter of their leases are expiring over the next 2 years. And what I'm hearing from multiple conferences is that they are planning to negotiate the rent in those expirations. And if they're not successful, they just plan to move more of their business online. I just wanted to get your thoughts on it, and if this is like indicative of a changing trend in retail in general?
Richard S. Sokolov: I don't believe there's anything out of the ordinary with your example. Williams-Sonoma happens to have a great real estate and great properties. And if their business strategy is such and their productivity is such that they cannot afford to maintain the space that they currently have, they're going to come in and offer us a rent that enables them to maintain their occupancy. If we don't believe that rent is fair market value, they're going to move out and we're going to replace them with somebody that has got a productivity and a business strategy that will enable them to pay what we believe is fair market rent.
Gautam Desai : Right. It makes sense. And another question, are there any acquisitions included in your 2012 guidance?
David E. Simon: Acquisitions?
Gautam Desai : Yes.
David E. Simon: No, there are none.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan of Cowen and Company.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I just have a couple of questions on Del Amo. They obviously are very large asset, and I think David in your prepared comments, you talked about a redevelopment or an investment in that asset. Understood you have just recently increased your share in it. I'm just curious if you can tell us whether the $1 billion for this year and next year of redevelopment includes Del Amo, number one. And number two, if you could talk a little bit about your plans for that asset if you feel able to at this point.
David E. Simon: Well, the $1 billion does not include for this year, because we still think we are in a spot where we're going to use this year for '12 to plan what we're doing, and part of that depends on outcomes with certain discussions with certain stores, but it's a complicated asset. I'll turn it over to Rick to explain. We have a lots of different options. It's complicated, and it's probably better to show you physically than words, but I'll let Rick take it from there.
Richard S. Sokolov: Just very briefly, it's midway between Sentry City and South Coast Plaza. It's positioned to serve all of the great communities on the Pacific Ocean that have -- we have a trade here of 1 million people with $90,000 household income. So we believe there's an opportunity to add fashion anchors. We believe there's an opportunity to add some full-line anchors and completely redevelop the property. It's over 2.275 million square feet. So we've got a lot of FAR and a great market, and we're very focused on bringing that forward. And it's certainly going to be part of the capital spending that David talked about in 2013 and 2014.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya of Jefferies & Company.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two questions. The first one is a Steve/Rick combo. I just wanted to find out what occupancy cost of sales was in fourth quarter. And for new tenants signing leases, what the target is on that number?
Richard S. Sokolov: The occupancy cost in the fourth quarter for the malls and outlets was 11.8%. And really, the way we price our real estate is a function of who's the tenant, what's the productivity of that tenant, what's the mall, what's the space in the mall. So we have a very focused process and all of those factors feed into it.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Could you give a range?
Richard S. Sokolov: It's very hard to do. I think if you look at our -- the leases that we signed, I believe in the fourth quarter were $50 and change starting rent. So that gives you a pretty good barometer of the type of activity that's undergoing in the portfolio right now.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then in regards to guidance, you talked about the $0.07 dilution from GCI. Could you give us a sense on what the dilution is from the consumer marketing initiative, and as well as the downtime from the redevelopment?
Stephen E. Sterrett: We did -- we're not going to give specifics on that, but it's all in our numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay of RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Rick, can you give us a quick rundown of the new retailers and concepts entering the Simon portfolio?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, the ones that are coming in, that we're working with -- are examples of drygoods that's a division of Ron Mauer, Vince from Calwood, Sea Wonder, Running Company is a new concept that Finish Line is working with, Versona from Cato, but I certainly don't want to ignore like you look at a Limited Brands, and they had a great report and they're aggressively looking to get more space to take care of their pink concept, so the fact that a brand is mature doesn't mean that it still doesn't have a significant growth potential.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And one quick final question. Now that we're 5 years of the peak of the market, are you noticing any pressure from releasing the leases signed 5 years ago?
Richard S. Sokolov: No.
David E. Simon: No.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I know you don't like breaking up the portfolio in terms of performance, but can you talk generically about how the mall portfolio is performing versus the community center portfolio and maybe thinking about 2011 and 2012, is the gap any closer these days?
David E. Simon: They're both performing better than what we expected in '11. The outlet business continues to have higher comp NOI growth than the mall business. But I'll tell you, I think we're generally pleased with both segments. And the gap is certainly less -- certainly it's been reduced compared to '09 and '10 levels. I think that's safe to say that the outlet business was stronger in the height of the significant economic downturn. So that gap -- that growth rate gap has certainly narrowed.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And that's fair between a traditional mall and community center as well?
David E. Simon: In our community center, we don't, you mean the...
Richard S. Sokolov: The growth rate.
David E. Simon: The growth rate. Yes, the mall business grows much better than the community center business.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then going back to non-core asset sales. Could you just talk about generically about how big the potential pool of assets that you would like to sell over time is?
David E. Simon: Well, I think historically, this year we basically disposed of assets around $500 million. If we could continue to sell $200 million, to $300 million, to $400 million of assets a year in terms of pruning, I think that would be the level that would be desirable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Spector, Bank of America.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Few questions. If we could just start off I guess with the big picture, Rick, just wanted to follow up from our ICSC dinner in December. Can you talk about your more recent conversations with tenants, the retail sales seem to be stronger than expected. What is their latest view on these new store openings or new concepts?
Richard S. Sokolov: I think that David alluded to earlier, it's very much a tenant-by-tenant analysis. Sales were better. There were some pressures on margins. We've detailed earlier in the call a number of tenants that have very aggressive growth profile and there are others that are retracing a little bit and reducing their footprint. Generally, however, the balance sheet remains strong. They are still generating cash flow, and we're still able to drive demand from the types of tenants that we'd like to have in our properties.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I guess, where do you stand on pricing power at this point? I know David said business is still tough. Is it still a tough negotiation, or you feel like pricing power is coming a little bit more back to your side?
Richard S. Sokolov: There is never a negotiation that is not tough. I mean, look, we're fighting over the same dollar. And that's been that way for 40 years, and it will continue that way. And ultimately, do we have some better power? Look, as the productivity of our properties get better, as we improve our properties, as our occupancy gets stronger, just fundamental supply and demand, there's virtually no new construction, that certainly plays into our strengths.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I guess, thinking about the budget and your guidance, I guess, David, your thoughts in the consumer or economist keeps saying that consumer spending is going to slow second half of the year. When you thought about -- I guess, when you finalized your budget, how were you thinking about the consumer?
David E. Simon: Well look, I think our budgeting is -- it reflects -- it's round-up, so it reflects the general nature of the fact that we are cautious in how we put our numbers together. So I think in a sense that reflects also that -- what's going on in the macro environment. The -- so I think we take that into account. There's no guarantees in anything, but I do think we take in the fact that it is generally still a very cautious environment. We would -- we have a lot of work to do to make our numbers. On the other hand, we always want to beat our numbers. And we're at the point now where we're giving you our view of kind of what it is, given what transpired with the GCI sale, et cetera. We always want to beat our numbers, but we're generally cautious. So -- and I think that reflects the consumer. This year, you do have a certain added uncertainty with the general election and all that crap that follows with it. And on the other hand, there are reasonable, I mean it's very confusing signs out there, but there are some reasonable ones. Jeff, you're aware obviously of what happened with jobs today. On the other hand, you see more layoffs that have been announced over the last week or 2. So it's -- my view it's still a very confounding, tough environment to kind of decipher through. I do know though that, the program that we have in our internal investments will pay rewards for our shareholders in the future. So that I'm not worried about. And we would like to see better income growth and job growth. That would give us a cushion that we haven't been able to really have over the last couple of years even though we produced terrific industry-leading results.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then I just want to clarify, David, you mentioned you're going to spend $1 billion this year in development, next year a $1 billion. And I think you also said 2014, is that strictly redevelopments, new Premium Outlet Centers and expansions at your existing Premium Outlet Centers?
David E. Simon: Correct idea. That's all in. That's new development and redevelopment.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But not -- just to clarify, not new malls?
David E. Simon: Yes, well -- unless you got a site you want to show us where the new malls, I still think are ways away. I think -- I still don't see a real demand for a lot of new malls. Now, Nanuet is a good example. You could consider that a new mall in a sense, but we put that in our redevelopment category.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then Brazil, should we be -- should we assume it's full price in China, Premium Outlet. Did you day that?
David E. Simon: I did not say that, and you should not necessarily assume that.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then with the Phoenix announcement...
David E. Simon: On both fronts, Jeff, on both fronts.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then last question on Phoenix, I guess with your announcement, have you heard anything from your competitors on their sites?
David E. Simon: I assume they're -- our assumption is they're going to go full steam ahead, and we are going forward, will have no impact on what they do.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Actually I'm sorry, one last question. Do you still have the ownership stake in value retail in the U.K. and Europe?
David E. Simon: We do.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You do. Okay. Anything with that at this point with the sale in Italy, or you like that small investment, keep it as is, or is there any chance to increase that or do anything more in the outlet front I guess?
David E. Simon: We like that investment. In fact, we have an investment at the holding company more or less. And then there's investors in various outlets that in some cases are different than the investors at the holding company. And in fact we just increased our ownership interest in 2 outlets at year end.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: In value retail?
David E. Simon: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to push a little more on Del Amo. Do you think that investment could be north of $200 million?
David E. Simon: Yes, it could be. It could be. And if you want to see all the options, we'll let you spend. It's at your own peril, but we'll let you spend time with David Contis. And he could -- we could actually use your help, Craig.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And it sounds like...
David E. Simon: That will be at your own peril and may take a long time, so reserve half the day.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's sound like you're talking to fashion anchors. Are they positively inclined at this point?
Richard S. Sokolov: Everyone acknowledges the importance of the market and the fact that it's not adequately penetrated under existing stores. Obviously, we're now in an environment where people are considering more capital investments, and we're optimistic.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, and then prior to my meeting with David Contis, is it still going to be done in phase, there was one time I thought you'd focus on the northern end first?
Richard S. Sokolov: It will still be done in phases based on when we can get the right critical mass. And right now, we're focusing on what and how we're going to start it. But it is, again, a very big project, so it is going to take a number of phases and a number of years to bring to fruition.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just shifting gears slightly, in terms of the outlet business, I'm wondering if, like the malls, are the higher-end ones doing better than the more moderately-priced ones? Or are outlets strong just throughout the price point spectrum?
David E. Simon: I would say they're generally strong. But the tourist outlets are the ones that are really kicking a**.
Operator: With no further questions in the queue at this time, I will now turn the call over to Mr. David Simon for closing remarks. Please proceed.
David E. Simon: Okay. Thank you, everybody, and thanks for your patience on the call, and have a good weekend.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Stephen E. Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Shelly J. Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David E. Simon - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Cedrik Lachance  Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tanya, and I will be your conference moderator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  I would now like to hand the presentation over to our host, Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Shelly J. Doran: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Simon Property Group's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to our reports filed with the SEC for detailed discussion. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe it's important to note that our call includes time sensitive information that may be accurate only as of today's date, October 25, 2011. During today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the earnings release or the company's supplemental information package that was included in this morning's 8-K. This package is also available on the Simon website, in the Investors section. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David E. Simon: Thank you for joining us today and I'll just give you a quick update on some of the highlights and then we'll open up for Q&A.  First of all, we reported funds from operations of $1.71 for the quarter, which represents an increase of 19.6% over the FFO in the third quarter of 2010 as adjusted for the third quarter in 2010, which adds back -- add back our debt extinguishment charge. This result beats First Call consensus by $0.05 per share. We have now met or exceeded expectations for 29 of the past 31 quarters.  Let me talk about some statistics. Total sales on a rolling 12-month basis were $517 per square foot, up 9.3% from $473 as of September 30, 2010, which is nearly 60 million square feet of GLA. Now that we've owned Prime for year this quarter, we have begun to include the Prime portfolio in our statistics, and so we've adjusted our September 30, 2010, to give you a sense of comparability. There were a couple of analysts out there that suggested that our average base rents went down sequentially. Keep in mind that we did not go back and adjust 630 numbers for Prime. So that reduction in base rent is all associated with adding Prime into our portfolio. And in fact, when you add Prime in on 630, we've had -- we did have sequential average base minimum rent growth, and Shelly can give you those details later.  Occupancy was 93.9%, 10 basis points higher than the year earlier period, and 30 basis points higher than the end of the second quarter. This was achieved despite the loss of over 160,000 square feet due to liquidations of Borders and Anchor Blue.  The releasing spread for the 12 months was $4.77 per square feet to positive 9.6%. Our releasing spread continues to include all in-line space, including spaces larger than 10,000 square feet, and most importantly, comparable property NOI growth was 3.8% for the quarter and 3.2% year-to-date. It was driven by increases in minimum and overage rent.  Development activity. Quickly, we have 3 new developments under construction, all are Premium Outlets, 2 in the U.S. and 1 in Malaysia. We have 22 renovation and expansion projects under construction in the U.S. with completion dates scheduled for this year and 2012, and the restoration of Opry Mills continues with the completion expected in the spring of 2012. We also have expansions, significant expansions underway at 3 Premium Outlet centers in Japan. As we have discussed with you in the past couple of quarters, our development or redevelopment programs in the U.S. and abroad are accelerating. We're seeing good value creation opportunities. We expect our share development spend to approximate nearly $500 million in 2011, and the potential for 2012, again, depending on timing, could approximate $1 billion. As always, details on the cost and returns and timing on these projects are provided in our supplemental reporting package.  On the acquisition front, we continue to demonstrate our ability to strategically invest capital. We completed 2 in this quarter. First of all, in July, we acquired ABQ Uptown, a 220,000 square feet -- square foot lifestyle center in Albuquerque, New Mexico. The center generates sales of approximately $650 per square foot and adds to our presence in the growing Albuquerque market, where we're also on Cottonwood Mall, and in August, we acquired a controlling interest in King of Prussia, one of the truly iconic shopping destinations in the U.S., increasing our ownership from 12% to 96%. In addition, we have the contractual ability to acquire the remaining 4% interest in the fall of 2013. This acquisition will be immediately accretive to our earnings and the property has excellent growth prospects as we expect to increase the NOI at KOP by approximately 30% in the next 3 years.  Capital markets. We closed on -- in early October on a new unsecured revolving credit facility well ahead of its maturity date that increased our revolving borrowing capacity to $4 billion, with the ability to increase it to $5 billion during its term, and can be extended to October 30, 2016, at our sole option. The interest rate is LIBOR plus 100, and the facility provides for money market competitive bid option, which we expect to even more lower the indicative pricing of LIBOR plus 100. We also have lower pricing grid from our previous facility and the new maturity, as I mentioned, up to 5 years, which further enhances our already strong financial position. We also have nearly $930 million of cash on hand, including our share of joint venture cash.  On dividends. We're very pleased to announce that our common stock dividend for the fourth quarter will total $1.10 per share. This is comprised of 2 separate dividends. First of all, we've now increased our regular quarterly dividend to $0.90 from $0.80. This represents a 12.5% increase of the dividend that's payable on November 30, to shareholders of record on November 16. We also announced the special cash dividend of $0.20 per share. This dividend is payable on December 30, to shareholders of record on December 16. These 2 dividends, as I mentioned to you earlier, total $1.10 for the quarter and increases our total payout from the $3.50 for the 2011 calendar year, which we expect to approximate our 2011 taxable income. The new $0.90 quarterly dividend rate also positions us to have a trajectory of at least $3.60 per share in 2012, and we would expect to revisit our dividend again in October to ensure that we're paying 100% of our 2012 estimated taxable income.  Now let me turn to guidance. Based upon our strong results for the quarter and expectations for the balance of the year, we increased the low end of our 2011 FFO guidance range by $0.15 per share to $6.80 per share, and raised the top end by $0.12 to $6.85 per share. The midpoint of our current guidance is now a full $0.30 above the midpoint of our original 2011 guidance provided to you in February. Before I open it up for questions, let me just conclude by saying, we're pleased with 2011 thus far with our performance. We've had strong performance at our core properties, accretive acquisitions. We continued to strengthen our already industry-leading balance sheet, all of which will serve us well in 2011 but also position us for more good stuff in the future.  We're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Ross Nussbaum with UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: David or Rick, with respect to Gap's plans to close a chunk of their stores, specifically, where are their rents relative to the $54 level you've been signing leases at? And maybe from a broader perspective, do you see this is a trend to some of your older more established chain of rightsizing their store counts now that they're coming up upon lease expirations?
David E. Simon: Well, let me start and then Rick can add. First of all, I think with respect to Gap, Ross, it's very important to put in perspective. They've been shrinking their fleet for the last few years, and I think the recent announcement was nothing new to us, and in fact, as I mentioned to you, we've been seeing a reduction in their fleet with us for the last 3 or 4 years as they continue to add very anemic sales per square feet, as well as decreasing sales per square feet. Now just to put The Gap in perspective to your next question, it is kind of where do we think rents are with Gap. They were very effective in being able to negotiate a large amount of space, a great space in highly productive malls at below market rents when they were going through their growth phase. Now obviously, those days are over, and even though we're likely to lose some space in less productive malls, we will more than make it up, and I think we've already have -- I don't want to get too granular in rollovers with certain Gap stores, but we will more than make that up as we reclaim the space in the higher producing malls that we will either shrink their footprint or in fact, eliminate their brand in those centers. It's a trend that we're seeing outside of Gap and the answer to that is not really, but it's a trend that we have seen years and years of experience, where concepts tend to get bigger than what they should and it's a natural evolution in retail, but frankly, they're the only one going through this kind of downsizing in a material -- on a material basis.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, I appreciate that. And then my final question, there's been a few, what we'll call, A malls that have traded this year.
David E. Simon: Yes.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: But the trend in B malls changing hands didn't occur. Can you talk a little bit about the pricing differential between those 2 categories? And do you think that they've been overdone on both extreme?
David E. Simon: Well, I can only speak to our point of view. I mean, we were able to buy King of Prussia and though we don't talk about individual mall transaction, we're extremely comfortable with the going in yield and the expected yield that we will get from that asset. As you might know, we didn't really run the property. We kind of ran it through a joint venture and that was a terrific relationship over the years with our partners. The fact is we're very comfortable that there's a lot of upside to achieve from that asset, so I can only talk about what we've bought and there's absolutely no concerns on my behalf in terms of what we paid and the growth that we have from the assets that we bought. The B malls, look, I think we're still trying to figure out kind of where that market is. There's not right now natural buyers, so it is going to require a group of opportunity type funds or entrepreneurs that are going to want to gobble these up, and a lot of that is dependent upon financing. There will be strategic assets here and there that certain mall companies might buy, but I still think price discovery is going to eventually occur there, and I don't think it will be all that earth shattering in terms of cap rates. I still think kind of where the talk is. Assuming the market comes back on financing, we'll ultimately deliver the values that people are kind of circling in those -- for those assets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe the first question is for Steve. When I kind of look at the implicit fourth quarter FFO that you're giving, given the full year number, it's just up a little bit from the first -- fourth quarter of last year, and I'm just trying to sort of understand why earnings would only be up 1% or 2%. What was nonrecurring last year? Just given the strength in the core business, the acquisitions that you've done and probably some savings on refinancings.
Stephen E. Sterrett: So you're accusing us of being conservative? If that's the case, I hope you're right. One thing that you do need to think about, Steve, is that the Prime acquisition does anniversary, and so it is in the full fourth quarter of 2010, and so that will make a difference.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I understand but if you -- and I understand you won't be up 19% again, but at the midpoint of your new range, you're talking about earnings of kind of $1.85 against $1.82, so I know you like to be conservative. I know you've got a very good track record of beating, but is there anything else that's one-time that occurred last year, like lease termination fees or gains that may not come up in the fourth quarter this year?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, lease termination fees, generally speaking, were higher in 2010. We've had very little lease termination activity in 2011. The other thing that you do have is that in 2011, and I'd have to look at the fourth quarter specifically, Steve, but bad debt expense turned out to be a credit for most of 2011 where -- because of some of the bankruptcies that have occurred this year, we have seen -- while still a below normal level of activity, we have seen some bad debt expense.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then David, maybe can you just talk about some of the international opportunities. I guess, there's been a lot of chatter just about your interest in Brazil and you're up over the last 3 to 6 months, and as you kind of traveled around the world and look for opportunities. As we kind of look through the European business in terms of the assets that you own, occupancy was up a bit but the sales were kind of flat. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about some of these markets today in light of sort of the dislocation that's going on in Europe and the stronger growth in the emerging markets.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think Europe is going to be in for a challenge for sure. So we still like the outlet business worldwide, and right now, that continues to be our primary focus worldwide. We had a worldwide franchise in the outlet business, so that's the primary focus to take advantage of, and that could be Europe, that could be South America and certainly Asia. We want to -- you see all the stuff that we're doing in Japan, expanding that platform. Korea, we think we have another deal on the horizon there. Malaysia, we open up in December. So I think from a international point of view, the priority will continue to be the outlet business. Look, I think -- generally, I think we've proven that we have a unique model that allows us to acquire, develop and improve real estate worldwide. We certainly want to look at everything that's out there to do it. We do believe that there is some -- if there's a company that could really turn into a global retail real estate company, it's us, and that's going to require us to look at everything there. There could be dislocation in Europe that could create buying an opportunities. On the other hand, sometimes, those things never come to fruition, but day to day, we're looking at how to grow the outlet business internationally. That's the #1 priority.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: David, just back to the original question in terms of store closings. If you think about leasing spreads over the next 12 months, is your assessment that there really should be a minimal impact, I guess, maybe in your leasing spreads and occupancy?
David E. Simon: From The Gap or generally?
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, just in general from some of the store closings that have been talked about recently or planned store closings.
David E. Simon: Yes. Look, I think not everything is robust in retail real estate. It never seems to be, and every year we got to fill the book again from people that are scaling back, but we believe strongly that, that as we look at our rents and our occupancy cost, we will have the ability to increase our rents as we recapture space. We've proven that almost 20 years now as a public company, so I don't expect that to change at all. I think The Gap is a great opportunity. They're underperforming. A lot of those spaces are well below our average rents, and we look to take advantage of that as well, and we're going to look at those one by one, individually, so I would expect our ability to produce rent spreads, assuming we generally have a decent economy, to certainly be produced again next year. Rick?
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes, the only thing that I would add is that we're focusing on a Gap announcement, but there is a significant number of tenants that are doing well, are looking to expand and in fact have already come to us and said, "Well, if you get that Gap room back, we want it." So I would not just view this through the prism of a Gap contraction. You have to also bear in remind all the tenants out there that are doing well, looking to expand and the fact that there's virtually no new development, so whatever demand is being created among our retailers, it's going to be satisfied out of the existing inventory in the industry.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And Rick, maybe as well, can you give us some sense of perhaps demand for 2012 or commitments at this point? Or is it booked early?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, we're in the midst of our leasing now, and demand has maintained pretty stable. There are a number of tenants I've just said, like Apple, Forever 21, Loft, Love Culture, that are expanding. You've seen a significant number of IPOs being done by retailers that are active in the mall area, and they're recapitalized and looking to grow, and we are sanguine about our prospects, but as David emphasized, we are at the mercy of the macroeconomic environment. So if things stay as they are, we should be okay.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and just final question in terms of some of the Class A transactions that we've seen in the mall category. With the 30% increase in NOI, are you really looking at stabilized yields of 6 plus percent?
David E. Simon: Oh, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley with Citigroup.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm here with Michael Bilerman as well. Just in terms -- just going back to the international question, I believe you were down in Brazil recently and it sounds like internationally, you're more focused on the outlet center business, but I'd be just curious to get your takeaways on the mall business in Brazil and whether or not that something that could interest you at some point?
David E. Simon: Well, it's a vibrant economy. The malls there produce a significant amount of cash flow, higher cash flow per foot or per meter, however you'd like to look at it, then they do in the U.S., which to me was very interesting. They charge for parking, which is very interesting given that you've got an emerging customer there that you would think would be hard to charge for parking, but a lot of positives. I think, long term, Brazil is -- I'm sure there will be lots of ups and downs given its historical nature, but long term, I think the country, obviously, has got a tremendous amount going for it. There are some worries because the cash flow per foot or per meter is so high. It's counterintuitive versus, say, an emerging market. You would think it would be low and growing, but despite that, I think a lot of that has to do with supply and demand. It's a very intriguing market. Lots of supply coming on, so it'll be interesting to see how that all shakes out, but an impressive group of companies and malls and overall, an impressive marketplace.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: David, its Michael Bilerman speaking. Just a question on the dividend, just thinking about how you sort of thought through the process in terms of paying out a special to get to a 100% payout ratio versus setting sort of a dividend run rate without doing this sort of top-up specials at the end of the year, and how you discuss that with the Board and sort of how you came to this decision, And I assume you could have paid out the bare minimum to 90%, but you went to 100%, and to thinking about where you stand and how you think about next year.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think this year, to put our dividend in perspective, there's a thing called bonus depreciation that we took advantage of, and the reason we -- so our taxable income is lower probably than a normal run rate because the fact of the matter is that we took advantage of the kind of the bonus depreciation that has -- the Congress has put forward to kind of stimulate the economy. Whether that's worked or not, that's for another debate. Next year, we don't know if that's going to be there or not, and I think we told you from Day 1, we want to pay out our taxable income at a bare minimum, so our run rate now is 360. We probably will have a higher taxable income than that next year, and I kind of like having a run rate that's going to grow over time and then the ability to top it off based upon our taxable income, which includes a lot of different things, so I actually think it's the more elegant way than raising it significantly and beyond the kind of where the raise was and then in terms of a few taxable income ends up less than that you're paying out more than that, and given what's going on with taxable income for corporate America today, we thought this was the best, more prudent. It also reinforces our strategy to provide a growing dividend. Not many REITs are growing their dividends. Certainly, not many are growing on a 12.5% basis, and being able to use the extra capital that we have to fund our business and generate even more earnings, and I think it's a pretty good cycle to be on. So I read your thing. I was confused that you'd said disappointed. I don't know. I've had a lot of shareholders that we're very happy, including the Board.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But it's a question more or so of, do you get paid for a $0.20 special at the end of the year? Or do you generate more institutional interest especially from generalist investors about having a consistent quarterly dividend that increases over time?
David E. Simon: Well, it did increase. It went from $0.80 to $0.90, and if we had -- we have to pay out $3.50, and so if you take the logic of what you're saying is that we would have to pay out $1.10 in the quarter, and that would be $4.40 for next year, and that's not kind of the trajectory that we really want to convey. So I think it's the right thing to do. We appreciate your input on it. We're very pleased with the outcome of it.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: What was the bonus amount, the depreciation in terms of how much it affected taxable income for 2011?
David E. Simon: It was roughly, I'm going to say, $0.25, something like that.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes, about $0.20. Yes.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right, so you're set up for $3.75 for next year, so you're already...
David E. Simon: No. I think next year will be higher than that, and that allows us to be put on a trajectory higher than that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Macquarie.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: So if you guys take a broader view of the economy, it seems like for one of a very few times in history, it seems like retail sales are doing very well despite the lack of consumer confidence. How long do you think this divergence can last especially in light of today's pretty bad print?
David E. Simon: Today's what? I didn't hear the last question.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: Especially in light of today's bad consumer confidence number.
David E. Simon: Well, I think we have a bifurcated consumer, and generally, the people that shop at our malls are -- the unemployment for the college educated is in the 4% to 5% range. Certainly, we would like all the people to be benefiting from a growing economy, but the general view of our business is that we want to attract the better consumer that does have disposable income to spend, and we've been successful in doing that. We don't always do it. We have certain properties that don't do that, but generally, I think as long as the economy continues to at least have some GDP growth, we'll be able to continue to attract the better customer that has -- that I think has disposable income to spend.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research: Okay. And just a follow-up on a previous question, what would your sales per square foot and same-store NOI numbers be without the Prime inclusion?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, Ki Bin, this is Steve. The sales without Prime, I think, would have been $3 a square foot higher, and the -- excuse me, $7 a square foot higher, and the comp NOI number does not include Prime. It won't include Prime until the next quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: We know from what the retailers have been saying on their calls that there's...
David E. Simon: Paul, can you speak up?
Stephen E. Sterrett: We can barely hear you.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: We just know from what the retailers have been saying that there's been a lot of demand for the As and what they comment about the As and Bs, they talk about [indiscernible] still, but from your perspective, has there been any shift in the negotiations for space in the Bs this year, as retailers maybe get a bit more encouraged by their sales? Or is it still much harder slogging than in your top kind of quartile?
Richard S. Sokolov: Paul, this is Rick. I think we have always seen a pretty direct relationship with the productivity of our properties and our ability to drive our rents. As we have been able to increase the productivity of our properties, we're making them more attractive to retailers and we have been able to drive occupancy and rents in those properties. We put in our press release the fact that in 2011, we're opening 39 new anchors and big boxes or almost 1.7 million square feet across the portfolio. We're renovating another 18 properties. All of this is making our properties more attractive, driving market share, driving sales and helping us lease the property. Is it always going to be a function of the market position and productivity? Sure, but we think we're creating better product for our leasing guys to sell.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Just sort of on a similar thing, as I look at the expiring leases for 2012 at $32, that's like 20% almost below where youre in-place average is. How should I think about -- I mean, is that an opportunity to take releasing spreads higher from where they are now? Or is it maybe representative of the big portfolio but could be representative the type of malls where you have more expirations? How do we think about next year based on the $32 number?
David E. Simon: Well, I think it's very positive, right? So -- look, our size is such that these numbers actually mean something, whereas others with smaller portfolios may have statistics that could indicate something other than what it is just because they're smaller. So the fact is, at the end of the day, that rollover is a great opportunity for the company and we intend to take advantage of it, and we've said consistently that our leases are under market. I think that helped us perform in the Great Recession. Recall, if I could, Paul, that we did not have negative NOI growth in our portfolio during the Great Recession, and I think that, that is a good statistic that creates the insurance policy of our ability to generate comp NOI growth. The size of that spread is dependent upon a lot of macro things, but the bottom line, it's a great spot to be in, and additionally, it lasts for a long time, so it's not a 1-year event. So let's hope we can continue on the track that we've demonstrated for the past several years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Actually, this is Jeff Spector. I'm here with Craig. We have a few questions. If I could just ask a couple first. David, I guess, just thinking about the bumps in 2011 in your guidance, what were some of the surprises, I guess, you felt happened during the course of the year? And as you're laying out your 2012 budgets, I guess, from a macro standpoint, what are you thinking at this point?
David E. Simon: Well, the biggest surprise, a pleasant surprise, is that we've had comp NOI that's been higher than the budget. To me, that's the most important thing that we can do. Sometimes, it's out of our control because it's tied to retailer sales. Bankruptcies could impact that. We've had some -- we've had more of that this year than the last year, if you recall. So to me, that's always the #1 focus, is how do we increase the cash flow on a comp basis from the properties. So with that said -- I mean, that's the focus, what -- Prime is -- we have outperformed on our Prime portfolio in terms of our underwriting and our expectations there that helped fuel our growth. Rates were a little lower than what we projected as well, and so those were kind of the material things we had. Offsetting that was some bankruptcies, less lease settlement income, but that's kind of the ups and downs.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And how are you then thinking about your 2012 budget from a macro standpoint? I know you're not providing guidance, but anything you could comment on?
David E. Simon: Well, look, we're just about to start that excruciating process. Don't remind me. We actually do bottoms up property by property, so if we look a little dazed, if you see us at the end of Thanksgiving, we kind of get dazed by that time, but we actually do that work. It's a little early. I mean, I think the fact of the matter is, the biggest caveat that we have is all about the macro. Where is the economy? Where is consumer confidence? The election year throws a whole set of psychological issues at the consumer, none of which are positive, but you know what? We will figure it out, and I expect to have another good year and another year of growth, but we're right now in that process. As you know, Jeff, we do that beginning or kind of right when we do our year-end results, so -- but we'd expect to have another good year.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe just one more question for Craig. I'd ask his. I guess, thinking about the different formats, it's pretty clear that Premium Outlets continues to shine, outperform. I guess, can you -- any -- could you provide any information, I guess, on your shopping center portfolio versus the malls as we head into Christmas, the holiday season? Any feedback from tenants, whether it's the smaller tenants or the big box?
David E. Simon: I'll let Rick. Rick, go ahead.
Richard S. Sokolov: A couple of things. One, all 4 of our platforms are positive to both budget and to actuals last year. So they're all performing well year-to-date. In terms of the holiday, we literally have 4 tenants in here today and talking to them, they're all anticipating up probably 2% to 3%. Inventories are very tight. People are not chasing sales. They'd rather leave a few sales on the table and make sure that they drive their margins and are not over inventory. Then the only other point I would say is, there is a -- and as we think about our world, there's are pretty high correlation to the better retailers and how the S&P 500 does. So we're to a degree, I think, really focused on how that better consumer is thinking about their position, and that will be reflected to a degree by the S&P 500.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess -- this is Craig. I had a question on the King of Prussia, the potential 30% increase in NOI. Clearly, the conversion of Strawbridge would be a big part, but is there other things that will be helping you push towards that goal?
David E. Simon: Well, I think that is part of that, Craig, for sure, but additionally, it's just we believe that in -- putting in all of the Simon programs that we didn't put in previously because of the partnership limitations, all of that led to that cash flow, and whether they're all of our marketing programs going to fix cam [ph] as an example, we feel like the rents weren't at the level they should be given the quality of the asset, so all of that -- plus it's really interesting and it's probably somewhat premature to talk about it but I'll go ahead, is that we are looking to put Strawbridge aside because as you know, that's under construction, but our ultimate focus in this property will be to combine The Plaza with The Court, with additional retail, and we have the FAR ability to do that, and we're just discussing that concept with the Village, but we think that's a great opportunity to really integrate both of these properties and make it one unbelievable shopping destination beyond what it is today.
Stephen E. Sterrett: But just to be clear, Craig. This is Steve. That's not in the 30%. The 30% is just executing the redevelopment of the Strawbridge and then finalizing the property by doing some of the things that David talked about, like the conversion to fix cam [ph] and the full implementation of the marketing programs.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great, and then just one last question. If you could talk a little bit about what you're doing with Nanuet Mall. I mean, I understand that maybe more of an outdoor or mixed-use and if you're going to be doing any kind of repositioning by the future tenants?
David E. Simon: We are about to demolish the mall in the next month or so, and we will end up creating a -- what I'll call for better or worse, a lifestyle center, an open-air center that will be anchored by Sears, Macy's. They will stay in place. It will be a road and retail kind of through the property. We'll add a health club, where we'll add a high-end food operation, restaurants and specialty retail, and all systems go there. We're just about done with all the planning, and the demolition, as I said, should occur here in the near future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan with Cowen and company.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A question -- first question for me, it's in the area of the several other questions have kind of been on, and maybe coming out of from a slightly different angle, David, looking at your average portfolio base rent and average sales. Obviously, sales trends have been very, very positive in spite of the negative productivity contribution, I guess, from Gap, and your average base rent in the portfolio is now at 7.5%, about as low as it's been in a long, long time now. We know the outlet center portfolio is included in that metric now, and I just wonder if you could help us think about how you think about that 7.5% number over the course of the cycle. In the past, it can run up to the mid-8s or higher, and do you think it will have that upside potential given the change in the composition of the total portfolio?
David E. Simon: There's no reason, assuming we have a stable economy, growing economy, that we're not going to work our way back to that level. Now retail, I mean, there's a lot of pressure in retail. We have the consumer under pressure. So it is going to take work. It's going to take some level of stability. It's going to require the mood to get a little bit better generally in the country, but I'm actually feeling that these things will work their way through the system in that way, and it's hard to give you a specific number, but we do think that, that presents a lot of opportunity on the rent. There's no question about it.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And I guess, going to the point about Gap, given that Gap's productivity trend is negative to the rest of the portfolio. Presumably, the sooner you get that space back, the better off it will be in terms of that metric.
David E. Simon: Yes. There's no doubt you will have a step backward and then 2 steps forward because as you reclaim the space, you're going to have downtime, and in some cases, it's going to take a little bit of period of time to lease it up, but at the end of the day -- we've done all sorts of analysis on this. At the end of the day, we just think there's tremendous upside overall. It's not to say there aren't going to be some holes that will be generated as we lose some of The Gap stores, Gap brands, whether it's Old Navy, Banana or just The Gap brand, but over a -- not a long period of time, but over a 2-year period of time, as you lease up the space that we reclaim, there's going to be tremendous upside, and even in A malls, their productivity does not allow them to essentially pay market rents where others do, and the benefit that we see in A malls from them there versus others has been diminished somewhat as they shrink their portfolio appetite.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Just a quick question regarding the projected rate of return on development spend. In the quarter, the projected stabilized return on the anchor big box segment of the development went down a little bit from 12 to 10. I know there was movements in and out of what's on that schedule. Was there any changes in cost projections on projects or was it simply -- it's the lower number simply because of what came out in the third quarter?
Richard S. Sokolov: It's just a matter of the mix of projects, Jim. In fact, we've had very good forecasting in the overall environment. Our construction costs have been coming in at or below what we have been using for our capital allocation approvals.
David E. Simon: And I think -- I would say one thing. Jim, our people are used to -- hopefully, the conservative nature and how we present ourselves resides throughout the building, and certainly, when we approve projects -- I mean, the level of sandbagging in our projects depends on who's doing the project but it's institutional in nature. So I would hope over time that we would produce better results in that, but Rick's right. It is in the mix, but we're being very aggressive and really focused on trying to make our properties the best as they can be, spending a lot of time. A part of the reason to do more quicker are the reason why we hired Contest [ph] to help in that area. He is very focused on and so -- but hopefully, we will outperform those numbers. Now, Jim, you did mention in one of your reports -- I tried to address it. I garbled. I'm not very good at reading those things, but you -- I do hope you realize that the 630 base rent did not include Prime. When you do, we actually do have sequential growth, so I just wanted to reinforce that with you.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, good. And final question for me. David, the Marketplace Equity Act recently introduced in Congress, I know it's a modification from the prior bill that was post or proposed. I just wonder if you would like to make a comment about it. I don't know if you're hearing anything from people you work with about what kind of success it might have.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think we're very focused on it. ICSC is very focused on it. I'd like to thank David Henry and ICSC for finally recognizing. I think David's been the key to this to really to get -- to create a level playing field. There's 2 or 3 or 4 different approaches on how to do it. The good news is, I think, Congress is beginning to understand the difference. The fact that the level -- the field is not level. We're still educating certain congressmen and women about the fact that this is not a new tax. That's going through its process. Everybody that we talked to understands the fairness of it, and I think even Amazon, with their different deals that they're doing state by state, recognizes that the days are over where they get the level -- where they get the unfair advantage, but it would be much better to do it at a national level. That's what's really being cried for than to do it on a state-by-state level. But as you might imagine, it's a process, but we're actually feeling -- Rick is involved, too. He can add to it -- but we're actually feeling like there is hope to get something out there that can be passed by Congress.
Richard S. Sokolov: And the only thing I would add is that, you're talking about billions of dollars in lost revenue from the states and it's a tax that's already on the books. So the combination of factors are coalescing that I believe it's going to happen in this cycle after it being in the conversation for 12 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: If I could actually stick on that topic, David, the Marketplace Equity Act, are you concerned that solution could actually prove to be something of a Trojan horse? And that by leveling the playing field, that really the door is open for online retailers, like Amazon, to actually provide same-day delivery service to major markets because...
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think they're looking to do that anyway, right? So that's going to happen. I wouldn't be surprised if people like ourselves play a role in that. Believe me, we're focused on that. So Jeff, the fact is that's what Amazon wants to go to. We've got to create the mall version of that, but we still not want to give them the benefit of exemplary sales tax. I don't think it's a Trojan horse. I don't think it's going to hugely change the fact that Internet shopping is important, but the fact of the matter is, there's a lot of people, the more research you do -- that do lot of -- it used to be they researched online and went to shop physically. Now they go shop physically. They understand the difference that they don't have to pay the sales tax and actually go to the physical environment, do all the research, and buy online. All you have to do is ask Best Buy to get their perspective on it, and I think that needs to be eliminated. There's no reason why Amazon and certain others need that benefit, so same-day delivery is a different issue, as far as I am concerned.
Richard S. Sokolov: And the only thing I would add is that our retailers that are operating the malls are also very focused on fulfillment and allowing their customers that want to have an online experience to fulfill those purchases at the property, and that just emphasizes one of the benefits we have of being able to facilitate those things in a much more efficient manner.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I think, I would agree, and it's not necessarily all one or other, online or bricks and mortar. I mean, in some ways, you saw that there's a Gap announcement, whether it's a scaling back on our mall stores, but I think ultimately, retailers are trying to find a way to provide value, and in that case, you saw The Gap increase or looking to increase their outlet store count. They kind of switched gears to that. I mean, do you think that -- you mentioned that you did not see a trend among mature retailers looking to scale back their store count, but do you think we're at the beginning of maybe another secular growth period for outlet demand as retailers maybe begin to discover that channel, if not here, then maybe, I call it, more broadly outside of the U.S.?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think the outlet business has been going strong for a number of years partly because I think we had a little bit to do with it, if I could, in that we took it out of the back room, more into the front room. We personally -- Rick and I, personally talked to a number of retailers talking about how it's not brand negative but brand positive for them, and what's brand negative is when they do want to sell merchandise to sell it in their store, their full price store, it creates all sorts of promotional issues, and in a lot of cases clouds what they're trying to do at the full price level. So that change has been going on for a number of years, plus the quality of the product that we build, how we executed the tenant mix, the marketing kind of all has been upgraded it to the next level, and we're still making improvements on it to make it the best experience that we can make it. So I think that trend continues. They still want -- there still is a high amount of outlet demand. We're seeing a lot of demand in our Mills portfolio because that's representing an outlet distribution channel. So I think it's -- we're seeing that internationally. I just happened to talk to a worldwide retailer that was talking to us about -- wants to talk to us about China outlet, which I've always a little bit worried about for all sorts of reasons, but for crying out loud, we're building an outlet in Malaysia, right? It's going to open in a month. So it's there. We expect to take advantage of it in other markets as well.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: If I can just ask a last question back on the B and C mall topic. As a property investor, what realistically is the bull case for B and C mall investment today? I mean, do you think it's a fundamental story about occupancy and rent? Or is it really a capital market story about leverage because your earlier comment, it's more of a play for the entrepreneurial crowd. It kind of implies non-attractive risk return profile, and not to leave Steve out, I was curious, what does the state of the capital markets look like for B and C products because there a lot of anecdotes out there that the traditional equity and debt capital providers do to mall space. They really don't look at malls anymore under $350 a square foot in sales.
David E. Simon: Well, look, it's very simple. The operating story is that if it's a B and C mall and there's a reason for it to exist, it's going to have a stable cash flow. And in fact, if that area continues to have economic growth, that cash flow will grow. And the fact of the matter is, if you have a appropriate management running it, you are able to add to the critical mass of that B&C property. The market may not be overly exciting, but the cash flow ought to maintain itself, and in fact, if you execute appropriately, you may even increase market share because there's a lot of -- where the market share got the fuse, where a lot of the strip centers that are -- then in a lot of cases are suffering from oversupply and not clear winner and loser in a lot of box movement back and forth. So from that standpoint, I think you're going -- and I think frankly, from our B Malls, they've actually performed reasonably well in a lot of cases in the Great Recession. Obviously, depending on the cap rate and depending on the financing, there is a pretty good return on equity that they're generating, and I think the ability to gain market share is all part of the story. Today, the CMBS market, 1 week it's on, 1 week it's off. We're getting bids, so I think it's back on. Last week, it wasn't. I still think that, that market still has a lot of -- it's more affected by what's going on in the risk on, risk off trade than it is what's going on in the real estate world.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just a -- we're coming up on roughly the year anniversary of the Capital Shopping Centres saga, and looking at their stock price performance over the past year, looking at your stock price performance, I'm just curious if any of their stockholders have sort of called you up and said, "Hey, if you make another run, you have our blessing and we'd be supportive."
David E. Simon: Well, that's not the British way, is it now? To admit that they may have made a mistake. The answer to that is no, but again, we have no interest in doing that either. We put our best foot forward. At that point, the Board, for whatever strange reason, turned down that deal, they shouldn't have in hindsight. We felt comfortable that we would have been able to execute a better gross story than they would have had by themselves. Were still waiting. We're still shareholders. I have more faith, frankly, today than I did before because at least Mr. Whittaker is a large shareholder. I think he is a very capable gentleman to reignite that company. So we're assessing how that proceeds, but we have no interest in buying the company.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: So right now, you're more of just a passive shareholder who obviously would be there for advice, but you're not looking to get active in the company. Is that correct?
David E. Simon: That's correct.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Then sort of following that trend, what's your strategy for -- is it just simply now a stock investment? Or is it something that you would look to unwind then?
David E. Simon: Well, I think in this case, we'll look at all of our options. That market is relatively depressed just from a lot of macro issues. So we're kind of adopting a wait-and-see approach. That could change, but right now, it's wait and see. I do think Mr. Whittaker is the kind of entrepreneur that, that company needs to get it reinvigorated. So we're kind of waiting to see whether or not that can happen. And look, we're certainly an important shareholder. We're certainly there to help anything we can do to make the company perform better.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. Second question is, recently, there have been a number of items, sort of public-private, whether it's -- obviously, Westfield going back into World Trade. There's the Willet's Point here in New York, where it looks like Mays, Rich [ph] and Topman, are looking at putting together bids. The journal this morning featured the Fulton Street subway stop adjacent to World Trade, where maybe there's an opportunity for a retail landlord to come in and manage some of that retail space. I'm curious from your perspective, you guys have spoken a lot about development, redevelopment, but none of it has involved public-private. Just sort of curious if that's by design, maybe it's not worth the headache or the opportunities are -- the yields just don't make sense or if those opportunities are truly few and far between for the real, out of the park type situations?
David E. Simon: I'd say all of the above. I mean, we've never been -- we've never -- we've kind of always adopted the approach not to do RFPs, whether it's from a private -- whether it's just a private company or individual that's looking to sell his land, whether it's a public entity trying to redevelop something. We just don't really like the RFP process. We won't rule it out, but the fact of that matter is I've never personally gotten excited about it, and the public-private stuff is hard to make money. I think if we felt like we didn't have a lot of opportunities with our existing fleet of assets and our ability to look at things throughout the world, maybe we would resort to that. But at this point, we just -- I just have never personally gotten excited about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carol Kemple with Hilliard Lyons.
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: The only question I have that hasn't been answered is relating to the income statement. Is there a reason why G&A grew so much in the quarter?
David E. Simon: Well, a part of that is our recent LTIP program that we've had with the senior management.
Carol L. Kemple - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: So is that a good run rate going forward then?
David E. Simon: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm not sure I saw it disclosed anywhere, but what was the investment in King of Prussia and how is it financed?
David E. Simon: That -- again, we don't disclose individual mall transactions, and it was financed, I think we announced that, partly cash and partly in the line of credit.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And secondly, the leasing spreads of about 10% for the 9 months -- or for the year-to-date spreads of 10%, what is the difference between the cash spread and the GAAP spread?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Michael, this is Steve. That is a cash spread. That is ending cash rent at the time the lease expired or terminated to beginning cash rent with the new tenant or the renewal of the existing tenant. So if you convert it to GAAP, it would be higher.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, about how much higher roughly?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Michael, I don't have the number in front of me. It's not something that we tend to look at because as David had said on many, many occasions, his laser focus tends to be cash, but let us take a look at it, and I will get you a number.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Steve, following up on that for a second, the line of credit is at about $1.8 billion at this point. What are you guys thinking there in terms of -- I mean, you have about $900 million from the last quarter, I assume, again, mostly because of the acquisitions. What are you thinking about in terms of terming that out?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, as you know, Rich, the spreads in the bond market gapped out late summer and have been in kind of wide for the year over the course of the last 2 or 3 months. The good news is they have gotten better. The tender in the bond market has clearly gotten better, so it is something that we're paying attention to, and the good news, is have the flexibility to be patient, but as we think about that level of outstandings on the credit facility, if the bond market continues to improve, we'd love to term it out.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, so doing CMBS, it sounds like it's not really something that's an option at this point but maybe an unsecured note over the next 6 months would be the way to go.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Rich, the CMBS market, as David mentioned earlier, we're getting quotes, and on many assets, we're getting very good quotes, but where we're focused there is primarily just to refinance existing mortgage debt that comes due as opposed to put mortgages on current unencumbered assets. I think...
David E. Simon: Yes, and I'd just add. Rich, this is David. Even with all of the ups and downs of the capital markets, both unsecured market and the CMBS market, it is more cost-effective in the unsecured market versus the CMBS market for sure, especially as you look at -- factor in fees, amortization, any...
Stephen E. Sterrett: Audit costs.
David E. Simon: The whole 9 yards.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Appraisals.
David E. Simon: Yes. And Rich, you made a comment about our sequential average base rent, you are clear on that now, I hope.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. You made that very clear. Let me ask you guys...
David E. Simon: That's part of my job.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes -- no, that was good. I got you on that quick. On the redevelopment scene, I think you guys have said you were looking to do a couple billion dollars of deliveries over the next, say, 5 years. I mean, should we think in terms of $500 million kind of average per year deliveries as we look out to 2015? Is that sort of a scope of the redevelopment scene?
David E. Simon: Well, I think -- Rick can elaborate, but I think right now, '12 could shape up to accelerate some of that, so it could end up in '12 that we would have committed $1 billion in our redevelopment portfolio, so it would actually -- that number could accelerate, Rich, in terms of the timing of it.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes, and Rich, this is Steve. If you recall, the number that we floated out was a quarter or 2 ago and it was primarily centered about the 17 or 18, what we called transformational opportunities. I think, number one, we've added to that list as we've continued to examine the portfolio; and two, the ordinary course of business stuff, like Rick mentioned with 40 boxes and all that, is kind of on top of those transformational opportunities.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, good, and would you -- are you guys doing any densification sorts of efforts. I didn't really see that. I'm guessing they're in there somewhere, but where you add apartments or you add condos or office, that kind of thing.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, we are very focused on that, and if you look at the projects that we have opened, several of them have both office and res multifamily and hotel components, the primary one being domain, where we have a Weston [ph] plus multifamily in both phases, plus office in both phases, and obviously, we're working right now on the approval process for a very substantial residential tower over Copley in Boston, so it's very much a part of our focus and we, in fact, have a dedicated team looking to bring those incremental uses into our property.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, good guys. And then the last thing I have was, David, it seemed that on the last call, that the Chinese outlet scene was a little closer than you made it sound just on one of the previous questions here. I mean, how close are you guys are doing something in China with -- as far as outlet centers go?
David E. Simon: Well, I think we'll make a decision here in the next couple of months. So it will either happen or won't, but it won't drag on for 2 or 3 years, so it's -- we're in the serious discussion phase and that will either come to fruition in the next couple of months or it won't.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cedrik Lachance with Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance : David, listening to your comments earlier in regards to B malls or at least those that are legitimate in terms of their existence given the quality in the market and their ability to maintain cash flow, I know I've had another question perhaps in the past, but do you feel more inclined to be a consolidator of B malls space at this point? Or is it still something that's far in the future?
David E. Simon: I don't think we will be other than we'll always look at what's there and if there's a strategic fit for us, we could do a few deals. That's not to say we run away from the product. It's just that we've got a lot to do within our mall portfolio as it exists, and unless there's a strategic view of that asset or something that do really -- something special with it, we probably wouldn't, and the fact of the matter is, what? We've grown in the mall business, frankly, through M&A. We'll never rule that out, and when you tend to do bigger deals, you tend to get -- despite what we all say in the mall business, we don't all have A properties. Nobody does. So you tend to -- if there was ever deals to be done or kind of on the broader, more portfolio basis, we'll tend to get some Bs in that area and that would be a natural way for us to have more exposure in that product, which is we're fine with, but to go out and look to grow that business on a one-off basis just doesn't excite us as much as taking what we have and making it better.
Richard S. Sokolov: And just to emphasize David's point on not running away from it, if you look at our capital expenditures, we are actively renovating, redeveloping and adding anchors to a number of the properties that are perhaps lower productivity just because they're in smaller markets, but they're providing very stable cash flow and with renovations and anchor additions and opportunity to contribute to our comp NOI growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Yang with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I have another question on the international plan. David, you did make a few comments on China, and I realized that's not an immediate priority, but one of your peers recently purchased a real estate consulting firm based in China. So I'm curious, you mentioned maybe building outlet centers here, but if you ever decide to re-enter China, do you see yourself maybe taking a similar path as this peer?
David E. Simon: You broke up on the last part.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Well, I'm just wondering. I mean, you mentioned maybe building out with centers in China, could we possibly see you buying a company already on the ground there instead?
David E. Simon: No. It would be our people. I mean, we would likely joint venture with an existing Chinese company, whether they own the land or whether they were in the development business or retailer much like we did when we built the Wal-Mart stores, but we would not buy a company to do that now.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just last question, you mentioned The Gap closing more stores than they had previously planned being no surprise to you, and since it sounds like they're basically not renewing upcoming leases and I assume you can look through their portfolio to figure out how many leases are expiring over the next few years, where they are located, good centers or bad, what's your expectation for store closures from The Gap and how many of the spaces there are spoken for today?
David E. Simon: Well, let me just clarify what I did say. I mean, they're not closing all their stores. They're closing certain stores that they want to close, and we're taking over space that we want them to close, and we're trying to find a happy middle ground on the majority of the stores so -- but -- so that's the first point that I just want to clarify, but the -- and I will tell you that I don't think their acceleration of store closures is all that different than what they've done in the last couple of years. Now it may be marginally accelerated, but it's not all that different than what they have been doing, frankly, since '09, '10 and '11 and going into '12. So that's -- the second point is at the end of the day, when we look at everything there, we've got all the real estate back for whatever reason, they want to get out, we want them out, they decided not to do any U.S. fields, whatever the reason, at the end of the day, we think the income stream that would come from those spaces would be higher than it is today that they're paying.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Can you just remind us how many Gap branded stores are in your portfolio? And of that amount, what do you -- how many do you think are going to close based on this?
David E. Simon: Let me just say this. If you look at our schedule, we have 386 stores, if I'm right. Take away 138 of those because those are in the outlet business, so that gets you down to kind of the whole breadth, whole Gap fleet. So that's like 240, and then I would say roughly 50% is Gap, 25% is Old Navy, and then the balance is Banana, somewhere in that range.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: So it sounds pretty modest overall?
David E. Simon: Well, it's a big relationship, but we're certainly focused that we're going to replace as much of the real estate where we don't think they're paying market rent.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies & Company.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Most of questions have been answered, but I have just 2 very quick ones. Going into Christmas, I know you talked a little bit about just what you're seeing from your retailer perspective, but in regards to the typical temporary tenants that show up during Christmas, what are you seeing demand-wise from those guys to take up space?
Richard S. Sokolov: Demand has been pretty stable. We are finding that happily, there are more and more national tenants that are also now looking to establish stores on a short-term basis as a way to seeing if there are customers located in that property, and so that demand is constant pretty much year-over-year, and we're very pleased with where we are today on that.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful, and then just in regards to the recent deals that you've done, Steve, I know you -- pricing-wise, you went talking about King of Prussia, but could you give any pricing details on Albuquerque?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Again, we don't do individual mall deals, but we're great stewards of capital. Both of these deals will -- are very accretive and they've got good rent growth in both of them.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just one more last question with the Davis Street [ph] asset, any reason why you were not involved in those deals? Is that something you were interested in, but you just didn't play, obviously, a part in that process just given that class A malls don't come up that often in the market?
David E. Simon: We just had no interest.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Any reason why you didn't have an interest?
David E. Simon: No interest.
Operator: We have no additional questions at this time. I would now like to hand the conference back over to management for closing remark.
David E. Simon: Okay. Thank you. Listen, we're very pleased with the quarter, and we're very happy to be paying our shareholders $1.10 in cash this quarter, and we'll talk to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for attending today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Shelly Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David Simon - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Ki Kim - Macquarie Research James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc. Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Gautam Desai  Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. Robert McMillan - S&P Equity Research Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisor Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Pam, and I will be your conference operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the presentation over to your host for today's call, Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relation.
Shelly Doran: Good morning, and welcome to Simon Property Group's second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Please be aware that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to our reports filed with the SEC for detailed discussions. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe it's important to note that our call includes time sensitive information that may be accurate only as of today's date, July 26, 2011. During today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC's Regulation G. Reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the earnings release, or the company's supplemental information package that was included in this morning's Form 8-K. This package is also available on the Simon website, in the Investors section. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David Simon: Okay, good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. We reported FFO of $1.65 per share for the quarter, which represents an increase of 19.6% over the prior-year period. These results exceeded the First Call consensus by $0.07, and we now have met or exceeded expectations for 28 of the past 30 quarters, which we believe is one of the best records in the REIT industry. Of course, I would like to talk about 2 of the quarters, the 2 quarters that we did not do that. One was an impairment charge which we took on liberty, which is now fully recovered, and the other was just the timing issue, which we made up in the subsequent quarter, and in fact, in that year, we exceeded our -- both consensus in our initial guidance. So 28 of the past 30 quarters, we have met or exceeded our First Call consensus estimates. Let's talk about the portfolio. Total sales on a rolling 12-month basis were $513 per square foot, up 9.4% from $469 as of June 30, 2010. Occupancy was 93.5%, an increase of 40 basis points higher than the year-earlier period, and 60 basis points higher than the first quarter. The releasing spread for 12 months was $4 -- positive $4.60 per square foot. Our releasing spread continues to include all in-line space, including spaces larger than 10,000 square feet. Comparable property NOI growth for the quarter was 3.5%. And I want to put that in context, that in 2010, our second quarter comp NOI growth was a positive 1.9%. So it was not off a low base, given the fact that 2010 was still in recovery mode. Let me turn to development activity. We have 2 new developments under construction, both the Premium Outlets. Johor, Malaysia, which will open in November of this year and Merrimack, New Hampshire, which will open next summer. Leasing activity is strong for both projects. We have 18 renovation and expansion projects under construction, with completion dates in 2011 and '12, and the restoration of Opry mills continues, with the completion expected in the spring of 2012. We currently plan to invest approximately $650 million in domestic and international development and redevelopment activities in 2011. And our number, though still in process, is approximately $800 million in 2012. As always, details on costs, returns and timing of these projects are provided in our supplemental reporting package. In June of this year, we sold the Jefferson Premium Outlet, our Prime Outlets, I should say, for $300 -- oh, I'm sorry, $134 million. We used $86 million of those proceeds in a 10/31 exchange last week to acquire ABQ Uptown, a 222,000 square foot lifestyle center in Albuquerque, New Mexico, the center which generates sales of approximately $650 per square foot, adds to our presence in a growing Albuquerque market area where we're also on Cottonwood Mall.  Let me switch to capital markets, during the first 6 months of 2011, we close our lock rate on 50 new mortgages, totaling approximately $1.6 billion, of which our share was $1 billion, the weighted average interest rate on the loans is 5.1%, and the weighted average term is 9 years. As of June 30, 2011, we have $1.1 billion of cash on hand, including our share of JV cash and our availability on our corporate credit facility at $3 billion, for a total liquidity position of $4.1 billion. And as we said before, we still expect to generate $1 billion, more than $1 billion of cash from operations after dividends.  Japan, let me just tell you that we've reopened Sendai Premium Outlet, which was damaged by the earthquake and closed on June 17. The center reopened, and the response of the shoppers has been very positive. Costs of the repair of the center other than the deductible is covered by insurance. For our other 7 centers in Japan, things are returning to normal, and we continue to like the prospects in our Japanese business and admire the will of the people in Japan as they rebuild and grow their country after some of their tragedies. Now let me turn to guidance. Based upon our results for the quarter and expectations for the balance of the year, we increased the low-end of our 2011 FFO guidance by $0.10 per share and raised the top-end by $0.08. The midpoint of the range of our current guidance is $0.165, above the midpoint of our original 2011 guidance that I provided in February.  Let me just mention in Main Street Fairness Act, you've seen some editorials. In fact, in The Journal today, there is an article in The Journal. You saw the Indianapolis Star wrote an editorial on it. And let me just say that we've been very vocal about the unfair advantage that Internet retailers have and not being required to collect sales tax. We are urging Congress to introduce and pass the Main Street Fairness Act, which will allow states to end the subsidy being provided to retailers such as Amazon.com. Let me be clear, this is not a new tax, but would merely require Internet retailers to collect sales tax on behalf of the states where they do business, something that brick-and-mortar retailers and even those who sell on the Internet have done for years. And this is required by law. The economy is helped by having a level playing field, allowing an open market to determine consumer behavior without government subsidies, which we believe, is occurring for the online retailers. Now just a few concluding remarks before Q&A. We are certainly proud of the size and scale of the portfolio we have at SPG. As we have said it many times, our businesses where scale can be truly an advantage. And I believe that our industry-leading operating results, growth and profit margins are absolute testament to that. I do think, however, that sometimes, the quality of our portfolio is not fully appreciated. Our portfolio is second to none in our industry. We own more of the countries' iconic shopping destinations and centers by far. And to help illustrate this fact, I will point out a few facts. First of all, in the mall sector. The 20 malls from which we get the most EBITDA, provide approximately $800 million of EBITDA annually, and this is our share. As of June 30, these 20 properties generated sales of $777 per square foot. Now let me turn to our top 20 value centers from which we get the most EBITDA, provide over $600 million of annual EBITDA, again, this is our share. And as of June 30, these 20 properties generate sales of $721 per square foot. And just as a reminder, given the focus on the value in outlet sector that seems to be occurring in the marketplace, our share from projected this year from that platform will generate approximately $1.5 billion, that's $1.5 billion of EBITDA from our value-oriented centers, both mills and the outlets. So with that, operator, we're prepared to answer any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: David, since you left off with the outlet center, I guess I'll start there. First, here at home, there's been a growing push to recast busted malls or retail projects as outlet properties. Are you concerned that supply of new product could exceed demand in some markets and segments? And how do you think about differentiation in that sector to a sure success? Is it location, size, price point, what you do you think?
David Simon: You broke up the first part, could you -- I didn't hear it at all. Could you...
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Yes, that's fine. I was saying that there's been a push here at home in the U.S. to recast retail properties as outlet-focused property. Do you think there's some risk that the supply of assets could surpass the demand in the next few years?
David Simon: Look, my own view is that, I think it's going to be a challenge to build many of the new outlet centers that are being bandied about. There has been a list of 50 outlet centers out there that are in pre-development stage for several years. We think, obviously, demand is good but the retailers and manufacturers are very sensitive to where outlets can be put. And so we think the market should be circumspect to the amount of new outlet development that's being talked about. There will be some, I think it'll be more challenging than what people believe. I do think there'll be some mistakes made, but I don't see a redux of the lifestyle center development. Never put it past real estate developers to overbuild, but I'm hopeful that year after year, experience will lead to a better judgment. In this case, I do think the retailers and the manufacturers are very sensitive to their full price operations. And I think that's a governor here that probably will not be a redux of what we saw in the lifestyle center area. And I think the redevelopment of existing enclosed malls to do this again will be in that same category, and more challenging than people lead on.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And sticking with outlets, where do you see the development yields on Johor, compared to, say, the projects in Japan and Korea? And I'm just curious, thinking down the road, ultimately, how big of an opportunity do you think there is across Asia for outlet properties in your portfolio?
David Simon: Well, the yields there are actually -- we think they're going to be fantastic. The yields in Japan have been very high, I mean higher than in the U.S. Malaysia, we're projecting to be higher than the new development yields here. And we think all of the -- everything that's lined up to build there is -- the consumer is there, the growth in income is there. They love the American European brands. So it's all lined up to continue to grow that. We've been successful in everything that we've built from Korea to Japan. We see the same thing in Malaysia. As you know, we're back to really seriously thinking about China for outlets. So we think there is an opportunity, continue to grow that business in Asia for us. Hard to put firm numbers on it yet, but the good news is, we've got 10 centers, soon-to-be 11, and we've got a good, good solid business already up and running. And we've been at it for several years.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And just one last question on asset sales here at home. You guys have been in the market with some malls recently, and business and transactions on A malls. I'm curious, where do you see pricing on sort of A, B, and I guess I'll say, C assets right now, because we've heard some A malls actually touching 5 caps or lower, and I just love your perspective.
David Simon: Well, we have seen some -- again, we've seen some price talk on some, let's call them, A assets, I'm not sure whether they're a mall or an outdoor center or however you want to describe it. A couple of these, we think are more salty than they should be, because we don't see the growth that other people that are buying them see. We could be wrong, they could be right, but we think pricing on some of these individual assets that are out there are still what we see is very aggressive given the lack of growth characteristics in some of these assets. Now on the B and C, Jeff, I would tell you, we're still all in the discovery mode in terms of where the market is. Obviously, we've told you we have nothing to announce in that area, though we do have a very small amount of malls for sale as part of our strategy that we've had for years, to sell assets here and there. We, the B and C assets are more dependent on financing, the financing market in that area continues to be somewhat volatile. And I still think we're in price discovery on those kind of assets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: It's Michael Bilerman here with Quentin. David, let's just start with you. Obviously, during the quarter, you had your employment contract set up under a long-term basis. And I won't just focus just in terms of the length of time that it got to take to that place and, obviously, when the proxy came out in April, it was disclosed that you were working with the board towards something. And then in the disclosure, you talked about the taking -- that you've had negotiations for 18 months. And I'm wondering if you can just talk a little bit about what transpired over 1.5 years in terms of setting the goals that you wanted achieved and that the board want to achieve, and I guess how you ultimately got it resolved, perhaps back a couple of weeks ago.
David Simon: Well, it -- look, I think Michael, it took longer than it should have. And I think part of the length of it is just the care that the comp committee took in deciding what was appropriate. We -- obviously, these kinds of things, are very sensitive, very focused given the -- rightfully, I've no problem with the scrutiny that something like this comes with. And I think, again, I wasn't privy to the comp committee's deliberations, but my guess is, given the -- what was going on, that they took a lot of time to feel comfortable with it. Now -- and also there has been a lot of volatility in the world during this period of time. So -- and obviously, my primary focus over the last 20 months has been running this company, and this has not been the #1 agenda on my plate. I do think, again, I was not part of the comp committee deliberations, but my guess is they studied past performance. I'm sure they looked at some of the recent comp deals that were out there for new and existing chief executives. I'm sure they considered, if, for whatever reason, they had to replace me, what it would cost for a new CEO. And just generally, what are the requirements that the company needs to lead the company from a CEO in the future. With all that said, I think they concluded that the deal they struck with me was in the best interest of the company. And the share amount was generally the same for that long period of time. And so the size of the apparent transaction, so it's an 8-year deal, which I think the market sometimes loses sight of, got bigger because, obviously, the stock performed -- has performed well over that period of time. So I don't know if that answers your question, but they were sure they were very deliberate in their efforts. I was very focused on running the company, and we've been living in a very volatile world. You put all that together and it takes a pretty, pretty long time. From my standpoint, look, I've been doing this for -- I've been running this company for 16 years, and I -- it was appropriate for me to kind of assess where I was, what I wanted to do in the future. And I wanted to work out a deal that recognized what I brought to the table. And over that 16 years, I want you to realize that I've never had an employment agreement. I've never had a deal, and both from my standpoint and I believe the comp committee standpoint, though I can't speak for them, we both felt it was appropriate to negotiate something for a longer period of time that delivered a certainty and that we all felt, myself included, because I'm a shareholder, that was in the best interest of the company.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: And you get to do 32 more earnings calls.
David Simon: Yes. I can't guarantee the performance we've had in the past 30, but hopefully, we'll have some level of success along those lines.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: That's helpful color. Just diving into the portfolio stats you gave at the end of the comments, the top 20 is the top 20 malls and the top 20 value, the value you are saying are what? Mills and outlets centers? That's how you're combining that?
David Simon: Yes, we are now. It included a couple of mills, but generally, we included both.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: And so you're looking at, for those top 40 assets or about $1.4 billion of EBITDA on a basis of call it, $3.5 billion, $3.6 billion, so 40 assets, 20% of the asset base is generating 40% of the EBITDA, is that the way we should think about it?
David Simon: Correct, Mike. And that's our share as well.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Right. And then, so when you step -- the rest of the portfolio, probably, is mid-400s in terms of productivity?
David Simon: Well, look, we gave you some facts today, maybe we'll give you more facts later. But that -- we thought that would be helpful for people to understand. At least, again, people lose sight of kind of the quality that we have embedded because of the size, we understand that. We don't like the tier assets, even though Rick does and it bothers me, but I let him do it. But we want people to know that our top 20 assets in these categories generate a lot of cash flow. And I think over time, we'll be more descriptive to everyone, kind of how we look at it. But that's what we want you to start thinking about at least today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Haberman with Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Maybe following up where Michael just left off, on the top 20 on both the malls and the value centers. Can you -- are you willing to share, David, perhaps, some of your near-term outlook? What you think NOI growth could be perhaps for some of this top tier assets relative to the rest of the portfolio?
David Simon: Well, I don't have a specific number, but it's safe to say that these are under-rented and they're going to grow faster than our average, and they possess a lot of upside. But I don't have a record. Steve, do you want to add anything? But I don't have anything more to say other than that. They certainly, historically, have generated significant EBITDA growth, better than our average.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And maybe even just stepping back broadly, for the entire portfolio, if you think about this recovery to date combined with sort of where the economy is today and somewhat mixed, what's your general perspective in terms of where we are for rentals going forward in the cycle?
David Simon: Well, I would say, we feel pretty good other than -- there are a couple of tenants out there that, again -- I'm not going to name names, because we certainly shouldn't be in that business publicly. But there are -- a couple of tenants there that are sizable mall operators. When I say mall, that could be both outlet and full-priced malls that are still haven't had the benefit of the recovery that are going to put pressure on the industry, and us included, in terms of renewals and potential store closures and the like. And that's the biggest headwind. Now we've had that headwind, hasn't gone away, so we've been managing our way through that headwind. But that, to me, is the biggest headwind that's out there for us in terms of what we have to deal with on a day in, and day out basis. Our leasing people, obviously, understand that. They know that, and they're out humping to find those replacements, either through voluntary or lease expirations or to the extent that even 1 or 2 of these guys could end up in a Chapter 11, so that's the governor right now that we see. The consumer actually -- I feel a little bit better about what we all know. We live in a extreme volatile world, we could witness last night and understand that, what happened on TV last night. But I would say that's the biggest headwind that we've got to deal with.
Richard Sokolov: And the only thing I would add, it's Rick, is that our portfolio is not static. So as you look at the potential for NOI growth, we're renovating 20 properties, we're adding a considerable number of additional anchors. We just announced in today's press release, 3 additional department stores, as we continue to lease up our properties with more productive and impactful tenants and restaurants. We're enhancing the market share, and the better we make our properties, the faster our growth is going to comp.
David Simon: And we've got some major redos that are in works, that we may take some space out of service, that we're redoing the food court, all sorts of that stuff. That, again, is not overly material, but it might have a somewhat of a governor on our EBITDA growth. But we're performing -- the point is, we are performing better today than we thought we were, and we're bidding our budgets and that's the good news.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And I guess, Rick, sort of took my last question, but if you think about the $650 million of development, redevelopment of this year, and $800 million, I guess you're planning redev for next year. It sounds like that $1.5 billion target you guys had outlined for 3 years, you're perhaps cannot well exceed that. Is that a sign of you just want to reinvest more in the existing portfolio, rather than look for acquisitions at this point in the cycle?
David Simon: Well, I think those process, at this point, greater opportunities for us. We've always felt taking what we've got and making it better is a huge priority. One of the reasons why we brought David onboard was to help us do all of it, is there to do with the existing portfolio. And we're -- I'd say from that standpoint, we're very pleased with the amount of activity that our teams are generating. And that's not just the malls, the outlets, I mean, we've got expansions in the outlet side that we feel good about. Like in Seattle and Chicago, potentially in Woodberry, Commons, Allen, just to name a few. So the best thing we can always do is take a good property and make it better. And now that we feel good about capital and feel good about what our teams are doing, that's the #1 priority.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Just on international, I just want to get a feel for how you're thinking about the investment landscape outside the U.S.. I mean, you have your Asian developments, but have you thought more recently about acquisitions? I mean a lot more U.S.-based mall retailers are looking to grow outside the U.S. I don't know if that's having any input into that way you think about international investment, but both kind of from an acquisition perspective, and then, maybe anything that would lead you to accelerate your development pipeline beyond the sort of a couple other time you've got going in Asia.
David Simon: Well, the development side internationally, you're talking?
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Yes.
David Simon: Look, I think the big frontier there is whether or not we do something in China on the outlet side, and that, and we're spending a lot of time on that front. And we've got, at least, a couple more Japanese outlets to do, and we're looking at another one in Korea. And so the answer in the Asia new development is, I mean, we still want to dot Is, cross the Ts, but there's more to do there. And that could be accelerated to the extent that we do something in China. International, generally, when you talk about acquisitions, we mostly talk about Europe and potentially, what's going on in South America. And I will tell you that we're thinking a lot about it, it's very interesting. When we initially went into Europe in '98, we had this premise that the U.S. retailers were going to come, fact of the matter is, they didn't come, now they're -- but we were still successful. Now they're coming, so there is some industry logic to do it. We have felt comfortable we could add value, but the deal is there to do a sizable dealer. We don't want to just buy a one-off here and there. We think we would really want to try and create or invest in the platform. Those deals are not easy, but it's on our radar screen. We spend a lot of time thinking about it, but it's very hard to predict or -- in fact, whether or not anything will ever transpire there. And the math is always a challenge and -- which we don't feel compelled to plan a big flag there, because we've got lots of stuff to do here and lots of growth opportunities with our existing platforms including Asia.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: But the focus of this, right now, is kind of equally, like develop Europe and South America, say...
David Simon: Yes. I mean I think we've studied a lot in both markets. We actually have a trip scheduled, Contis knows Brazil pretty well. He served on the board of BR malls for a long time. That's a market we're not in, who knows? I have my own view. It looks a little toppy [ph], but I mean, long run, long-term, you've got to look at all these things.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Do you think we'll have news about kind of what you're thinking about doing in China, this year sometime, or...
David Simon: Potentially.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Okay. And then my last question, just maybe for Rick. Could you walk through, maybe, some of the -- we're not hearing much about that many new concepts in the malls, compared to maybe other points in the cycle, I mean, could you talk about who sort of your -- you've been doing deals with, and particularly anything that might be a growing concept?
Richard Sokolov: Well, we've got a lot of going on with a number of our traditional retailers. And -- but in terms of the new ones, Love Culture, Pandora Lego, Sperry, Francesca's, Divona, Cotton On, Made Well, lululemon, Michael Kors, Tilly's, those are all relatively newer concepts, and they're all growing very aggressively in our properties. So from that regard, it's very encouraging, and when you also take into a fact that recently, we had the Fresh Market, Francesca, Pandora, went public, Divona, I think, is going this week. So the equity markets are being very receptive to providing growth capital to our retailers, and that's certainly benefiting us.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Some of the existing concepts have been trying to downsize lately, I mean, are you seeing it kind of work both ways? I mean, are as many concepts looking to grow or is it kind of a general theme of trying to get your space to be more efficient?
Richard Sokolov: I think that for the more mature concepts that are saying, our store camp, perhaps, is too large or not as productive, we've got people that are very focused on growing. And the fact that our occupancy keeps going up is a testimony to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cedrik Lachance with Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisor: Looking at the activity on the big box side, obviously, you've added a lot of big boxes and -- or you will be adding a lot of big boxes in the near-term. David, do think it prevents some mall development, when you have the likes of Macy's adding a lot of space in existing malls?
David Simon: Yes, I think so. Rick, you want to...
Richard Sokolov: I think that one of our main strategies is trying to maintain the viability of market share of our properties. So to the extent that there is demand in a given market, to the extent that we can capture that demand by expanding our existing properties, it's a win-win for us. As David pointed out earlier, that's the surest way to get appropriate risk-adjusted returns. And in addition, we're making our property stronger.
David Simon: Yes. And I think the demand from the boxes to go into proven retail centers, including the malls, is just greater. So we're taking advantage of that trend. And the pressure out there -- certainly there's pressure on certain malls, but there is a lot of pressure on a lot of strip centers, just because if you lose an anchor or 2 in a strip center, that thing comes under immediate, immediate pressures. So the boxes seem to want to relocate where the action is, and in many cases, that being closed shopping center.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisor: Okay. And as far as preventing development in the future centers, do you hear from some of the big-box retailers, in particular, department stores, that by committing to so many existing malls, it's probably delaying their interests in committing to future developments?
Stephen Sterrett: Well, it's interesting. I just -- we still -- a little bit, but I would tell you that the biggest issue on new full-priced retailer demand is probably not from the boxes, but more just to make the numbers work, and what the real small shop demand is to make the numbers work. That would be my, Rick, you can add to that, but that would be more of the governors and some of the boxes. That wouldn't you -- don't you think?
Richard Sokolov: I agree with that. And just to give you an editorial comment, one of the things that we have heard from our department store and big-box clients that are the retailers, is that 2008, 2009, taught them that who their landlord is matters. And what we're finding is that, there is a higher degree of interest in coming in to properties where they know the landlord has the commitment, has the capital, and has the ability to renovate as needed, bringing new retailers and maintain the market share of those properties. And as David said, there is very little new development out there because there is not enough demand to generate a 300,000 or 400,000 square foot new projects, and so the retailers are looking to come into the established properties.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisor: Okay, that's helpful. Switching tracks, just talking about outlets for a little bit, you struck a JV with Tanger in Houston last month. Is it some -- is this a partnership you'd like to extend to other markets or was it a one-off event?
David Simon: Well, right now, we're focused on Houston. It's been a very positive discussion with Tanger. There -- we made a handshake and got documented quickly thereafter. We're excited about Houston. We're going to start construction, probably, in less than a month, in August. And we would never rule out doing more business with Tanger. But that's the #1 focus right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Isbee with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just staying on the outlet centers for a minute, 2 quick questions. As you look at some of the centers that have been announced or been in the press, and the relation -- the position relative to some of your existing centers, specifically to some of the Mills' assets, can you talk about what you've been able to do with the Mill's leases since you acquired that in terms of building in radius restrictions close to what you have at the Chelsea centers -- or the Premium Centers, sorry about that.
Richard Sokolov: From the -- this is Rick. From the Mills perspective, what we have been able to do is really, demonstrate the synergy between our platforms. Because the mills, their motto in their advertising campaign is Mills Means More. We've been able to take the outlet tenants that we have relationships within the premium platform and bring them into the Mills. And we've also taken a number of full price tenants that we have relationships in the mall business and bring them into the Mills. As a result, you've seen very good growth in the Mills, and you have seen substantial increases in the anchors, and the market share in those properties, and this month, the announcement of Macy's building a full-line store Gurnee on a pad that used to be occupied by Circuit City, is the best demonstration of how we're able to really, bring all of those varying tenants under the Mills outlets. In terms of the radiuses, they are less relevant in that property type.
David Simon: Yes. And I would say this, that we're not overly worried that any of these new -- if I caught your question right, we're not overly worried about any of the new outlets being developed is going to have a material impact on any of our existing Mills. So I don't -- I'm not worried about that at all.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just given the success that outlets have had, there's also have been a bit of a move to move the outlets closer into major metro areas and closer for full-priced retail. Do you see the retailers pushing back on that, given the success that they've had at the outlet centers?
David Simon: I think that's harder to do than some of the new entrants in the outlet market you're talking about. I think that's a major issue for retailers and manufacturers. And I don't think they're going to jeopardize their full-priced operations. I do think that when you have a tourist market like a Las Vegas one or an Orlando, as an example, you are able to, because you have new customers that come in every week. Essentially, you're able to avoid the traditional rules. I think that it's -- if a lot of the outlet developers think -- these new entrants, so to speak, think they're going to get retailers and manufacturers to ignore kind of the old rules, we don't see it, because frankly, when we've looked at a number of deals, we get pushed back on sensitivity all the time. And we -- I would say, we know the business reasonably well.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just moving to the full price, we've heard anecdotes over the last few months coming out of ICSC, that there's been a willingness on the part of the retailers to move the stores to mall levels that they wouldn't have thought about, 6 to 9 months ago. Can you talk about that you've seen in the Simon portfolio?
Richard Sokolov: We certainly have been able to take advantage of the better macro environment to expose our retailers to other market and other properties where they currently don't have stores. So to that degree, yes, we are finding that we are able to bring those retailers that maybe, in the past, would not have looked at a market or a mall that would -- did not have the type of sales potential they thought and try it. And happily, what has happened is that as they have opened these stores, they continued to perform, and that makes them more optimistic and confident about doing additional locations in that type of property.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then I have just one last question. The mobile web-based marketing system you've been talking about, can you just update us on what progress you've made in there and what direction you think it might go?
David Simon: Yes. Happy to, without divulging anything overly material. I mean, we are working with The Boston Consulting Group and our retailers, as we speak, in the design of the product, and we're making very good progress. The retailers that we're in discussions with have been very supportive of what we're trying to accomplish. Those discussions are ongoing. And we are hopeful that by 2012, we will have a product that we will be testing in a few malls, and we'll take it from there. So the goal is to have something of a test nature in '12.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So you're more likely to develop something on your own versus purchasing?
David Simon: Well, I think you'll see a combination thereof. I mean there is a lot out there that we don't necessarily have to build completely by ourselves, we can partner. It's too early to say. If I had to guess today, it'll be a combination of build and produce ourselves, and partner some of the aspects with others.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So what type of capital are we talking about in terms of investments?
David Simon: Too early to tell, but we can handle it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy with UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: David, just wanted to follow up on a comment that you made earlier regarding the volatility in the financing markets, and maybe, this is more a question for Steve, as he's on. But can you comment on what you've seen in terms of financing costs and availability for A assets, versus B and C assets in the last month or 2, especially in light of some of the recently weakness in the CMBS markets? And how is demand for some of these lower quality assets in the market being impacted as a result?
Stephen Sterrett: Well, Christy, thanks for asking me a question. I was feeling lonely. Listen, I think you have a couple of things going on. #1, there is still, overall, some more and more financial institutions restarting CMBS platforms. And so I think, overall, the trend line is still good, as what happened in the last of couple of weeks with spreads gapping out, and maybe a couple of deals not getting done quite as well as people had hoped. It's probably just an indication, that it is still an evolving, maturing market, in its reconstituted face. With demand for the different quality of properties, I would echo, I think the comment that Rick or David made earlier. And the fact is, your better properties grow faster, they're higher productivity. There's clearly more demand for lend against that type of assets holding all other variables like loan-to-value constant. But the fact is, we're seeing pretty good demand for products across all the different quality spectrums. And if you've got a good asset and you're reasonable on your loan-to-value, you can get it financed.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then question on outlets. Can you provide some additional color on your Toronto project? I know you have zoning approvals, but are there any hurdles from a construction standpoint that could potentially delay construction? And I'm sure you've had discussions with potential tenants about the project, but what's been the retailer feedback so far as it relates to your project versus Tangers?
David Simon: Well, look, I think the good news is, we've picked the market where an outlet center wants to be built. And we're competing hard against the alternative. We've got the site. I think it's just going to be a competition. We're hopeful that we'll get the job done. There is no guarantees that we will. Tenant demand is interested for sure, in building an outlet center there, it's a great market. So there's no real roadblocks from ability other than -- we've got to get the leasing, and I'm sure Tanger needs to get the leasing. And we feel like we're doing pretty good, but we're still got a ways to go. We are hopeful that '12, we start construction. I mean, that's our goal, and we're moving fast to accomplish that, no guarantees on that.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: What percentage pre-leased is Texas City given that your breaking ground next month?
David Simon: 50-ish, but it's -- we're very confident in that deal.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Ross is on line with me as well.
David Simon: I'm sorry.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: I was just going to say Ross is on line with me as well, I think he has a question.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: Just a quick question on Mills, it looks like you've got about $2 billion gross value of debt maturing over the next 18 months. How does that number relate to where Fairlawn is in terms of their potential monetization? And with that $2 billion of debt, do you guys, in the partnership, need to pay down any of that to get the refinancings done?
David Simon: Well, the vast majority of that is the senior loans and our mezz loan. And the fact of the matter is, there's no issue on refinancing the senior loan. It's -- coverages are very strong and the same thing with our mezz loan. So it's really not -- the refinancing of that is really not much of an issue in terms of how we look at it. The exit of Fairlawn is a different issue, and I -- it's really -- I'm not at a point where we can really discuss that. They've been a good partner, they're happy with the investment they've made, and we'll see where it goes. But I wouldn't be overly concerned about the ability to refinance the existing debt coming up.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: Is it fair to say we should expect a monetization of your partner's interests at some point move sooner rather than later here in the next year or so?
David Simon: It's certainly in the realm of possibilities. So it wouldn't surprise us if that happens, but there is obviously, a chance that they stay in the partnership and we continue to do what we do, which is grow the NOIs, invest in the properties for the future.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: And can you just remind us, how does the partnership work in terms of that monetization?
David Simon: They have a certain ability subject to right of first offer on certain assets, and they have an ability to sell their interest, subject to a first of right -- right of first refusal. They have some ability to sell certain assets subject to a right of first offer. And then, if they want to sell their interests, it's subject to right of first refusal.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: I just hope -- I wanted to look at the acquisition, the Lifestyle center. I'm just wondering if -- are you seeing select opportunities in these high productive Lifestyle centers relative to maybe what is aggressive pricing on A malls? I was just, for example, thinking of Plaza Frontenac. When I back out the Yankers, I'm talking about roughly 220,000 square foot of in-line space. I'm guessing the productivity is comparable as is the occupancy, yet you're only paying $86 million, and I'm assuming Plaza Frontenac will go for far greater.
David Simon: Well, let me just say, look, we like the deal we did in Albuquerque, it's very well positioned, and consumers love it, retailers love it, and we think there's upside. We saw one, I don't know what it's called, the Lifestyle center in Carlsbad, that went for, based on how we looked at it and underwrote it, very little growth for a much more aggressive price than anywhere near what we did Albuquerque for. And the other asset you mentioned, we just didn't have any interest in it. So I let others whatever happens to that, no idea. But we just didn't have an interest for it.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: And is there an opportunity to, let's say, on the cost of occupancy at ABQ?
David Simon: Yes...
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: Or is there expansion?
David Simon: Yes, there is potential expansion, and there is, we think re-tenanting it as well.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: And just -- I guess, one last thing other than that. Are you thinking of breaking up the borders or are we leasing it as the box that it is?
Richard Sokolov: We're working on both the alternatives. We've already identified 3 or 4 potential users that would take the whole box, but it's very well positioned in the assets. And so there is also the potential to break it up, and bring in a couple more restaurants and a couple other small shops.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Just quickly on the AAA, the depths of talks you have in Washington. If the rating agencies follow through and actually downgraded the U.S., do you think there's any impact to either Simon or any of the retailers as far as financing? Apart from just a general shift in the market, are there any contracts that you -- treasuries as an underlying reference or any of the factoring that goes on that maybe disrupted? Just trying to get a sense of what the impact would be in your world if that should happen.
David Simon: I don't think so. I mean, we do lease space to the government. And I will tell you that they -- I'm known for checking our accounts receivable every month when I get the report, and they are always 30 days delinquent, so I'm hopeful that they can rectify that. But it is very interesting to note, they are always 30 days delinquent. I mean, I guess in theory, we'd have some risk that, that would not be paid currently, but beyond that -- I mean, the numbers are immaterial, frankly. But beyond that, we don't see any real risk. I mean, look, spreads will invariably widen for all of corporate America and for all asset classes, so we'll be a participant in that. But beyond that, we can't see anything as we study that, that's going to be anything material.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Okay. And then just as a second question is on the discussion of the taxing the Internet sales in folks like Amazon. Is this -- I mean, it seems like it's almost something that Amazon-specific, because a lot of the retailers have bricks and mortar presence, and they also sell their goods online. And I'm thinking about like a store like Apple where they've had tremendous success, rolling out physical locations. So it almost seems like Amazon is unique, as far as more retailers would seem to want to have a physical presence, in which case, they have to collect sales tax. So just curious, if the tenants are indicating that it's more than just Amazon that there's a huge amount of sales that they're losing or if this is just something more Amazon and perhaps, books/electronics related.
David Simon: Well, there is a number of pure online retailers beyond Amazon, like, guilt.com, I'm just naming, Blue Nile, just to name a couple. So clearly, Amazon is the 800-pound gorilla in this area, but there are other pure line -- pure online retailers that are taking great advantage of the government subsidy that's occurring.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: But do the retailers have a sense of how much business they lose?
David Simon: Well, they're all very focused on it, so they're feeling the lost -- I mean, what we're hearing is the number of customers go to their store, learn all about it and buy it online, because it's 10% savings, so it's a real issue, and we need a level playing field. There's no reason whatsoever that there should not be. And it's not a new tax, and it levels the playing field. And the fact of the matter is, if a customer wants to buy online over bricks and mortar, and it's a level playing field, then that's the breaks of the game. But if they're doing it merely to avoid an 8% or 10% sales or use tax that they're required to pay, but the Internet retailer ignores it, that's not fair, that's not what this government should be all about.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Macquarie.
Ki Kim - Macquarie Research: Could you give us how -- remind me how much NOI you generate from the strip centers that you own? And if you can, give an update on, if there's any momentum in the small shops space.
Stephen Sterrett: Ki Bin, this is Steve. The strip centers in the aggregate, contribute about 3% to 4% of our NOI, which is just -- it's in the low hundred million dollar range, like $120 million.
Richard Sokolov: On the small shops side, there is a relatively small amount of space allocated to the specialty stores in the strip centers. That business is primarily driven by the big box leasing end. If you look in our supplemental filings, we are seeing momentum there, and adding boxes to that platform.
Ki Kim - Macquarie Research: So it's more in the box space not on the -- kind of in-line -- under -- the small shops space then?
Richard Sokolov: The small shops space is a relatively smaller percentage in that platform than in our other platforms.
Ki Kim - Macquarie Research: Okay. And turning to your 2012 lease expirations. Could you give us some color on what is the advantage, on average of what's expiring in 2012? And if you can, what was the, on the apples-to-apples basis, the sales productivity based on the advantage, historically?
Richard Sokolov: When you look in our supplemental filing, if you look in 2012, we have 9,700,000 square feet expiring. So you can expect that, that is going to be a very fair cross-section of our entire portfolio. And just as an aside, the rent for that is $30.22, so that gives us substantial room to roll those over at higher rent given our current average rent.
Ki Kim - Macquarie Research: Right. I mean, that's all leading towards -- so could we expect, reasonably, in the mid double-digit range?
Richard Sokolov: It is hard to project. It's really a function of the specific state, it's their role, but we've been showing good momentum in our spread over the last few quarters.
Ki Kim - Macquarie Research: Okay. And last question, how do guys calculate when you add new anchors to your existing malls? How do you calculate your expected yields from that? Is that purely from, if they do pay rent, the rent you're expecting? Or is there some kind of formula for the increase that will [indiscernible] that would generate an -- or impact in the mall...
David Simon: You know, it's old-fashioned. It's called a cash-on-cash return. And we do not take into account the hope and prayer of -- that it'll mean something to this tenant and that tenant.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: Just a couple of quick questions. Steve, bad debt expenses continued to stay low, is that expectation for the second half for the year or do you think there's a turnaround in that number, back to more normal $4 million to $5 million figure?
Stephen Sterrett: You know, Steve, the answer might be somewhere in between to the 2. David mentioned, there are a couple of tenants and actually larger tenants that we have on our watch list, we're paying attention to. But the overall receivable environment right now is pretty good. Receivables are down, really half of what they were a year ago, at this time. And so I -- with the exception of a couple of tenants that we're paying attention to, I think it will be a relatively modest the second half.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And then David, I know you said you don't like to characterize the malls, Rick does that, so maybe I'll throw the question to Rick. But could you guys just talk, maybe about regional performance and kind of what you're seeing across the country? And I realize you don't give the breakdowns of sales and rent growth between the malls and the Premium Outlets, but is there anything that you're seeing, I mean that noticeable trends between A, B and C in terms of rent growth, sales growth, and I guess anything by geography will be helpful.
Richard Sokolov: Well, but I'll comment on the geography. All of our regions were stronger with good sales growth, but the strongest regions were the mountain, which is Vegas, Southwest, Mid-Atlantic and Florida, weaker, but still growth where the plains and the Great Lakes. Across all the platforms, those properties that are located in tourist market have been substantially outperforming even the overall portfolio performance that we have talked about.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And then lastly, David, just talk about the dividend. I mean, your payout is exceedingly low and I'm just wondering what your thoughts are to maybe bump in the second half or is that something that you just kind of wait till the first quarter of next year?
David Simon: No. We're going to -- Steve, we're going to -- as you recall last year, we bumped it up materially in the fourth quarter. So we're going to follow the same procedure in the fourth quarter. It's going to be based upon our taxable income. And based upon taxable income, is certainly -- there is certain amount of volatility with taxable income. But based on what I know today, we're going to have an increase, obviously subject to board approval, but I'm sure our board wants to stay a REIT, okay? We're going to have a meaningful, again, subject to board approval and subject to what our taxable income is, but we're going to have a meaningful fourth quarter dividend increase like we did last year. And then going forward in '12, our annual payout now is $320 million, but my guess is that, as part of that fourth quarter, we'll also set the expectations that what our annual -- our quarterly dividend will be in '12, and again, I would anticipate that there'll be a true-up in the fourth quarter of '12, and that will kind of be the normal routine that we'll get in. Obviously, the true-up will never Hopefully, every be down, but we'll set a number, and then as taxable income gets more clarity, we'll bump it up to the extent that we don't, we're not meeting that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies & Company.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just a couple of questions with regards to price discovery. The Albuquerque, New Mexico asset, could you just give us a sense of what cap rates that was on -- at? And then also any update on King of Prussia and what could happen in that end?
David Simon: Well, we're not going to disclose it, but with Albuquerque, but I think you'd be pleased. And we're not going to disclose what's going on with King of Prussia other than we're having discussions with our partners.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then, next question, recent article on SNL, just talking about you potentially selling some of your shopping centers. Just curious if you had seen that and if you could make any comments?
David Simon: Well, we've got a couple of centers on the market, and we're in that process right now. But we don't -- we won't announce anything till we have a deal that's essentially done, and at this point, we're in the discussions, and still going through that process.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. Is there anything thematic about the assets sold? Are they being so weak?
David Simon: No. I think the only important thing to point out is just, we do this -- we've been doing this for several years. We did not do it in '09 and '10, because, obviously, the market was in major restructure, recovery mode. And so this is part of our ongoing process that we tend to look at some assets. We try to sell a couple here and there every year. It's consistent with what we've done in '08, '07, '06. You have all that data out there historically. And it's not a dramatic shift like say, and it's not an overly material the deal, like say, what's Westfield is trying to? It's just an ongoing process that we do, essentially, every year assuming the market conditions are acceptable to sell assets.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Great. And then just 2 quick ones to Steve. Steve, can you guess what occupancy costs were as of 2Q?
Stephen Sterrett: Yes. They were 12.1%.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And this is a combined number for the malls and the...
Stephen Sterrett: It is, yes.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: 2Q in the centers, okay. And then in the quarter, other income, there was other within other income of about $30.5 million?
Stephen Sterrett: Correct.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Could you just give us a further breakdown of what's in that number?
Stephen Sterrett: It is a lot of the miscellaneous stuff at the mall, Tayo, it's everything from stroller rentals, sales of lottery tickets and all that, that various over the last year was, interestingly enough, going back to an acquisition that we did many years ago, we held the key main life insurance for a former director who passed away. And that was a couple of million bucks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan with Cowen and Company.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: And just kind of a quick follow-up, Steve, on that other income line item. As you compute same-store NOIs, as I understand that other income is in there, is that right?
Stephen Sterrett: If it's related to the property, Jim, it is. But like, for example, this proceeds from this life insurance policy that I mentioned would not be in there.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay, very good. And then second question on same-store NOI, pretty significant increase quarter over quarter, up from the low 2s to 3.5, and I guess, teeing off of what David have to say about feeling better about the outlook for the balance of the year, I guess that's reflected in your guidance, but the 3.5 number this quarter, should we be assuming that, that number of data is achievable in the second half?
Stephen Sterrett: Well, I'll say this, Jim. As David mentioned, it is -- that was off a base that was positive last year as well. And if you look at the second half of last year, our comp NOI growth, as I recall, was in the low- to mid-2s. So we're coming off of higher bases. I think the good news, if you just look at the composition of the 3.5%, 265 basis points of it is percentage -- or excuse me, is minimum rent. I think Rick and David have both mentioned about deal quality continuing to get better, and 50 basis points of it is overage rent. We'll see where sales head, but if sales continue to stay at the percentage increase that we're seeing, it's reasonable to assume that there would be some pop from the overage rent as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carol Kemple with Hilliard Lyons.
Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons: I just had a question. In your press release, it didn't mention anything about the outlet you all announced in May in Phoenix. Is everything still on track for that center to be built?
David Simon: Yes, we're still moving on that, correct.
Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons: Okay. And I know at least 2 of your peers have announced that they're interested in that market. How many outlet centers do you think Phoenix can realistically hold and support?
David Simon: Well, if they all get built, somebody will be a loser, how's that?
Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons: That works.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Yang with Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: David, in past year, you talked about only buying and owning franchised assets, which I thought included a minimum size requirement as well as anchors. But given that you just bought an unanchored center that was only 220,000 square feet. Is this possibly a signal that you're maybe more open-minded about what you want to buy and own, and maybe in light of the aggressive pricing for high quality assets that you were talking about earlier?
David Simon: Well, look, we are -- it's a very good question. The answer is a couple. One, is we really like this asset and we've looked at a lot of assets like this. This was an off market deal, so it wasn't -- they didn't hire Eastfield to create projections that the people bid on and believed in, and put in crazy cap rates, so we think we bought it right. We still would prefer the bigger, better deals, but some of those are -- there's not a lot on the market. And two, the numbers are very, very aggressive. And I think the other important thing on this is a good -- a very good market. We're in this market, so we know it, we cover it. And as I mentioned to you, this was part of a 1031 -- again, we love the real estate, we think it's got a lot of potential, but it was kind of an off-market deal, very good real estate, fair price for the buyer and the seller, upside good market. 1031, we're very happy to buy it. And we have looked at those kind of centers, but even some of those are just being bid up to what we think are very aggressive levels.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I mean, why would the seller necessarily not market the deal and potentially leave some money on the table by selling it off-market to you guys? I mean it's no secret that pricing is pretty frothy overall. So I'm just curious, how you guys step in, and how you present yourself and how you end up winning these types of opportunities?
David Simon: Well, believe it or not, we have -- had a history of it. We like those deals the best. That's how we got into the Outlet business. We bought Chelsea. It was a negotiated deal. I bought the -- but low -- it wasn't an option. We've done most of our work in that way. And that's the way we prefer it, doesn't always work out that way. But in this case, our guys did a good job, and people know that we're going to close. So they know when we have a deal, they know we're going to close. And we're fair on that side of the equation. So they have faith that they just know we're going to get the job done.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Okay, great. And just last question. It looks like you meaningfully reduced the small shop tenants that were on month-to-month leases. Over the past quarter, it looks like it's down about 1.4 million square feet. Is this seasonality or were you able to convert the bulk of this to permanent tenants?
David Simon: Permanent tenants.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Can you give a breakdown just to give a rough idea of how much demand there might be for those temp to perm?
David Simon: Well, in this case, we had a couple larger national retailers that we've been going back and forth. And I think the bulk of it has been the fact that we just finalized those leases, and extended them and redid them or whatever.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: And what was the average spread for those temp to perm conversion?
David Simon: We don't have that in front of us.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: But it's included in the overall metric?
Stephen Sterrett: It was.
David Simon: Yes. Of course.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with J.P. Morgan [ph].
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Real quick, David just on the dividend, again, I just want to make sure I heard this correctly. Fourth quarter dividend increased slightly, assuming the board approves it. Is there -- were something similar to a special? And then you would give a sense as to what 2012 could be more on a run rate basis. That was the right way, correct?
David Simon: Yes. Let me -- yes, let me just restate it because it's obviously important. We pay $0.80 a quarter, times 4, that's $3.20. It's very likely that we'll -- in the fourth quarter, dividend declaration, which will be part of our third quarter earnings announcement in November, payable in November, we'll include a dividend higher than $0.80, that will be driven by what our taxable income is. Remember, if you don't pay your taxable income, you can't be a REIT, that would not be good. We're going to pay our taxable income out, right? That will -- by then, we'll have a good sense of '12's taxable income, and our quarterly run rate for '12 will probably be outlined in that context as well. So obviously, it'll be probably higher than $0.80 per quarter, but at that point, we're still, we'll have a better sense of that by the end of the year.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Got it, okay. And then, last question. On Opry, I'm looking in the supplemental share cost for the restoration, it's about $60 million. Is all of that out-of-pocket? Was there insurance proceeds that are coming to play as well, I mean, how do we think about that?
David Simon: Well, just -- we've actually worked very diligently and very hard with our lender. They're providing those funds, and we're suing Aon, who's been our broker for a number of years, unfortunately, has withheld the additional coverage that we think, and we know we're entitled to. And that litigation continues.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert McMillan with Standard & Poor's.
Robert McMillan - S&P Equity Research: Can you give me what percentage of your 2011, 2012 leasing activity has been completed?
Richard Sokolov: 2011 is substantially done. 2012, we're probably about 35% completed already.
Robert McMillan - S&P Equity Research: And how is that compared with normal?
Richard Sokolov: We're a little bit ahead of where we've been historically over the last couple of years.
Robert McMillan - S&P Equity Research: And can you comment on what retail sectors are doing particularly well, and which ones are doing particularly poor, and which ones you're more optimistic about?
Richard Sokolov: The one that have shown better growth have been the sporting goods, jewelry, women's better apparel and accessories. Weaker areas, obviously, books, women's moderate and junior apparel.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Moore with RBC.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I got to say, I like the acquisition of the best asset in Albuquerque, which is my hometown, as it turns out. And I'm curious, beyond the obvious plans for the center itself. Across the street, there is kind of a defunct old regional mall asset. And then, across the other street, there's 1/3 tier general growth asset, that's a regional mall as well. And I'm wondering, if you're thinking beyond the center itself, maybe crossing one of the 2 streets in the future?
David Simon: Well, I think it's -- I think the -- it's not -- look, we've have not -- discussions with general growth, so I'm not -- we're not going to speak on that asset. But I think you do point out that there is potential on the other one, and we're cognizant of that asset and what the potential there is. But certainly, not the general growth asset, I mean, I have no comment on that, essentially.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. So you haven't talked, David, to the private guy that owns the old Winrock Center?
David Simon: Well, we're aware of what -- that could be an interesting situation, but it's too early at this point.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Because that's a great area, obviously, for a broader retail place, it seems like. Okay, second thing is, I'm curious, why did you say, you don't like to tier assets? That seems like from your guy's standpoint, obviously, you understand all the assets. From the analyst investor standpoint, it's usually helpful to see the kinds of stats that you threw out at the beginning of the call on a more defined and formal sort of basis. I'm curious why not put that tiering together?
David Simon: Look, I just believe that, to me, $1 of cash flow is $1 of cash flow, so and I just don't like, essentially sometimes, what it means internally, but it's not a big issue. I mean, we do it, we look at it, we'll give you data that we think it's important to understand, if we think the market is not appreciating what we've got. And we'll continue to do that, we can cut it 1,000 different ways. Our average is obviously, mean something because of the size of the company. So it's not -- our averages are not insignificant, because it's over a big broad-based. And you know math. You know how math works, right? So it's not just 20 assets that 3 or 4 or 5 could skew the results one way or another. So -- but the important thing is, look, tell us how you'd like it, we'll factor it in. But we've got a business to run internally, and I don't like to characterize assets by tiers, because the fact of the matter is, I want every asset we've got to be better and the best it can be, or we should let somebody else try and achieve that.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Okay. Good. I got you. And then, did you guys look at that Niagara Falls outlet center that apparently Matridge has or is it [indiscernible]
David Simon: Yes. We're more focused on Torano [ph] than Buffalo, frankly. We do -- and again, I don't really know what the deal is, but there are reports that it's in the -- we don't see it necessarily as a top 25 outlet center. We've pretty good familiar with the outlets that are out there, but I'm sure they'll do fine with it, but our focus right now is Torano [ph], not Buffalo.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Okay. All right. Great. And then last thing I had, Steve, I wasn't quite sure if you kind of hit on this, you might've, but percentage rent this quarter were up sharply, and certainly, well above what we had anticipated. And what was the reason for that, do you think?
Stephen Sterrett: Well, it could have been your anticipation.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: So that could have been the problem. Yes, indeed.
Stephen Sterrett: But, no. Rich, I think we're just seeing the benefit. I mean, obviously, percentage rents are tough to predict because you have tenants coming in and out of overage rent all the time. But the fact is, if you have the sales growth that we have now seeing for the last 4 or 5 quarters in a row, it has begun to manifest itself in higher percentage rates. It is as simple as that.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Okay. So the -- what we saw in the second quarter could continue to some extent for the foreseeable future?
Stephen Sterrett: Depending on what your assumption is about sales growth going forward, sure.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Caitlin Burrows with Credit Suisse.
Gautam Desai : It's Gautam Desai. A couple of questions on the international front. With the recent weakness in U.K. retailers, do you guys think like your dodged a bullet there?
David Simon: Well, look, we know what we're doing, whether we dodged a bullet or not, I don't know. We offered what we offered on Capital Shopping Centres, a price that we thought we could make work based upon our industry knowledge and history of past performance. They didn't consider it. I know that the stock.
Operator: Please standby, your conference will resume momentarily. Again, please standby. [Technical Difficulty]
David Simon: Sorry about that. I don't know if you heard the last part of my response but let me just repeat it. In terms of dodging the bullet on CSC, let me just say this, we all heard a price that they weren't interested in. The stock obviously has not gotten that price since we offered it. Our offer was subject to due diligence, but we felt comfortable in offering that, because we have the history of making acquisitions work, and -- but they were not interested. So that's really all I can say on that. I don't necessarily think we dodged the bullet. We're very comfortable in underwriting. We understood the U.K. market, that's why we thought they should have seriously considered our offers subject to due diligence. They chose not to. But had we done due diligence and felt comfortable with it, we would've made the deal work like we have every other deal.
Gautam Desai : Good. Sounds good. And my last question is, what kind of demand are you seeing for international tenant expansion within the U.S.?
David Simon: Pretty good. In fact, one of the leaders is here, the last 2 days talking a lot of business with us. Rick and just -- but if -- I'd say, it's very positive.
Richard Sokolov: Yes. We're doing a lot of business with H&M, and they're literally, here right now. We're doing business with Desigual, Inglot, Cotton On, Aritzia, AllSaints, those are all international retailers that are looking to expand their footprint in the U.S. and we're getting the benefit of that.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A session for today's call. I would now like to hand the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
David Simon: Thank you, everybody. We are very sorry for that technical glitch. We can blame that on David Contis, because he took our -- my technology room, for those of you who have visited Indianapolis, I gave him by office, so we're in a new room. And we'll, obviously, work this out. But have a great rest of the summer and take care. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for attending today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Shelly Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David Simon - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Nathan Isbee Ki Kim - Macquarie Research James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisor
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2011 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kathy, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's call, Ms. Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Shelly Doran: Hello. Good morning, and welcome to Simon Property Group's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that statements made during this call may be deemed forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to our annual and quarterly periodic reports filed with the SEC for a detailed discussion. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe it is important to note that our call includes time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of today's date, April 29, 2011. During today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC's Regulation G. Reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the earnings release or the company's supplemental information package that was included in this morning's Form 8-K. This package is also available on the Simon website, in the Investors section under Financial Information, Quarterly Supplemental Packages. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David Simon: Okay, good morning, everybody. Welcome. We're glad you took time away from watching the royal wedding, and we're pleased to report FFO of $1.61 per share for the quarter, an increase of 14.2% over the first quarter of 2010. And in comparing that, that takes into account the loss on extinguishment of debt that we had into the -- in the first quarter of 2010. Our quarterly results exceeded the First Call consensus by $0.07 per share. Total sales on a rolling 12-month basis were $500 per square foot, up 8.2%, as compared to $462 per square foot as of 3/31/2010. Please note that this $500 per square foot is on more than 52 million square feet of GLA. As of 3/31, occupancy was 92.9%, 70 basis points higher than the year-earlier period, and the releasing spread for the rolling 12 months was a positive $5.11 per foot.  Beginning in 2011, we changed our reporting of spreads, comparing opening and closing rents on a same space basis. The statistic is now also based on total base rent, which is minimal rent plus the common area maintenance charge, or CAM, and we believe this new methodology will help give investors a better economic picture of certain of our leasing activity. Our releasing spreads always have been and will be under the new methodology will include all in-line space, including spaces larger than 10,000 square feet. So it's all in-line space that that's compared to. Comparable property NOI growth was 2.3%. We believe, just to highlight a few things, first of all, the growth in the quarter was virtually 100%. Increase was driven by rents. In addition to just compare the Q, not to get overly worried too much from one quarter to the next, but when you compare Q1 2010 to Q1 2011, I would just keep in mind that in '11, we had the significantly higher snow removal expense in the first quarter of this year, as well as we -- as you recall, last year, we had a -- our credit loss was actually recovery, and this year we actually had bad debt expense. When you put the 2 together and normalize those, our comp NOI growth would be over 100 basis points higher than the 2.3% that was reported. Capital markets, we've been busy as always. We closed a lock rate on 9 new mortgages, totaling $962 million. Our share of that was $543 million. The weighted average rate on the loans is 5.3%, and the term -- weighted average term is 9.4 years. During the quarter, we also paid off $282 million of unsecured debt with our cash, and we end the quarter with $937 million of cash on hand, including our share of JV cash, and our credit availability on our facility is $3 billion for a total liquidity position of nearly $4 billion. And as you know, in '11, we expect to generate more than $1 billion of cash after dividends.  Development activity. We're pleased with this on a number of fronts. First of all, we opened our second Premium Outlet in South Korea, Paju Premium Outlets, located approximately 50 minutes northwest of downtown Seoul. Early reports have been extremely favorable, and the center is 99% leased at opening. And just to put it in perspective, our Yeoju Premium Outlet in South Korea continues to perform exceedingly well. It is 100% leased and generates sales of $875 per square foot in U.S. dollars. We also completed the expansion renovation of Las Vegas Outlet Center. And in conjunction with that, we rebranded it Las Vegas Premium Outlets South and is located on Las Vegas Strip near McCarran International Airport. We have 2 new developments under construction, both Premium Outlets: Johor in Malaysia, which will open in November of this year; and Merrimack in New Hampshire, which will open in the summer of 2012, but I'm really pushing for the spring of 2012, but that's another story.  During the first quarter, we started construction on 9 renovation projects and now have a total of 10 under construction. And in 2011, we've been, obviously, very busy. We plan to open 32 new anchors and big boxes, including Herberger's, Kohls, Carson Pirie Scott, Target, Dick's, Opry and Marshall's and H.H. Gregg, just to name a few, which I did. And we currently have 8 anchor or box deals scheduled to open in 2012. Details on cost, returns and timing for these projects are provided in our supplemental reporting package. Now let me turn to Japan for moment. Obviously, we're very concerned about the people and what's happening there. But to give you some perspective, our portfolio is comprised of 8 properties, 4 in the south, 3 in the Tokyo market and one in the north. You will recall that we own a 40% interest in these assets with our well-known and esteemed colleague and partner, Mitsubishi Estates. Sendai, the smallest of our Japanese assets, was damaged by the earthquake and has been closed since the earthquake. Fortunately, repairs are currently underway, and we expect a reopening in mid-June of this year. Costs to repair the center after the payment of our deductible are covered by insurance. Since the earthquake, 3 of our properties outside of Tokyo, Gatemo, Sano and Ami, have been allowed to operate only 8 hours per day due to rationing of electricity. This ended yesterday, and the centers have reverted to their regular 10-hour operating schedule. However, given the environment there, this could be subject to change. It is too early to gauge the short-term impact of the earthquake, tsunami and damaged nuclear facilities to our business. Sales of the centers near Tokyo have been below year-ago levels since the quake. As things settle down in Japan, we expect these highly productive, high-quality Premium Outlets to revert back to historical trends. However, we anticipate that softness will continue for the remainder of 2011. Not to be undone by that earthquake, the good news, I will talk a minute about Opry Mills. As you know, we had a historical flood that ravaged Nashville and submerged Opry Mills and flooded it with several feet of water in the mall. The good news is we've reached an agreement with our lenders to finance the restoration of the mall. Opry Mills and its lenders will continue the litigation to have our insurance -- insurers comply with their obligation to pay all the amounts they agreed to in the event of a flood loss. Repairs and rebuilding of the landmark property have begun and is expected to open in the spring of 2012. Most of the previous anchor tenants have committed to be part of the reopening, and many of the previous in-line stores have committed to the restored Opry Mills. In addition, many new tenants have agreed to come to open stores at the property. We expect, on a stabilized basis, to exceed the NOI that was in place prior to the flood. Based upon our results for the quarter and expectations for the balance of the year, today, we increased the low end of our 2011 FFO guidance by $0.10 per share and raised the top end by $0.05. These increases in guidance reflects the improving business conditions we are seeing in the U.S., our ability to execute our game plan. However, it is partially offset by the uncertainty in Japan and the continued closure of Opry Mills.  Finally, let me just mention some management additions. We have recognized that we are very focused in maintaining our leadership position and our desire to execute on many fronts. So that we can continue to deliver sector-leading growth, we can and should add to our executive team. So accordingly, we welcome 2 new additions to the ranks of executives: David Contis, Steve Fivel. David will lead our regional mall platform, working with me and Rick and assisted by John Rulli. His first day on the job is next Monday. I'll be out of town, by the way, just to -- so -- Steve Fivel has been here since March, and he's assisting Jim Barkley, our General Counsel, on all the areas he oversees. We've all known David and Steve for many years, and we're very happy to add them to our team to continue our contributions that we expect them to do. So summary. We had a very good quarter, another one in our long string of successful quarters, and we're ready for questions and answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Mueller of JP Morgan.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: A couple of things. First of all, looking at the leasing spreads, they picked up considerably from the year-end mark, up from about 4% to 10%. If we're thinking about that, is that more driven by, say, the fourth quarter of '09, just the dropping out of the mix of low rent openings? Or is it more driven by you had a good second half of year 2010 in terms of sales, good 2011 so far, so really, the opening rent levels are kind of picking up there more?
David Simon: I would say it's more of that. It's a 12-month period of time, so it's representative of what's going on. But look, demand is better, we're able to generate better rents. It's still a very difficult process in doing that, but we've got a good group of people and a very good portfolio. And when you put the 2 together, we're able to drive rents.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Got it. Okay. Over the last couple of quarters, you put some money to work in terms of mortgage investments. Can you talk a little bit about that? Is that more investments that we should think of as short term, putting capital to work and you're getting a nice return on it and at some point, you get the money back? Or is it more along the lines of there's a shot at getting to the real estate?
David Simon: Well, given -- we did it initially with both in mind, but the odds are, based upon what's happening in the capital markets, that we'll probably just get paid in par.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then last question, I mean, sales growth has obviously been pretty good over the past year or so. I mean, how far away do you think we are from new development on the traditional mall side? You've been active, obviously, on the outlet side, but is that something that you're thinking about more these days?
David Simon: I don't see it. In my -- I think it was in '07, maybe it was early '08, I had said a decade away back then. So I may have been a little over dramatic. But we -- Rick, you can comment on this. We just don't see new full-price retail being built any time in the near future.
Richard Sokolov: And I think that one of the other companion trends to that is that the retailers, as their demand for space picks up, are being accommodated by redevelopments and expansions of the existing square footage and properties. So the existing properties are getting a lot stronger and that, in turn, is going to make it even more problematic to institute new development going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan of Cowen.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: David, one of your peers in this quarter talked about buying anchor boxes. And I'm just curious if that's something -- I'm sure you're been doing it all along, but I'm just curious if you're seeing more opportunity to do that now or if you're being more aggressive if the opportunities arise?
David Simon: I will tell you, Jim, that it's standard operating procedure here to reclaim the boxes, that anchors that some of our tenants might have owned that closed. So the strategy is not all that different. We like to have tenants kind of secured. We like to drive a tough bargain on it. So it's not -- we don't call it kind of newsworthy events, it's just kind of standard operating procedure that if we have the ability to buy and retenant it, we will, if it makes economic sense. Rick, you can add to that, but we've done a lot of it over the years.
Richard Sokolov: Yes, just to that point, the -- if you think about our portfolio in the industry, over the years, we've had the May, Macy merger, we had Lord & Taylor abandoning substantial stores, we have Montgomery Mall abandoning many stores, Parisian. Over the years, we've redone about 75 department stores, and you can go back in all of our 8-Ks, and all that activity is tracked. And in virtually every instance, we have ended up with a replacement that is stronger. But David's point, we'd like to know what we're going to do with the box before we acquire the box, and we want to make sure that we're getting an appropriate return on that capital investment.
David Simon: And some of the -- Jim, just to -- and you can see this in our 8-Ks over the period of time, but we're doing 32 box deals in '11. Some of those were purchased boxes, some were lease expirations, some were lease buyouts. So that's just standard operating procedure here.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And kind of a related follow-up question on this point. You have talked on several calls now for a long time about the double-digit returns you get from this kind of box redevelopment activity that you've done. And Rick, you've talked about it in detail over the years. And then if I connect that -- trying to connect the dots, if you will, to the culling of the portfolio issue that -- this was talked about in the last call in reference to cap rate movement. I think you, David, indicated that you saw cap rates becoming attractive on potential sales opportunities, and of course, you're in the market with a couple of assets today. Is there much opportunity, or do you ever connect the 2, i.e., you look at doing a big-box renovation with the intention of and generating a double-digit yield with the intention of selling that asset when completed to a buyer that likes that type of property. Is this...
David Simon: Well, all the time. I mean, let's just talk an example. I mean, if we have a -- take a, in theory, a mall that you could sell at an 8 cap rate and we redevelop the box at a 6, we've lost value. If we redevelop that box at a 10, and we think it's an 8-cap asset, then we've created value. So we always take a difficult economic review of the redevelopment opportunity. So the answer -- simple answer is absolutely. And sometimes, you want the ability to redevelop the box to sell the assets. So again, that just factors in to what we're trying to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim of Macquarie.
Ki Kim - Macquarie Research: So lately, there's been a lot of talk about big-box retailers downsizing their square footage. And I think you guys have a great perspective on this because you own both type of retail properties. On the margin, do you see some of that coming into the malls going forward, minus the Best Buy mobile retailer?
David Simon: Well, certainly, there are some that are playing around with the size of their store. Old Navy is a good example of that. They went through a pretty significant period where they started at one size, grew to another size, and I think they're reverting back to kind of their original roots. I think that some of the bigger category-killer types, the Best Buy's of the world, are all looking at their footprint. We expect that some of the bigger stores ultimately will try to increase their efficiency. So we're very aware of that. And I'd say, sure, there are a number of retailers that are looking at the size of their box and what it needs to be going forward. Rick, I don't know if you want to add anything?
Richard Sokolov: Yes, I would just say on the specialty store side, there's no consistent pattern for every one tenant that says, "Well, I was 8,000, I think I want to be 6,500 in my new prototype." We have others that are saying, "We were at 6,000, we need to be 10,000." It's really a function of the momentum in that particular business, the number of lines that they're introducing, that they want to incorporate into their stores and the way they want to configure their stores. So I don't think that it is a broad-based trend across the retail space.
Ki Kim - Macquarie Research: Okay. And second question, as you're sitting down with tenants during these negotiations, have tenants started already -- started to show some level of concern regarding commodity price increases? Not just gas prices from the retail sales standpoint but maybe on the commodity input front, like cotton prices, which have doubled in the past year? Was that putting pressure on margins and maybe your ability to keep occupancy costs up?
David Simon: Well, look, I think their attitude right now is they believe they can pass that on. And I think this year we'll get a good sense of whether they're capable of doing that. And if that's the case, then I think it's business as usual. If they're unable to pass that on, they're going to naturally look at other areas that -- to reduce their operating expenses, and it may come after -- they may come after the landlord community. But up to this point, we have not seen it. And our defense to that is that we have great assets and good people, and we can hold our own in that kind of discussion. But at this point, they seem to think -- not universal, but they seem to think that they can pass it on and the consumer is willing to pay for the good as long as the consumer sees value in that good.
Richard Sokolov: And I would just add that historically, the tenants will bring forth any fact that they can put on the table to try and argue for lower rent, and we will -- as David said, we'll do what we can to argue for what we think is fair rent, and this is nothing new. Today, it could be raw materials. Three years ago, it could have been healthcare, could have been gas prices. Whatever the external circumstances that can broaden the discussion, they will do. And I think our results show, as David has said, we can hold our own in those conversations.
Ki Kim - Macquarie Research: And last quick question. Your lease spreads, that increased pretty significantly. I was wondering if you could give just the first quarter 2011 lease spread itself without doing 2012 month?
David Simon: Order, no. We look at it on a yearly basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Habermann of Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: With sales up as much as they are now year-over-year and, obviously, occupancy trending up 70 basis points, where do you think you are now in terms of your ability to push rent versus retailers? And I guess, how are they responding just given your sort of focus on top assets?
David Simon: Well, look, I don't like to talk about our negotiations with our clients in the public domain. We're trying to create a fair deal for us and for them. And as I said earlier, it is still a challenge. The retailers are very focused. The impact of the great recession is not that far from their mind. And so we've got a -- that we've got a -- we've got to deal with that fact. And you got to try and create a win-win. So the good news is the environment's better, we're able to increase our rents, and we're trying to find that right deal. And the good news is our occupancy cost for the outlets and malls together is at 12.2% for the first quarter, and that's pretty good. So we're in good shape. In a lot of cases we're under rented. And in those cases, we think we can still be able to increase rents and create profitability for the tenants.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then obviously, with David Contis joining next week, any sort of changes you anticipate in strategy or just really continue to focus on your platform?
David Simon: Well, look, I think we have so much to do that we wanted another aggressive, thoughtful, energetic real estate guy on the team to do what we want to do. So we look at it as another experienced set of hands to get the job done. And beyond that, no, he'll be a great fit. He'll work a lot with Rick. Between the way those 2 talk, hopefully I'll be able to get a word in edgewise. That's why I'm leaving the first couple of days next week. So -- but no, he'll be great. And other than that, I just think we got a lot to do. The other thing for David, he's had a good experience internationally. So that's like a gift with purchase in terms of him coming on board. Wouldn't surprise me if he or we find an opportunity internationally because of his involvement. And he just loves this business. And you want to have guys that love this business on the team.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And actually, just on that point, I mean, your stock's up now almost 20% since mid-January, obviously outpacing the RMC [ph] but how are you guys thinking about external growth apart from the redevelopment that you've announced. I mean, sort of is M&A still on the table?
David Simon: Well, right now, M&A, is always something that we look at. But, Jay, at this point, we don't see much out there in terms of big M&A. But we're active and we continue to look at a lot of different things.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christine McElroy of UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: Just a follow-up on a prior comment. I see what you're saying about expansions, redevelopment creating more space and better performing malls to accommodate retailer growth, but if you're a retailer like Abercrombie or Ann Taylor and you're already in all the better malls in the country and you're actually closing stores in underperforming malls, how do you grow from here? Is it new concepts? Is it straight retail?
David Simon: Well, look, I think for Abercrombie, it's obviously international. But, I mean, we're doing a lot of business with Ann Taylor, so they obviously feel like there's places for them to go in existing portfolios. A number of these retailers are also looking to get in the outlet sector to grow. I mean, Bloomingdale's is a great example of that. I think we have 3 out of the first 7 or 8, right, Rick?
Richard Sokolov: Yes.
David Simon: So some are looking at international. It's interesting, when we first invested internationally, we did it in '98. And the theory was our U.S. retailers would go abroad. We didn't realize it would take them 12 years to do it. But thankfully, even though it took them 12 years to get there, we made a lot of money in our pursuit of international expansion. So they're finding avenues to grow. I still don't think, though -- Christy, I still don't think the demand is so great that it will foster new, full-price, ground-up redevelopment. When I say it won't, I mean, there's always going to be maybe a deal here or there that get done. But in order to get that done, you're going to have to have economics -- from our standpoint, those economics probably to motivate the retailers to take a risk would be something for us that would be very hard for us to underwrite, vis--vis the other areas that we can invest our capital. But that could change. And I expect it to change, but I don't think it'll change in the next year or 2.
Richard Sokolov: And just in response to that question in terms of how they grow, and David alluded to this, most of our retailers are now very engaged in brand extensions. So Gymboree is growing with Crazy 8. J.Crew is growing with Madewell and Crewcuts. We've got American Eagle that is working with us on 77kids. And those are just a couple of examples. And when they are rolling out brand extensions, they are using the metric of their existing stores performance. So they are going to want to open their new brands where their existing brands are already successful, and that is obviously playing right into our strength.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then just a follow up on your outlet comments. Aside from Merrimack, have you guys announced any other projects in the U.S. in the pipeline? And can you just generally comment on sort of the uptick in potential supply growth for outlets in the U.S. as more developers are targeting sites and starting new projects?
David Simon: Well, look, we have not announced the construction of any new outlet. I know it's mostly public knowledge. We are looking and working in Galveston, Texas, and we think, ultimately, there'll probably be -- the market there can only really support one outlet, and you've got that in process. We'll see what happens there. But we're working on other sites, but we really don't have anything at this point. And when I say other markets, but we really don't have anything at this point to announce. But we're confident that we'll be able to find some other avenues to build ground-up. And I think in that market, in that sector, there is more demand to build some. But it's not -- there's not going to be a lot of these built because even with outlets in mind, the retailers are very disciplined in where they want to go and on what basis they want to go. And you've got competent developers like us and Tanger and others that understand that dynamic.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And just lastly, can you talk about how you're approaching shorter-term 1- to 3-year leasing versus a couple years ago? So what percentage of your leasing in the quarter was 3 years or less, excluding temp tenants?
Richard Sokolov: Well, what we have in our -- the leases that were signed in the first quarter, we had -- the 2 years or less was 19%, which is the same percentage that we've been reporting historically. We are doing it, so it hasn't really changed. What we are doing is when we determine our term in our negotiations with our tenants, we're looking at whether we think it's the right use, the right rent, the right tenant in that space. Do we have space sitting next to it that's maturing in the next year or so? There are a lot of factors that go into that term discussion, and it's something that we're very focused on. But there has not been a material increase in our short-term leasing in the last several years, and so we're pretty much normalized going into this part of the cycle.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cedrik Lachance of Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisor: Just looking at The Mills portfolio, as you look back to that transaction, can you give us effectively a report card of how progress has been made? And what would you want to do or what do you want to do with The Mills portfolio going forward?
David Simon: Well, I would tell you that I think The Mills -- there are 17 Mills. We only show 16 because one doesn't -- is under construction, that being Opry. And it's exactly -- the underwriting is exactly what we thought it would be. There's a couple that we knew going into that deal that were very difficult. But the way, as you remember, Cedrik, Mills didn't have much equity, if at all, in those, a couple that were tough. And we're making progress on those couple that are tough. But the fact is they contribute very little cash flow to us, and they're on our books for essentially nothing. The others have gone very well, and we've done a great job of improving them, and we feel very good about the concept. We've added full price. We've added outlets. We've added boxes. We're close to announcing a full-line department store in 1 or 2 or 3 of them. Sawgrass Mills, we've done a great job of executing the outdoor, high-end outlets there. We've also -- you'll notice a decrease in the occupancy. That's really associated with getting back the one anchor there, the Wannado in Sawgrass, which we've got great development plans that will increase the cash flow, we think, at that center by $4 million to $5 million just on redeveloping that box. So aside from the 2 that we always felt were tough, that were not great, great locations, we've actually been pleased with it. Fairlon's [ph] been a very good partner with it, and it's gone according -- essentially according to plan. The good news on the mall side is that we have -- I guess I can -- we have a big redevelopment that's going to be announced next week, so we can't announce it this week, on one of the malls, and we've also started major work in Southdale. So we are making really good progress on the malls. And we've been pleased with it, and it's gone according to what we thought with the major markets Potomac, Gurnee, all of those kind of going somewhat better than initially expected. And frankly, surviving relatively unscathed a great real estate recession.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisor: And then so in terms of the 16 Mills themselves, do you want to move even further to Howard's outlets for those properties over time?
David Simon: Yes, we think we're adding more outlets there. They're -- usually, they're in such great, dominant, super regional mall locations that we're going to do both full price and outlets in some of them. And others we think we can move even more with outlet concept.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Bilerman of Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Yes, Quentin Vellely is here with me as well. First question on the leasing spreads, and appreciate the new detail. I guess when you look at total leasing, I mean, how much of that was in the quarter because I guess moving now the same space but increasing to above 10,000 reduced the square footage that's being shown on the page. And so I'm just curious, when you look at the totality of it, what sort of the trends were like in openings and closings?
Stephen Sterrett: Michael, it's Steve. Part of your question is correct. The premise is correct. We did move the same space, but we have always disclosed all GLA, all small shop GLA in our leasing statistics. But to answer your question, the $5.8 million that we included on a same-space basis is about 75% of our total leasing activity over the trailing 12 months.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: And I guess when you look at the totality, so that 8 million square feet opening and closing, would the spread increase or decrease from that up 10,000 just to get a perspective of -- same space is very important but I'm wondering if we can get perhaps both of them so that we can really understand the impact it is to the bottom line on the totality of the portfolio.
Richard Sokolov: Yes, Michael, if we had included a, cut at, 10,000 feet or 15,000 feet, the smaller space as you -- I thought it was the...
Kevin Beeston: The question is if you include it all together.
Richard Sokolov: That still would be substantially higher spread.
Kevin Beeston: It would still be higher spread.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Can I assume that if it was higher than 10,000 or how much meaningful if you include all the leasing that you had completed?
Kevin Beeston: Well, it's 75% of the total population. So it's not going to move it a ton, but it would be higher.
David Simon: Look, I think you see that in where the average base rent is going to, right? So that gives you -- that's why that number is still out there because we want people to see what's happening with our average base rent. That takes everything into account: renewals, extensions, new deals, et al. And that's why that number's still out there to be shown.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: And then when you think about The Mills platform and the benefits you've been able to do since you bought it, you do have a partner, and any time you have a partner rather than owning it, and a partner who's not going to be long-term owner of real estate, retail real estate like you are, it does set it up for -- you eventually have to pay for all the improvements that you did. And obviously, in a fair and negotiated way, I guess how does -- how will that venture eventually be resolved and sort of the timing of doing that? Do you envision buying it? Do you envision bringing in another partner for a very [ph] long stake? And how should we expect that to go?
David Simon: We'll, all fair questions, all good questions, but very difficult for me to answer, obviously, because of the confidential nature of our partnership. But I will say this. They've been a very good partner. They've been very supportive. They've been very excited about what we've done with the portfolio. They've been more than willing to reinvest in the assets. So the partnership couldn't be better. Are they a natural, long-term owner like we are? No, clearly. Will that resolve itself in a win-win at the right time? Very, very highly likely, but beyond that, Michael, is very, very tough for me to venture further.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: When you say the right time, is that next 12 months or should we be thinking 2 -- 3 to 5 years?
David Simon: I'd like your advice. What would you like? Tell me.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: I want the lowest possible price possible for the most accretion.
David Simon: Me, too.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: As soon as possible. Curious, last quarter, you gave me the bunny movie version of the Capital Shopping Centres and how that ended. Why don't you give me the same thing on the outlet center and all the other guys who are out there trying to develop, and how you think that's going to end at the end of the day with so much increased competition in the space?
David Simon: Well, look, I don't have a bunny reference today, but I will say this. There's a lot that can be spilt between the cup and the lip, right? So my view of it is this. Until somebody starts construction on whatever project that is full price redevelopment outlet, all we are is yammering. So we try to keep our yammering. We're not perfect. We yammer with the best of them. We try to have the lower yammering quotient. We try to be leaders in yammering. But in the meantime, until it starts construction, to me it's just a lot of talk.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: Hi, it's Quentin here. Just a question in terms of currency. You commented on additional potential offshore expansion. And just with the move in the U.S. dollar, I'm just curious how you think about investing offshore and whether you might change the way that you structure some of your potential offshore acquisitions?
David Simon: Well, look. I mean, the interesting thing is you've got a couple -- it's twofold. One is very tough to complicate or consider a major outside of the U.S. investment right now if you have to use your currency to buy something, right? So on the other hand, you could argue, "Well, if we're in a further decline, are we not better off having some of our assets outside the U.S.?" Now we have about 5% of our assets outside the U.S., so naturally, we get some marginal benefit on it. But for us to do a major thing outside of the U.S., unless there was the ability to use currency-dominated financing, and in some markets you're able to, in some you're not, it's a tall order right now given how weak the dollar is. So naturally, I think at the end of the day, when you factor it all in, it probably curtails our investment. I mean, our greatest advantage right now should be our cost of capital, but if we can't use that -- I mean, besides all the ability to make assets better and all that stuff. That's true. But if we can't export our cost of capital because the dollar is so weak, it's a challenge to do further major international expansions. Yes, we can build. We're building in Korea. We're building in Malaysia. We're looking at other Asian markets and actually building stuff, and making things happen there. But to do a major deal, we don't -- and if we can't finance it where we don't get the benefit of our cost of capital here and have to convert dollar investment into that currency, I mean -- and so you could make a real estate deal, but if the dollar does strengthen down the road, you could get whacked and lose your value. So it's a natural constraint that we've got to deal with.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: And I guess on the flip side with the currency, are you seeing more interest from offshore investors into some of your assets, maybe some of the weaker assets or potential for joint ventures? And does that give you some kind of opportunity to maybe sell more U.S. assets?
David Simon: Well, look. I definitely think there is a -- I wouldn't call them weaker assets, but there's clearly the trend from a number of the international institutional investors who have a tendency to gravitate toward the highest quality and the major metropolitan markets is clearly moving away from that, looking to want to be in the U.S. for all sorts of reasons, yield, one, maybe their view of the dollar ultimately, all sorts, safety, whatever it is that they factor in. And they are going down the quality spectrum to find investment opportunities. So I do think that seems to be a trend that will continue at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Just want to go to the topic of B malls. You guys are marketing some stuff. And it seems like every other retail company out there is marketing whether they'd call it Bs or non-core. How much of the stuff do you actually think will trade? And for the buyers, do you think the buyers will predominantly be financial buyers, or do you think that we'll see like real, real estate buyers.
David Simon: Well, I think it's too early to tell on what's going to happen out there that will trade and at what pricing. But I think, actually, you're going to see probably an entrepreneur with equity, either from opportunity funds or from other kind of institutional investors that are going to see the yield opportunity, one, maybe the ability to make the property better, two. And when they put it all together, compared to kind of where they are on buying A plus, they see that risk adjusted return worthy of taking that investment. I would say to you, though, if the market's better, the financing market's better -- the fact that we're selling 4 malls is not a big deal. I mean, we have sold 100 assets as we've been public. So this is kind of a normal strategy, Alex. We clearly stopped that effort in '08 and '09, and '10, certainly for a period of time, even though we did sell something in '10 at a huge gain for us in Europe. So we're always looking to recycle capital. It's not a transformational deal for like some of the others that might be out there. But long story short is we'll have to wait and see. It's going to be a combination of operators, maybe even others, some other real estate, major real estate companies. We're just going to have to wait and see how it shakes out.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Okay, so if I understand what you're saying, it sounds like you're a little less optimistic that there's going to be a lot trading. There'll be some trading, but it doesn't sound like you're expecting a huge amount. Is that fair?
David Simon: Well, I think the market's better, and I think trades will happen. I'm just not going to quote what I think cap rates are going to be because I honestly don't know yet. But I do think there's going to be more velocity in, you use the term, the B assets. I do think there'll be more velocity. I think it's too early to speculate from our standpoint where cap rates will be.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: And my second question is for Steve. I think it was last call, you commented on the pile of pitch books for converts that's in your office. Sort of curious what the latest pile is, and what are your thoughts on doing some more 30-year or if you have a view of the 30 non-call 5 [ph] if that's attractive to you?
Kevin Beeston: The piles are growing, Alex. The convert pile -- obviously, the capital markets are very robust right now. So unsecured debt markets are very attractive. And one of the things that we need to take into consideration is one of the things David said in his opening comment, we're sitting here with $4 billion of liquidity right now. So we certainly don't have the need to go to the capital markets. But having said that, given the attractiveness of the all in rate now, certainly on the bond side, it is something that we monitor and we will continue to monitor. Right now, I would tell you we are not as enthralled with the convert market, and I think it's not something that we would look at to put in the capitals back right now.
David Simon: And look, I would just say that -- just to add what Steve said, I mean, one of the bigger decisions we'll have to make this year is whether we want to warehouse capital, given that capital -- we don't need it necessarily, but it is relatively cheap. And we do think -- I mean, I think -- I may be completely wrong, but I do think rates are going to up at some point. And so one of the bigger decisions we'll have to make at some point this year is whether we go ahead and warehouse capital, not equity capital, but whether we warehouse other forms of capital on the theory that rates are going to go up at some point here. And that's a decision that we think about all the time. But it's tough because we haven't seen it, but usually you don't want to be in the case where we react. Real estate guys tend to react while rates are going up as opposed to when rates are low, and we'd like to be a little -- at least -- we don't have to be perfectly smart, but we'd like to be less stupid .
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Sounds like a good strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Isbee of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee: Just focusing on prime for a second. Clearly, you've had some good success leasing up some of the vacancy. Can you talk about some of your success there in terms of driving rents and perhaps put a number to that?
David Simon: Well, I know we won't put a number to it. But look, I think we feel really good about the deal we did obviously going in. We're glad to have David as an OP holder. He's been a great OP holder as well. And it's just been a good win-win deal for everybody involved. It's a good portfolio. We expect to do some good stuff with it. Nate, it's tough for me to give you numbers. I probably won't. I know I won't. But what, Rick, you want to add anything to it?
Richard Sokolov: The only thing I would say to you, Nate, is that what we've been able to do is as the new tenants enter the outlet sphere, we now have an additional portfolio of properties that they can immediately open stores in, and we're getting the benefit of that. And we see it with tenants that we've had relationships with, or like Coach is opening Coach Men. Bare Essentials, Vera Bradley. I mean, we're just taking these tenants now across a broader portfolio of properties, and that's really providing incremental momentum, both in rents, but also in sales. Because we're bringing in higher productivity tenants into the portfolio.
Kevin Beeston: And I -- just to reinforce what Rick said. I mean, the greatest opportunity there is to increase the mix, which drive sales. And obviously, that's the focus.
Nathan Isbee: What's the occupancy costs currently?
David Simon: We don't separate that out. But it wouldn't -- it's not all that different than what you'd see from the outlet sector.
Nathan Isbee: And then just quickly, in terms of your increased guidance. Can you just quantify the change in your same-store NOI assumption?
David Simon: Well, we didn't do it this year. We didn't give a NOI -- comp NOI in our original guidance, but right now, we expect to beat our own internal budget. It didn't answer your question.
Nathan Isbee: No.
David Simon: We didn't -- I'm sorry, I'm not purposely frustrating you, but...
Nathan Isbee: I was thinking the wedding was going to put you in a good mood.
David Simon: But we -- the fact is, we didn't give specific guidance there. We have our own internal budget, and we hope to beat our own internal budget.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Harris of Gleacher & Company.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Listen, I was listening -- reading your annual review, and on the international, I know you fielded a couple of questions on this today, but you make a reference to "We are proven to be valuable exporters of our know-how." I kind of read that and thought it was sort of a little imbalanced in the sense that I would've thought you would've learned a lot or could learn a lot from operating in overseas markets and taking best practices and exporting them around the globe. I'm thinking in particular to overseas tenants have really sort of enlivened the U.S. retail scene in the last few years as well. Any comments around that?
David Simon: Well, look, our know-how, if you look at what we built, I mean, the outlets that we build in Asia are essentially our outlets here in the U.S., and they didn't exist prior to that. I think if you saw the product that we built in Poland and the product that we built in France, were actually highly U.S. influenced. So we certainly -- we learn every day here, abroad and everything else. But I think that the fact of the matter is we've had a profound and positive impact on what we've done, and that's really what my comment was meant to be. If you look at Gotemba in Japan, it's really modeled after what we did in Woodberry. If you look at what we did in Yeoju in South Korea, it's very similar to what we did in other parts of the U.S. So I think we've -- in fact, if you go to Dubai and you look at what they built, I mean, they've taken the best of foreign shops and other malls in the U.S., and replicated that. So again, that's not to denigrate the international marketplace. And we've certainly seen a lot of wow stuff over there, but we certainly contributed to all of the activities we've done overseas.
Richard Sokolov: I think touching on the other side of your point, in terms of the international tenants coming in to our domestic portfolios, we've done a very good job of implementing them into our portfolio. We just opened the flagship H&M store forum shop. We're doing a lot of business with them and have a very close relationship with them. But it's not just them, it's Pampolina from Spain, Inglot from Poland, Diva from Australia, Aurecia [ph] from Canada. I mean, there is a lot of international tenants that we're doing business with across all 3 of our platforms. The Mills, the outlet centers and the malls.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: I'm curious, Rick, actually -- I'm curious, are there any ideas coming out of Asia? Because all of the international stuff seems to -- the fresh international ideas seem to be coming out of Europe. Is there anything out of Eurasian context?
Richard Sokolov: What we're anticipating is the UNIQLO is going to be a major player here, and they're building their flagship right on Fifth Avenue, and then we expect that we're going to have a similar type of expansion that we've seen with H&M. They started in the major cities and now they're throughout the country and growing very rapidly and doing very well in their stores.
David Simon: And you know, the thing that we understand about the Asians is that they love to come to the U.S. and shop. And so one of the great things that we provide them in their travels is the fact that we have great places to shop, so marketing to them is really, really important.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Okay. Just on Asia and thinking a bit more on Japan. I know you made your comments there. As we sit here today, would you be inclined to try and step up your investments in Japan notwithstanding those comments you had to make about currency?
David Simon: We have always -- we're actually expanding Ami right now, which is right now somewhat affected by what's going on in the -- with the nuclear facilities. But we have not looked at the full price market there. We've had great success in the outlet market. Cracking the code on full price in Asia has been a struggle for us. Values, the cost to develop full price there, the size of the deals, the ability to get the land in the right location. So that's been the tougher one -- that's been the tougher code for us to crack. We do think, though, our Outlet business in Asia can grow, and we're excited about that. Ultimately, can we crack the full price thing in Asia? I don't know yet, David. It's tough because first of all, it's not devoid of a lot of full price to begin with. And second, where you want the locations, the land cost, the infrastructure cost, and the competition are all challenges that we have to deal with.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Well, you may not want to respond to this but, I mean, surely your relationship with Mitsubishi Estates would be -- open a few doors for you on the full price, wouldn't it?
David Simon: They are good partners.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector of Merrill Lynch.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just want to follow-up on the comments about rates going up here at some time. I guess can you be a little bit more specific on your thoughts when you say "some time?"
David Simon: Well, I wish I knew.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch: At least what you're thinking.
David Simon: Well, look, I think our -- I think it's conceivable that -- how am I -- look, anything that we can refinance today, we're refinancing. We have certain mortgages that are obviously locked out to prepayment penalties, so we don't think it's cost -- you're trading dollars essentially, and it's not cost-effective to do that. But the big issue for us, if we do think rates are going to go up is whether or not we would do some kind of bond deal and warehouse the capital, because right now, we don't have -- if you remember what we did in '09 and '10 -- or in '10, I'm sorry, '10 essentially, is we bought -- we refinanced bonds and we bought them back and it ended up being, at least in today's world, an okay trade. So the question is whether we want to do something like that. Or we just hold on to the capital and wait for maturing debt to come do.
Kevin Beeston: Jeff, this Steve. Just to kind of amplify on David's comments. If you look at, as a gamble, where the benchmark 10-year treasury is today and you track it back over any length of time, whether it's 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, it's clearly at historically low levels and at levels where over a long period of time they have not been for a very large percentage of that measurement period. So I think any time you're in an environment where rates are at historically low levels, it does give you pause to reflect about do you want to go get more capital because history would tell you that the probability is those rates aren't going to be at that level forever. And I think David framed it pretty well. We've got a lot of liquidity. We don't have an immediate use for the capital. But if your view is that it may be more expensive down the road, it may make sense to go after that capital now.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I'm not sure if you'll answer this question then. Do you think that the market is properly pricing in higher rates when we think about today's current stock prices, thoughts on cap rates, the implied cap rate on the group?
David Simon: Well, I think the market's probably anticipating a recovery and a stable interest rate environment.
Kevin Beeston: Lack of yield in the rest of the world and there's a lot of...
David Simon: And I think -- look, I mean, I think the fact of the matter is that's been the reality. So our view is recovery, you're seeing a recovery, we've been at it for a few quarters now. Clearly interest-rate market's been very stable. At some point, that might change. I'm not so much worried about the recovery as opposed to the interest rate environment.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And turning to leasing, I know you said earlier today, on a public call, it's tough to answer questions. I guess can I just ask on -- in general, in your negotiations, are you focusing on sales the next 12 months or are you still negotiating on trailing 12?
Richard Sokolov: When we're negotiating with the tenants, it is a very individualized negotiation. We're looking at their growth in the last 6 months, but we're looking at the use, the space, the size of the space, the quality of the mall, the space in the mall. There's a lot of factors that go into how we price our rent and certainly sales growth is one of them, but it is not the only one.
David Simon: Yes, and I'd just say it's -- really, the biggest focus is the market value of that space, right? You could have a retailer in that space that's not performing, and I wouldn't want to tie the rent to that sales performance when in fact, the market value is higher or would indicate a higher rent. That -- leasing is an art like -- and certainly we try to make it as scientific as we can. We're leaders in data generation here in terms of all of the tools available to us to assess that. We assign market value for each space. We use it sometimes. We ignore it others. At the of the day, we have relationships to factor into it. So at the end of the day, we kind of all put it together, and the best thing going for us is our judgment. It's an art. It's not a science. It's not order taking. It's what does it do for the center, merchandise mix, where we want to take the center and all those factor in, certainly having positive sales history which is positive traffic all go into the blender and all make the job somewhat easier than it was a year or 2 ago. But it's all those things that factor into what's the right -- what we're trying to accomplish and what the right rent is.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then turning to international. We know David Contis has experience in Brazil. We just did a tour there. I mean, do you think that it's too late at this point? Do you think you missed the opportunity on full price in Brazil?
David Simon: Not necessarily. David, the research we've done, the biggest constraint that I see in Brazil is that -- the currency issue as opposed to the real estate issue and the cost of the financing there. So you don't get -- we wouldn't get any much if any advantage on our lower cost of capital here to put money to work. But I think that story on the real estate front doesn't seem to have changed at all. The problem is you really do have a dollar currency issue that makes it a little more challenging to conceptualize a transaction there.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then last question, where do you stand on '11 leasing? And what are some of your goals heading into ICSC?
Richard Sokolov: Well, '11 leasing is, for all intents and purposes, on our renewal is done. We're well into 2012. For us, frankly, ICSC is much less important. In fact, the month of April and the month of May prior to ICSC are our peak periods of tenants coming to Indianapolis to meet with us because the volume of activity we have, they'll come for 2 days in order to go over all the opportunities in the portfolio, whereas at ICSC, you're really limited to half an hour or hour sound bites. So we're doing a lot of leasing. We're focusing on our '12 renewals and leasing up the vacant space. And so far, we're seeing good momentum.
David Simon: And I'd say this, Jeff. The biggest focus that we'll have is on some of our major redevelopments. So included in that are like Nanuet Mall is a -- we are finally at the point now where we're going to start demolishing that center. We have Quaker Bridge, Del Amo, Dadeland, La Plaza, Plaza Carolina, Southdale, Southridge, Copley, what we're doing on the island, Laguna Hills, Stamford, we hope to push along a potential expansion of that center. So -- and then we've got some things in the outlet side as well, potential new projects that we could start talking about there. So that would be -- of the -- and Rick's right. I mean, '11 is essentially done, '12 lease renewals. But I'd say the focus really for us is going to be on the major redos that we've got, we're on the cusp of doing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carol Kemple of Hilliard Lyons.
Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons: What led to the decline in other income from the year-ago period?
Kevin Beeston: Yes, we had big lease settlement income in the first quarter of 2010, Carol.
Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons: Okay. And then this question's probably for Rick. Are you seeing any and new and exciting retail concepts coming to the malls?
David Simon: Okay, hold your breath.
Richard Sokolov: Thank you for asking. We are. And what's interesting is that they're coming from all different places. For example, we're doing deals with Fiat dealers because they're not opening their new dealerships. They're reintroducing the concept to the United States, and they want to be where the people are. We're signing leases with Tesla Motors, the new electric car maker, because they want to have their demonstrations where the people are. We're doing deals with Microsoft, the biggest Internet-based company. They need to open stores where the people are, and that's our malls. I could go on, but David will give me the hook. I'll stop when David gives me the hook. Well, Love Culture is growing very substantially. Francesca's has filed for a public offering, relatively new concept. Charming Charlie's, Pandora just went public. There is just a lot of activity going on in our portfolio, and happily, throughout the portfolio. These are not just concepts that want to be in the top hundred malls. These are concepts that have broader price points and want to have 400 to 800 stores in their ultimate build-out. So it's very exciting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Yang of Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Just one quick one for me. Maybe David, do you have any thoughts on potentially teaming up with a partner to do outlet center development in Canada? Maybe starting in Toronto, just a few miles away from another potential site? Just curious if you had any discussions with Callaway to potentially start a partnership there?
David Simon: Well, we are looking into Canada, Ben. I can't say other -- I can't really put any more meat on the bones there. We do think it's a pretty good market for a handful of centers, but I can't really say anything more than that. But we are looking into that marketplace.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I mean, hypothetically, if you were to form some type of partnership, do you envision yourself as just maybe like a capital partner or would there be some type of development, management leasing that you would share with your hypothetical partner?
David Simon: Well, if we did a venture in the -- I mean, this goes for any outlet venture, whether it's U.S., Canada, Mexico, Malaysia, Japan, Singapore, China, we would definitely add operational expertise. We would not just -- it just wouldn't be our capital. So that's kind of a -- that's it. That clearly would be the case.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Jefferies & Company.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Quick question, when I look closely at results for the quarter, I mean, you guys beat consensus roughly by about $0.08. The midpoint of your new guidance is up about $0.08 versus your old guidance. But it sounds like operationally, things are getting better, leasing spreads are getting better, leasing velocity is getting better. I'm just surprised guidance wasn't up more. Is there anything unique in the first quarter in regards to the $0.08 beat that you expect will not be repeated in the back half of the year?
David Simon: Not really. You know what, we're a little cautious on Japan. We have a very robust international Outlet business. Some people forget about it, but it's not inconsequential. It's a great business. So we're being somewhat conservative on what the outcome of that is. It's sales dependent. And we just don't have enough history yet on what's happening there. The south is actually pretty good at Japan. Sales have bounced back pretty reasonably. But we just don't know, and we like to be generally conservative in setting expectations. So you put that together, we still have to execute our game plan. We're good, but we're not infallible. So you put it all together, and it's where guidance came out.
Operator: With no further questions at this time, I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Simon for closing remarks.
David Simon: Okay, thanks, everybody, for your time and your interest, and we look forward to talking to you in the near future.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. Now disconnect, and have a good day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Shelly Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David Simon - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Nathan Isbee James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons Alexander Goldfarb - UBS Andrew Fenton - Cliffwood Partners Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co Cedric Lachance - Green Street Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research Equities David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2010 Simon Property Group Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lacey, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Shelly Doran: Welcome to Simon Property Group's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that statements made during this call that are not historical may be deemed forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties.  Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe it's important to note that today's call includes time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of today's date, February 4, 2011. During today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC's Regulation G.  Reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the earnings release or the company's supplemental information package that was included in this morning's Form 8-K. This package is also available on the Simon website, in the Investors section under Financial Information, Quarterly Supplemental Packages. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David Simon: Okay, thanks. Good morning, everybody. We'll go through some highlights and then open it up for Q&A. First of all, FFO as adjusted without the impact of our non-cash impairment charge in the fourth quarter increased 8.4% from the fourth quarter one year ago, which was $1.66 to $1.80 per share. We reported FFO of $1.78 per diluted share for the quarter, which exceeded the first call consensus estimate by $0.04, and I'm pleased with this performance, which was accomplished despite the following fourth quarter items.  We recognized transaction expenses of $6.4 million or $0.02 per share. We recorded an impairment charge of $8.2 million or $0.02 per share for an investment and a development project in Italy that opened in November of '07. And Opry Mills remains closed after the flood in 2010. The negative impact to FFO for the quarter from Opry Mills was approximately $6.4 million or $0.02 per share and this loss will continue for the balance of 2011 for a loss of approximately $0.05 for the total of the year until we rebuild the center.  FFO, as adjusted for the year, was $6.03 per share as compared to $6.01 in 2009. We declared a quarterly dividend of $0.80 per share, which was 33% higher than the dividend at this time last year.  I'll talk about NOI now. Malls and Premium together which contribute approximately 90% of our domestic NOI, comparable sales, and I should say that these statistics do not include Prime Outlets to give you a sense of comparability. Comparable sales on a rolling 12-month basis were $494 per square foot, up 9.3% as it compared to $452 per square foot at '09 year end. Occupancy at year-end 12/31/10 was 94.2%, which sequentially was 60 basis points higher than 9/30 and 80 basis points higher than a year ago. At year end, the releasing spread for 12 months was a positive $1.15 per square foot. We continue to see gradual improvement in deal flow and in the pricing of our space.  On a same-space basis, our 2010 releasing spread was a positive $2.71 per square foot. Comparable property net operating income growth was 3.4% for the quarter, 2.9% for the year. And recall last year, we had a positive roughly 1% growth. So we had growth on top of comparable NOI growth. Drivers of the increase in the NOI for the fourth quarter were higher occupancy and higher sales. Our operating profit margin is 150 basis points improvement to 70.6%, which we continue to believe is the top of the industry.  Just want to give you a quick update on Prime. We closed on August 30. Operations in back-office functions have been successfully integrated. The rebranding of the centers to Prime Outlet's name is complete, and the portfolio has continued to perform better than we expected.  Occupancy for the properties was 95.4% at year end versus 94.7% at 9/30. Sales were $423 per square foot at 12/31 versus $406 per square foot at 9/30. Capital markets, quickly, we closed in the fourth quarter four new mortgages totaling $662 million at a weighted average rate of 4.47% and a weighted average term of 9 1/2 years.  December 31, we had approximately $1.1 billion of cash on hand including our share of joint venture cash. Our availability on our corporate credit facility was $3 billion for a total liquidity position of approximately $4.1 billion. We successfully and profitably deployed $3.2 billion of cash in 2010 to grow our business through acquisitions, redevelopment and new development, and strengthen our balance sheet by deleveraging and lengthening maturities. Development, quickly, again, we completed expansions at South Shore Plaza, the domain Houston Premium Outlets. And Toki Premium Outlets started construction on new Premium Outlets in Merrimack, New Hampshire, South Korea and Malaysia, and opened two shopping centers in Italy. In addition, we completed more than 35 anchor/big-box replacements, all in 2010. And we have been very successful on our efforts to re-tenant department store and big-box spaces and have 30 new approved anchor or big-box stores with openings scheduled in 2011 and 2012. Construction has or will commence in 2011 on six significant redevelopment projects, including Fashion Mall at Keystone in Indianapolis; Las Vegas Premium Outlets, South Pheasant Lane Mall, Southdale Center, Southridge Mall and the University Mall in Pensacola.  We have also reinstated our modernization program and have projects planned at up to 18 malls over the next two years. During 2011, projects will be completed at Coddingtown Mall, Fashion Valley, Great Lakes Mall, Orland Square and Plaza Carolina.  Our 2011 budgeted capital spend on new development, redevelopment and modernization projects in the U.S. and abroad is approximately $500 million. Details on cost returns and timing of the projects, of course, are provided thoroughly in our 8-K reporting package.  Guidance. Let me just talk about that for a second. We provided 2011 FFO guidance of $6.45 to $6.60 per share. At the midpoint of the range, this would represent growth of approximately $0.50 per share or over $175 million of additional FFO in 2011 as compared to 2010 FFO as adjusted. I know we are characterized as being conservative from time to time, but to put that number in perspective, well over half of the public REITs in the U.S. generate less than $175 million of FFO on an annual basis. So one year of growth, and we are beating that number.  So I'd also like to point out we expect 2011 to result in an all-time high for SPG in terms of its earnings. And given all the capital raising and balance sheet activity that was completed in our industry over the last couple years, I believe that we are one of the few REITs that can make that statement.  Before I open it up for Q&A, I'd like to just add a few concluding comments and just give you the following thoughts. First of all, some of you have mentioned concern about our ability to continue to grow in light of our current size and certain transactional outcomes. Let me emphasize, we are not concerned. No one in our industry has done a better job of growing their business than we have through good and bad economic cycles. And I don't expect that to change. We are aggressive in our pursuit of opportunities to profitably grow our business. Our financial strength affords us the luxury of pursuing transactions that most of our competitors cannot even contemplate.  And we will continue to pursue opportunities that could enhance our franchise. We've also demonstrated discipline. When the opportunity ceases to make sense for us, we can and will walk away. We have been excellent stewards of shareholders' capital, having successfully completed $28 billion of acquisitions since our IPO in 1993. And during that period of time, we've delivered, on average, an 18.4% return to our shareholders. In addition, let us not forget that we did close on a $2.3 billion acquisition of an Outlet portfolio just five months ago, the largest real estate transaction completed in 2009 and '10.  Speaking of the Outlet business, there's been some market chatter that we should spin this business off or somehow break up the company. And let me just give you these following thoughts. The multiple platforms of our business are very synergistic, as they enhance tenant relationships, result in cross-fertilization of tenants and lead to the best use of development land among other things. I think this is best illustrated by sharing some numbers from our Outlet business pre and post the Chelsea transaction acquisition.  In 2004, as we will recall, as a stand-alone public company, Chelsea was very well regarded by the Street and considered a best-in-class performer. In the five years prior to our acquisition, Chelsea delivered an average comp NOI growth of 5% per year, average growth in base rent of 2% per year and positive releasing spreads of 13% per year. All of this was done with a corporate overhead spend of approximately over $50 million. We have now owned the portfolio for six years. And during that period of time, comp NOI growth has accelerated to 7 1/2% annually. Average base rent growth has grown 8% annually, and releasing spreads have averaged a positive 32% annually.  We've developed 11 new Premium Outlets in the U.S. and abroad and expanded several more. We have introduced many new retailers to the outlet sector. We have increased sales at the center by enhancing the actual product, physical product and the tenant mix. Gross EBITDA of the portfolio has grown a factor of 2.7x since the acquisition, frankly, a remarkable feat in the real estate industry. And our Outlet business overhead, about half of what it was six years ago. The value creation from Chelsea acquisition speaks for itself. And this is attributable to the management expertise we brought to the business, as well as the resultant synergies in income and cost savings that we brought to the platform.  And let us not forget that our regional malls delivered sector-leading NOI growth during this period of time. With the addition of Prime, we expect our Outlet business to continue to grow and be synergistic with our other platforms. As we have said in the past, we consider ourselves a retail real estate company and not just a mall company. We have articulated a well-developed and thoughtful strategy 17 years ago, when we went public, to own highly productive, high quality assets all along the retail real estate spectrum. We have stayed true to that strategy, and it's continued to serve us and it will continue to serve us well.  And finally, I'd just like to say we are more than happy to stack our record up as a public company against anyone, and we're very excited about our prospects for 2011 and beyond. And with that said, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: It's Michael Bilerman here with Quentin. David, I want to go on just on those comments about being a retail real estate company. I can remember back to that initial merger call that you had on the Chelsea deal, and I think you billed yourself at that point that was the first time, of saying, we're a retail real estate company. And I think it came up on that call of how do you view the Shopping Center business, which you have a few billion dollars in the company today. But how do you sort of see that fitting in with more limited opportunities on the Mall side, at least domestically, and already fully consolidated in the Outlet business, how does that next leg either grow or contract within the overall scheme?
David Simon: Well, interesting question in that -- it has not been a growth business for us. But there is benefits to being in that business, because there's still a significant amount of cross-fertilization with the retail community. So in that sense, it's important to have a leg in that business. Additionally, the vast majority of those centers are in right near malls, adjacent to the malls that we own and/or in markets that we have a strong presence in, like Orlando or Austin or down on the border of Texas. So we still consider it to be synergistic. We've never been that excited about growing it through acquisition. I don't think that's going to change other than there maybe a couple here and there, because of our -- the regional fit with a center might make sense. And we also view ultimately it does provide us some optionality if we ever wanted to grow that business beyond what it is today. Rick, I think you can add anything, if you'd like?
Richard Sokolov: The only thing that I would add is that we have certainly been opportunistic in that business and built a number of shopping centers that were incorporated into other projects we've done. And that's another important reason to keep that expertise within our platform, so we can take advantage of whatever development opportunities present themselves.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: And I think David, the comments about the spinning off the Outlet business. I think when people look at your multiple and your multiple is below that of shopping centers and the lone outlet company that's there, and you're trading in line with the regional mall peers, there seems to be a sum-of-the-parts value that was not being captured in your valuation?
David Simon: Well, look, all we can do is continue to do what we do. I think if anybody should be given the benefit of the doubt, it's us. I mean, the numbers that we were able to produce with the Outlet business as part of our franchise are unprecedented in real estate. And what can I tell you, we'll continue to do what we do. But I don't see that business stand alone being able to produce the results that it can as part of our company.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Just one last thing on Capital Shopping Centres; after the vote, I think CEO David Fischel was quoted in the press as saying he was glad that the distraction is over, referring to Simon. So I guess even though he got a better deal for his shareholders, it didn't matter. As you, as a shareholder now or still, can you just comment about what you're going to do with your stake?
David Simon: One of my friends in the industry sent me a bunny -- have you ever seen these bunny movies? They're basically done by a little animated bunnies, but they take a movie and do it in 30 seconds. So I wrote some notes about CSC that I thought I would just share, because it was the lot of press, and with the takeover panel rules, you can't really talk to the press and the analytic community about it. So if I could, I'd like to just address it in totality. And this will be, hopefully, I can do it in 30 seconds. But you can go on YouTube and do Bunny movies and pick your favorite movie and you could probably watch it in 30 seconds. In any event, and that's not paid advertising, by the way. I have no idea who does Bunny movies. But let me give you my 30-second summary of CSC. First of all, we've been a supportive passive shareholder for three years, despite their underperformance. We always considered our stake as an option, if and when they decided to sell. The Trafford sale, we thought, had two problems, price and structure, in terms of issuing shares at a discount, which handed control to Whittaker. We asked them to restructure the deal. They wouldn't, despite the market's poor reaction to the deal. Based on our view that they were handing control to Whittaker, we decided to make an indicative offer that was subject to due diligence. We would have never bought the company without due diligence. Management refused to provide due diligence regardless of whatever take-out price we would have come up with, which reinforced our view that they were completely entrenched. They responded with a restructure of the Trafford deal, which we forced, put out a ridiculous, indicative value range, further demonstrating management's focus on entrenchment. The CEO and the press said that we were a nuisance, even though our presence forced a better deal with Trafford and benefited their shareholders. The Chairman said that the shareholders are one of many things they consider as fiduciaries, but not at the top of the list. We never made a firm bid. The company relied on South Africa's shareholder base, which has many different agendas, given they're wanting exposure outside of South Africa. And we're looking forward to them reaching their indicative value of 625p. It sounded like more than 30 seconds. But in a nutshell, that's our view of CSC.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: So you sold your share or you kept your share?
David Simon: We continue to own our shares, at this point.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just in terms of occupancy cost ratios, obviously, some of your peers have had a big focus on where their occupancy cost ratio is and how much upside or otherwise is in their portfolios. So can you give us, and breakout the Mall and the Outlet occupancy cost ratios for the year-end December 2010?
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: We have them, but we don't break out those statistics. And Rick is pointing to me the number for the combined portfolio is 12.9% at year-end 2010. And year-end '09, it was 14.1%.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Paul Morgan with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: On the guidance, I mean, can you give any more kind of details because I'm thinking about kind of where you might think same store NOI or lease spreads and occupancy evolving over the course of the year?
David Simon: Well, I think it's our nature to, obviously, the Milton Cooper view of the world is certainly our view. I would say that. Second, the comp NOI growth that we are looking toward this year is comparable to what we had in '10. We do have this $0.05 problem with Opry Mills. So it's not a huge thing. It's a temporary thing. We do expect to rebuild that center and get it, not for '11 though, we hope to get it done by early '12. Look, in '10, we had some benefits of bad debt expense and so on. But I think we're looking for a similar number.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Because on the lease spreads, if I look at your, I guess, with Mall and kind of Chelsea expiring ramps at $33 this year versus what looked like kind of $38.50 last year. Is there anything that, or not -- is there any reason I shouldn't believe that your spreads are going to go up? Or is there some non-comparability of kind of the type of space that is expiring in '11 versus '10?
David Simon: No, I think we're moving in trajectory for '11, I think, in the right direction above spreads. So I don't think there's anything unusual there.
Stephen Sterrett: Paul, this is Steve. I just have a couple of comments. David mentioned bad debt. We had literally no bad debt experience or bad debt expense in '10 for a company with $4 billion of consolidated revenue. I wouldn't expect that to recur in '11. I also think we have, David had mentioned in the call text, we improved our margin 150 basis points this year on top of an improvement last year. Some of that was done at the operating expense line for sure. And I don't think that level of savings at the operating expense line is going to recur in '11. And then the last thing Id mention, while it's not part of the comp NOI, if you look at the other income schedule in the 8-K, we had a lot of lease settlement income in 2010. And we're just not planning for that to recur in '11. We're looking at a more historical level.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: My other question is just maybe for Rick. As you're talking to retailers about 2011, I mean, how often and to what extent is their concerns about margin compression coming up in rent negotiations? I mean, do you see this being -- how much of a headwind do you see this being, as that starts to bite later in the year?
Richard Sokolov: The rent negotiations with retailers haven't changed in 30 years. They're going to seize upon whatever facts are currently out there to argue for lower rent, and we're going to seize on whatever facts we can to argue for higher rents. And right now, we're still seeing firming demand. There is very little new development to the extent that the retailers are looking to grow, and an increasing number of them are. Given their cash flow generation and the profits, we're going to hopefully have an ability to increase our rents as our occupancy moves up. But that is certainly something they are focused on and, legitimately so, its out there.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: So you think it's just kind of too early to get a feel for how it might play out.
Richard Sokolov: Yes, I believe that they're going to have to deal with that on their cost of goods sold side of their margin, and we're going to be looking to increase our rents in line with how our sales have gone up.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Christy McElroy with UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: I'm on the line with Ross [Nussbaum] as well. We've seen a few more department store closings and floor plate reductions in the last six months or so. And then with the changes at JCPenney and Dillard's, you have investors speculating about monetization of real estate in the department store space again. What would you say your appetite is for getting space back today, just sort of generally speaking? I know every situation is different. And can you provide sort of your general thoughts about department store consolidation and expansion over the next few years?
Richard Sokolov: Let me unpack it. One, as David mentioned in his comments, the demand for our anchor and big-box spaces is accelerating. If you look in our 8-K, we've listed all that we've added. We had a very robust program in '10. We've shown you in the 8-K those that are currently totally nailed down for '11. We have almost double that amount in the pipeline. And when were -- if we get spaces back, we're going to be in a position to bring in a number of retailers, and we've demonstrated a pretty broad array, including Bed Bath, Best Buy, Target, Kohls, theaters, health clubs. There's a lot of demand for space. Again, there's not a lot of new development. I don't know that I would agree with your categorization of growing department store closures, because if you look at the announcements, Macy's, on their entire fleet, I think, announced three; Penney announced six, and these are minimal closures and very much reduced from the percentages of store fleet that we were looking at several years ago. So we really don't see that coming down the pike. And the last thing I would tell you is historically, we have done a very good job of redeploying the department store space that we've gotten back from companies like Mervyns and the May-Macy's consolidation, Lord & Taylor, Parisian and we make them better.
David Simon: I just would add that I don't think there's any market at all that -- where a self-managed -- I have no inside knowledge of this, obviously, but I don't think there's any market at all about a self-managed, one-tenant REIT that's going to go access the public markets. I don't see that happening.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: And then, just Rick, following up in your comments with regard to the $500 million of spending that you're projecting in 2011 on development and redevelopment expansions, what kind of returns are you underwriting?
Richard Sokolov: We're hoping that we're going to get in the low double-digit, high-single digit over all that.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: David, when you think about external growth opportunities, how much more closer are you going to be looking at the JVs within your existing portfolio and buying out potential partners? That would seem like a easy potential avenue of growth for you.
David Simon: It can and has been historically. And it's a function of price and value, and we did some of that last year. Ross, as you know, Houston and, unfortunately, Opry, it's a little unlucky with Opry. And the Great Mall of Bay Area, which is a very good asset. So I do think there's opportunities there with time and it wouldn't surprise me.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: Why, if I understood this correctly, why isn't there business interruption insurance at Opry?
David Simon: There is, but we're in the middle of a dispute with the insurance company, but we took a conservative approach to it.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: And then finally your Italy JV debt is coming due later this year. What's the game plan there?
David Simon: Well, we've got enough equity value in coverages; we'll likely just simply refinance it.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: David or Rick, could you touch on the leasing spreads again? I know you've seen the rebound in tenant sales. But do we need to see the retailers expanding again to really drive the spreads? Or can you comment a bit on it? Do you think it's sales alone that can drive higher rents?
David Simon: It should, ultimately. I think, again, it gets to a little bit of the property type where the demand is. But certainly, sales moving in the right direction help; the demand at the better properties is, obviously, fueling that. And hopefully, with the economic stability that seems to be in the system, I think the more moderate centers will have the ability to flatten the rent. And when we did, there's no question we had a handful of centers that actually had negative rollovers due to the economic scenario. And we're starting to see a little bit more stability in that lower group of centers. And that will be important because that does have some impact on our spreads.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: And then you mentioned, obviously, the firming economy, but if you think about external growth, do you rethink U.S. strategy versus looking internationally?
David Simon: Well, I think we've got a lot to do in the U.S. this year. We're very excited about all that's going on with the properties in terms of redeveloping them, transforming a number of them. We are really busting hump on that effort. So I'm very pleased with that effort, and we're making tremendous inroads. I mean, a couple that, frankly, a year ago, I didn't think we had a shot at doing, we're going to start this year. A couple of them are The Mills malls, which includes Southdale and Southridge. So I think the effort is, really, I've been really happy that we're really humping on that front. So we've got plenty of to do there. And Jay, and the bottom line is we'll always look both domestically and internationally. Externally, we don't need to do anything to do a deal for a deal's sake. There's no one that's done more deals than us. Yes, we haven't always gotten the deal, but sometimes we didn't get it because we didn't want to pay more, and sometimes, we didn't get it because we were dealing with entrenched team, and we didn't think it was worth a scorched-earth tactic to try and get it. We felt, well, fine, if that's what you want, we'll move on. There's nothing that can keep us from growing. We don't have to do deals. We've got plenty of properties here to make better, and we're very focused on doing that.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: And then just in terms of dispositions, I know it was asked earlier about shopping centers, but as you think about some of your B malls, do you see pricing as attractive and, I guess, given the capital that's out there today?
David Simon: Well, I don't think it's come yet, but it seems to be maybe around the corner that some of those assets, some of that market might be there. So I think '11 will be a developing year in that area. I think, like many of our peer, I'm sure there's going to be a focus on narrowing the focus a little bit by culling the property portfolio. We'll participate in that, but we want to see a little bit more firming of values in that category. And not yet, but it seems to be headed in that direction.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: And just finally, on The Gap, I know there's a new executive. Do you see any shift in strategy? And, I guess, what sort of conversations have you had thus far?
Richard Sokolov: We have constantly monitored their performance for a very long period of time. They have been a net loser of square footage in closing underperforming stores. It's obviously a big relationship, one that we are incredibly focused on, at David and my level, and spend a great deal of time on it. We obviously hope for them to be as productive and as good a retailer as they can be, because that only helps our properties.
David Simon: And look, all I can tell you is that their outlet business has been extremely strong. So with the new executive running The Gap, I think that's obviously a positive, at least based on what we've seen out of the Outlet business.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: In your supplemental, it mentioned that two centers are being de-malled, could you describe those efforts?
David Simon: Sure, one is University Mall in Pensacola. We're basically going to create a box environment with Sears and Penney as our lead anchors, continuing to be our lead anchors there. The other one is in Nanuet, where again, we will be de-malling that and bringing in more the -- kind of the higher-end retailers. Still, we'll be anchored by Macy's and Sears. We would hope to bring a high-end food provider, a supermarket, essentially, and some of the better specialty tenants.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: And do you have a sense of what the returns might be on that de-malling process?
David Simon: They'll both be double-digits. I mean, both of these are basically producing negative or de minimis cash flow right now. So if we look at the incremental investment based upon and the return now, I think they'll both be double digits.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then I had a question, if you had any feedback from your Blackberry and iPhone apps for the malls and where you might be going with that program?
Stephen Sterrett: The feedback has been encouraging. Obviously, they're relatively new. But that certainly is a very significant focus and highlights one of the remarks David made in his initial comment. We are a uniquely positioned to be able to dedicate both the human and the financial resources to be sector-leading in this. But I think we have done so historically and we are committed to do so in the future. Its a highly important component of how we manage, market and maintain our properties, and we're going to be devoting increasing time and money to introducing even more programs in that regard.
David Simon: And I would just say the people that do follow us on the social media side are our best customers. They really like the fact that we're able to talk to them about promotions and offerings from the retailers, and it's really influencing some behavior. So this whole area, basically, our vision here, just like we had the vision of being a retail real estate company, our envision with the mall, is to really turn it into a smart box. One where technology can enhance the shopping experience, create more efficiency out of it. And I think we're just on the cusp of that. We're working with a number of retailers that see the same vision that we do, obviously, trying to put all of the retailers on the same platform. If you think about the mall, in a sense, what makes the mall great; it's all the retailers together in one platform. In that case, it's the physical. We really want to move the mall environment, from a technology point of view, on that same platform, as customers interface with what's going on in the mall. And it's going to take time, but I think if we can show that value to the retailer, then by creating that platform, it's going to enhance the shopping experience for the consumer. And that's what we're after, for sure.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes, I guess I was also interested, because I read that 6x the amount of Internet sales were purchases that were influenced by the Internet, but still done at bricks and mortar.
David Simon: There's an undeniable link, I think the movement toward from your desktop to mobile is a great opportunity for the physical-based environment to take that mobile and enhance when they're walking the physical or adjacent or near the physical environment. So the fact that they've gone mobile and move toward mobile, if we can bridge that to the physical world, I think it's got a lot of benefits for us. As an industry, it's not just us, but we're going to be pushing it hard.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Alex Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Just circling back to capital for a minute. Just to help us, sort of domestic folks here, can you give us a sense of what the British and the South African shareholders were saying? Were they more, like as you would talk to them, were they more NAV-focused or the equivalent rent that mark-to-market focus? Or was it more a sense of if we sell this, we're not sure where were going to reinvest the proceeds, and therefore, we'd rather just hang on to capital rather than having to deal with trying reinvesting? What were the big pieces?
David Simon: Well, I think you got to really -- the U.K. shareholders were very similar to what that I would say the U.S. shareholders look to. So there wasn't a great difference there. And we, again, I mean, our feedback from the U.K. shareholders was they were disappointed that the company wouldn't give us due diligence to decide whether or not we wanted to make a firm offer. And I think the U.K. shareholders have a very similar mindset to the U.S. shareholders. And they viewed the Trafford deal, in many respects, as a change of control, and they wanted to look at their financial options. The South African shareholders essentially started that way, but they were also highly influenced that there is a exemption that they get by owning Capital Shopping Centres. It's exempted from the limitation that they have in terms of being able to make investments outside of South Africa. So there was some of that. On the other hand, some were more clinical. Their mood ebbed and flowed. But clearly, having exposure outside of South Africa was important to a number of them.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: And then just moving to the Great White North. If you guys were --
David Simon: You mean Indianapolis?
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Exactly, well, we certainly have our fair share of snow here. As far as Canada, obviously, Kimco entered there a while back, and obviously, there's been another announcement more recently. What do you think the challenges of entering that market? Or why you think we haven't seen more U.S. retail REITs head up there? Is it just the returns? Is it trying to get land? Is it maybe something in the leasing environment that it's a little bit different than here? What are the challenges for up there?
David Simon: Look, I think, frankly, a number of retail REITs were just focused, the last couple of years have not been easy, right? So I think it's more of that. I think the Canadian market certainly has developed more. It's more of an interest to our U.S. -based retailers than it's used to be, but it's not huge. I mean, it's not pervasive. It's not every U.S. retailers up there, but it's growing and growing. And so I think it's just other priorities, Alex, primarily. I think demand has improved. And then ultimately, I would just say, just from our perspective, because we reviewed the market for on and off for a number of years, finding the right site at the right value is not overly easy. And you want to start, if you're going to do it, you want to start in Toronto, essentially, would be the best place to start. It's just not a lot of great sites at appropriate values to justify it. But it's, long term, I think it's a good market for potentially future retail development, including outlets.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: So as far as returns though, would you underwrite Canada to be the, is it the same returns as U.S. ? Is it lower returns? Is it higher returns that you would want to see?
David Simon: I think land value there will be more expensive than land value here in the cities that you would want to build outlets in, and rents may be able to offset that. So you may end up with similar returns.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Macquarie.
Ki Bin Kim - Macquarie Research Equities: So I just had a couple of questions regarding your leasing strategy. So in light of pending sales per square foot increasing towards 500 and in conjunction, had low occupancy costs, can you give us a sense of how quickly can the occupancy cost go back to historical levels? And when you're sitting down with a tenant and during leasing negotiations, do you typically sign or have in the mindset to sign a rent that is like 15% occupancy costs? Or do you actually embed any future growth in tenant sales?
Richard Sokolov: Let me just answer the first question. Obviously, we would very much hope that they are going to continue to move up, but we have a very nice problem in that our sales are growing at 9.4% a year. Don't forget, we only roll a certain percentage of space every year. So it takes some time to make up that ground when you have good sales growth. In terms of our negotiation. Every negotiation we have is driven by what's the quality of the mall? What's the type of tenant use? And what is the quality of the space within that mall? And those three things drive how we price our space, and we are constantly trying to get the appropriate market rent. When tenants complain to us that our rents are too high, we point out that we don't set the market, the tenants do. And if you look at our occupancy, obviously, there are people that still believe they can make a lot of money at the rents we're charging, or we're going to constantly keep pushing that rent. And the other point I want to make because David emphasized it, all the capital we're spending in our portfolio, renovating properties, modernizing them, adding anchors, adding department stores, expanding them, are only making our properties more valuable to the retailer, because they're increasing the total sales we have and the productivity of all the other tenants. So not only do we get the returns that David talked about, but we get the incremental benefit of having a much better shopping environment going forward, as we go to re-lease space rolling over there.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: And if I can follow up still, in your same store leasing stats, you mentioned that the uptick in leasing rent per square foot is $2.71 in the same space. What is that in a percentage term? And last question, is your guidance for 2011 lowered by the impairment charges youre -- that you expect in Opry?
David Simon: It is lowered. It's not impairment. Its basically were -- it's really we're incurring interest expense with no income. So we have no cash flow right now at Opry Mills. So it's not an impairment charge. It's actually a negative cash flow drain until we rebuild it. I'm not sure how much of the same -- what percent of our leasing spread or leasing data is just same space. Is that what you're asking?
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: I think in your opening comments, you mentioned that the leasing spreads on the positive, it was positive $2.71 or so. It's all for the same space. I was just wondering what that means in a percentage term.
David Simon: Same space is actually literally this space. A lot happens in malls, where you, our spreads, as we traditionally have done, it is just ending versus new in totality. We try to narrow it down. I don't know if we have the exact percent of what same space is, but we certainly can get that to you, as I don't have that in front of me.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Can you disclose what the tenant sales per square foot was in the quarter, not in 2010? Not the average for the year, but for the quarter.
Stephen Sterrett: Quarter-over-quarter, the sequential growth in the fourth quarter; it was 9%.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Harris with Gleacher & Company.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: $500,000,000 of redevelopment is a pretty small beer on a company with a $60 billion gross asset base. Any comment there as to where you're going in the next few years?
David Simon: Well, that's what makes us unique, is we still care about $500,000,000. Look, again, remember just take it a step back, having lived through '08, '09 and a good chunk of '10. We just have geared up on this. And so to create the deals that we're actually going to be able to spend that money, when it takes some time to get that going, is not a small feat. And as Rick said, it is going to produce incremental NOI growth. It's not insignificant. So in the scheme of things, it may not seem like a big percent of our total asset base, but it is extremely cash flow positive, plus all the other residual benefits of making a property better in the long run is very, very important. And I would hope that with time, we could crank this up. But it's a very, very good, solid start to having essentially just rejuvenated this program in kind of mid to -- really in the early spring of '10. So it's a good start. What the number is, I think it's going to be up to how creative we'll be. And I can't pinpoint it, other than we've got a lot on the drawing board that we're hopeful about, and I think we'll just see where it takes us.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Is it typically a sort of 12-month lead in for this sort of stuff?
David Simon: It does, especially if you're trying to secure anchor involvement in it. And entitlements are not, they're not easy to get, even in today's environment.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: I've got a question for Rick. I looked at the TIs, Rick, in the 8-K and compared them to where they were for the 12 months ending December '09. It looked like there was a pretty sharp increase. Is there something going on in terms of the leasing or where were at today? It's had a fairly good run rate.
Richard Sokolov: Well, we, frankly, the most important happy fact is that we've leased dramatically more square footage. And as we are doing more and more deals, we're spending a little more and more allowance. But when you look at that number, it is, on a per-square-foot basis, pretty consistent.
Stephen Sterrett: This is Steve. The only thing I'd say that might tweak that a little bit, and Rick and David both alluded to it earlier, we're doing a ton of box activity, where over the last couple years, there had not been as much. So that may influence it some, as well. But I think Rick's right. If you just think about the ordinary regular seven- to 10-year lease, the economics of that in terms of what the tenant allowance is hasn't really changed.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: And the boxes, Steve, is it higher or lower?
Stephen Sterrett: It's probably lower on a per-square-foot basis. But dollar amounts, because they're bigger spaces, it's more money.
David Simon: And if you look, I think Steve's 100% on. If you look at probably '09 box activities and '10, you'll see the dramatic uptick.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: One final question for you, Steve. A nice bond trade in '10, any chances of replicating that, as we look in to '11 and the refinancing market?
Stephen Sterrett: Well, I think, David, I would say this, I hope so. But if you recall, by virtue of the two tenders that we did in '10, we significantly cleaned out our bond maturities in '11 and '12. And in fact, we've got under $400 million a year coming in each of those two years. So we can be very opportunistic. We certainly are looking at the market. We're paying attention to it. But the activity that we'll do in the bond market in 2011, if any, will be opportunistic.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Run a slide rule over converts at all?
David Simon: I dont see it right now.
Stephen Sterrett: I confess it may be the single largest file I have in my office, because of all the banking brethren sending us proposals, but I don't see it right now.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Carol Kemple with Hilliard Lyons.
Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons: I was just curious, why did other income fall year-over-year?
Stephen Sterrett: Well, you had a couple of things. You're talking about it looking at '10 as opposed to '09? And are you looking at '09 to '10, are you looking it on a full-year basis?
Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons: Quarterly on the income statement.
Stephen Sterrett: Quarterly on the income statement, it was lease termination income in the fourth quarter of '09.
Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons: And then what retailers are wanting more space at this point?
Richard Sokolov: Well, the ones that are particularly active now are like Love Culture, Gymboree is rolling out, Crazy 8, ENCORE Shoes, Pandora. We're doing a lot of business with Sperry and Stride Rite that are divisions of Collective Brands, rue21 and Forever 21 remain very active. And happily, we're also spending a lot of time with the restaurants. So we've got a number of California Pizza Kitchens opening in the portfolio and Red Robins. And we've also been active with Ann Taylor Loft. So there's a very good core group of retailers that are still looking to aggressively grow.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Nathan Isbee with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee: Just going back to Prime. You had a full quarter under your belt here. Can you just talk about how much NOI growth potential you see out of the portfolio, both in '11 and maybe over the next few years?
David Simon: Well, I can tell you that what we -- we're going to exceed our underwriting.
Nathan Isbee: And what was that?
David Simon: These are tough questions.
Stephen Sterrett: Well, Nate, we told you it was a, going in, eight cap.
David Simon: We're going to exceed our underwriting, and I think the re-merchandising success that weve had with our other outlets will take some time. But we would hope to get it on with our other outlets. So we see that opportunity for sure.
Nathan Isbee: Steve, I mean, you're looking at 5%, 7%, 10% growth in '11 from that?
David Simon: Well, certainly from our underwriting, we're above 5% and probably close to your other number.
Nathan Isbee: And then just looking back to the recent holiday season, a lot of talk was about the strength coming out of the luxury in the higher-end retailers? Can you talk about how that's playing out in your portfolio?
Richard Sokolov: We've seen the same trends. Obviously, some of that was just a function of rebounding off of depressed levels in '09. But clearly, I just saw Este Lauder reported yesterday, and their better brands had better performance than their more moderate brands. And I think you can see that across the landscape that the better consumer has come back stronger, and we're seeing that as well in our properties. The other thing that's really been very apparent in our properties is that the centers that benefit from tourism are being incrementally benefited with above-portfolio sales growth, because the tourist is back substantially. And that obviously is also helping.
Nathan Isbee: And then just quickly, when you talked about Canada, having reviewed it, I'm sure you've been focusing on it for a while, how many centers do you see the country being able to support in terms of the quality of a Chelsea type of center?
David Simon: On the outlet side?
Nathan Isbee: Yes.
David Simon: It's hard to stay. I think the Vaughan Mills has been successful, so I do there, as an example. Obviously, I think getting one or two built in kind of the major markets. Theyre not many, but they're there. That's got an option. I mean, It's hard to say, but certainly, more than a few. And it really -- a lot of that just depends on how the early couple go, and whether they produce the results that they do. Now the fact is, the Canadians with the strong dollar love to come to the U.S. to shop. And I do think that's still is an opportunity for them that may limit some of the potential growth, just because they do have that advantage vis--vis the U.S. dollar.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of James Sullivan with Cowen Group.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: I have two questions for you. First of all, on the same store NOI outlook. When we looked back at the prior cycle, and I'm talking about a cyclical rebound in the economy post 2002, and it was pre- the premium acquisition and the converging all the reporting data, but when we looked at the mall sector on a multiyear basis, '02 to '07, same store NOI growth averaged about 5% and sales productivity was fairly comparable over that period of time, the sales productivity growth. I know there was a significant contribution from the growth of specialty leasing, the RMU phenomenon. But looking at where you are now, historically, if we think about the cyclical rebound in the economy and retail sales, is there any secular reason why the growth rate would not match that kind of level going forward?
David Simon: Well, I think the answer to that is yes, and it's primarily because the shock to the system this time around has been dramatic, and it's impacted the consumer, probably, psyche more than the last downturn. And I think it's just going to take, it's going to be a very gradual ramp-up. And the employment side is probably more tenuous here, though the better income side, the difference here though, the better income participant in the economy is more employed than maybe the last time around. But I just think the shock to the systems a little bit, there's more uncertainty coming out of it, clearly, than there was last time. So I would be a little more cautious. I don't think there's anything fundamental in the supply-and-demand scenario or anything else out there that could keep that from happening, but I just think the size of the economic dislocation here has been so great. And there's still a lot of uncertainty. You've got state budget issues, you got the municipal markets, you still got unemployment, you got inflation may or may not be here. So there's just a lot of noise here that I think may keep the recovery more muted than it might otherwise be.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: And the second question really revolves around a lot of the commentary about department stores and underutilization of department store pads. You addressed the one solution to that, which is the spin-off leaseback alternative. Other people have talked about monetizing the square footage by converting the use to something else. Now the question I have, and it really is, I guess this is partly a legal question, but with the presence of operating covenants and reciprocal easements, doesn't that mean that any monetization of those pads that involves a conversion of use has to go through you guys?
Richard Sokolov: Yes.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: Have you had any discussions with any of the department stores on some of those underutilized, underproductive spaces?
Richard Sokolov: The company that has been making certain efforts in that regard has been Sears, where they've done a couple of areas where they've been able to do a partial use in part of their space. But again, as David alluded to earlier, the single best, most profitable use for these boxes is as a performing department store in a chain. If you put the multiple of EBITDA on stock price, it usually dwarfs the real estate value of that box for any other use. And I think that's why you've seen historically over time relatively few closures, and why you see stores working now that the environment is more stable, working to find new opportunities to build stores. And we are going to, hopefully, have a number of announcements over the next six months of department stores being added to our properties, because they're looking to grow. And that's a very productive way to growth their top line and their bottom line.
David Simon: And I would just say, Jim, the biggest discussion we have with them is what price we're willing to buy it and what price they want to sell it. They don't want to be -- very few of the, certainly, the department stores want, ultimately, be in the development business. And that's where most of their boxes, if they're connected to a mall, they end up being in the development business. And that's not a core competency. And in many of those, most of those cases, they're selling it to us or some other developer. And the landscape, frankly, is littered with some bad deals where they sold and the developers tried to buy it at certain prices, and they didn't get the right value. We have not had that experience. We've actually been pretty good at what we bought and being able to recapitalize on it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ben Yang with Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: David, I have a question on the domestic outlook strategy. Clearly, the space is getting a bit crowded. And it's kind of interesting to see what's happening in the Houston submarket with you, Tanger and even maybe Taubman competing to get an outlet center built there. And since we could see this happen going forward, can you talk about how retailers evaluate the different opportunities that they have? Is it based on rents and location only? Or is there anything else that might differentiate your site from, say, Tanger's?
David Simon: I don't want to speak for the retailers. But let's assume, I think they, I'll say it very generically, they tend to go where they think the best site and/or developments going to take place. And I'll leave it at that.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I mean, is it going to be similar to what we saw with the Lifestyle centers where they tend to move as a group? And once you or Tanger has some of the key tenants, then it's pretty much a done deal on which site basically wins that market? Is that your expectation?
David Simon: Yes, I think you'll see some of that, Ben. You'll also -- sometimes, sensitivity plays a role into it. Certainly, in the outlet side with respect to where their full priced stores are located. So it's kind of location development, and they're certainly part of that. When you get the momentum in a deal, the retailers see that, and they tend to go where they think the development's going to get done. But a lot of its the site. But I will say this: I don't think you'll see, I think we're all very experienced developers. Houston is a good example with Taubman and Tanger and us, we're all looking in kind of a submarket. I think we're all very competent developers. And my guess is whoever's successful, there's not going to be two of these. Therell ultimately be one. So I don't see it so much like the Lifestyle group, where you had a bunch built because there was so much money. I think the guys that are in this business understand they may win some and lose some and go on to the next opportunity, as opposed to two going up at the same time. I don't see that happening.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: And then at what point do you guys potentially bail on a project? I mean, is a high single-digit return still satisfactory for you guys, like a Galveston project? Or is that too low, given what you've gotten in the past?
David Simon: I think it would be too low for us from a development point of view. If we're not in the double digits, we would not build.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Is it fair to say that's lower than like the mid-teens that you used to get just a few years ago?
David Simon: Well, it might be lower. We tend to look at most of our new stuff in phases. So the initial phase could be the low double-digits and then, ultimately, if we build phase, we're in the mid-range. I don't think that's changed that much, but there is more competition. So it may have some impact on that. But again, if we felt like we're building below low double-digits, we would not build.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Michael Mueller with JP Morgan.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On the six major redevelopments you're talking about kicking off this year, what's a rough dollar cost of that?
David Simon: Well, I think, altogether, we're in the $500 million range. Those will be, again, a lot of this is going to be spread over '11 and '12. But if you were just to look at -- I don't have those six right in front of me. We can certainly give that to you. But overall when you look at everything, it's around $500 million, our share.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And is that the spend or is that the total expected cost?
David Simon: That's just for spend this year. And a couple of those, clearly, will have carryover in '11, but we could get you those exact numbers. And obviously, those will be in our 8-K when they start construction.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Secondly, on guidance, I may have missed it. Did you mention what the occupancy assumption was to get to your same store guidance?
David Simon: We did not. We decided to be less granular on our guidance this year than the last several years. You should not be worried about that. That doesn't mean that we don't have, obviously, all the confidence in the world at delivering that guidance, but we just felt like it was more important to look at the totality of it than any one particular statistic. But I think, in generally speaking, occupancy is up marginally in our model.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then last question, I'm sure this isnt in guidance, but are you expecting to put capital to work in terms of acquisitions this year?
David Simon: It's not in our guidance.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, sure, it's not in guidance, but is it the expectation that you're going to be able to find some acquisitions this year?
David Simon: You never know. I just would say you never know. I'm sure there will be opportunities, but we'll just see how the year transpires.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Cedric Lachance with Green Street Advisors.
Cedric Lachance - Green Street: David, I think about a year ago, you talked about Lifestyle centers that you had looked at, probably, about three dozen, and you couldn't find, at the time, any that were worthy of an investment. With the environment having changed the way it has, do you think that any of those or any Lifestyle centers might turn out to be a decent investment going forward?
David Simon: We continue to scour that land, that mine field of broken Lifestyle centers. And frankly, we still are having a hard time finding a couple of crown jewels. It's not to say there might not be one or two, but, Rick, I mean, we just haven't seen it. We just haven't seen it. The demand there to go, you've got, Cedric, most of those are the ones that we look at are all in co-tenancy, all have kick outs, and they all need lease-up, and they're just not performing. And some may be good long-term real estate. But the demand, frankly, for those kind of centers has not, as far as we can see, has really not really picked up. Rick, you. . .
Richard Sokolov: I think that's right, the ones we've looked at, frankly, we've been seeing NOIs that are in the offering brochures. So when we underwrite it based on potential decreases of that NOI, because of sales levels and co-tenancy, we're coming up with fractions of the NOI even in the offering book. Now maybe we're conservative, but we've got so much we can do at better returns in our portfolio. It's very difficult to take a reach and try and buy somebody else's problem.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: In regards to 2011 guidance, could you give us a sense of how much in regards to using excess cash to pay down debt is built into those numbers, whether it's any outstanding debt in 2011 or any debt, any payoff early from 2012 or 2013?
Stephen Sterrett: Tayo, this is Steve. There really isn't any of that. There, as I said, we have very little bonds coming due, and even our mortgage maturities were just essentially assuming that we're going to roll them over.
Operator: And our next question is a follow-up question from the line of David Harris of Gleacher & Company.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Early days yet, but new management at GGP out of bankruptcy. Are you coming across them more as a competitive force in the marketplace? Or is it really just maintenance of the status quo?
David Simon: Nothing, really. Nothing that I've seen. Rick, what do you think?
Richard Sokolov: Look, they're now actively leasing and they have direction. But candidly, last year and the year before, they were trying to actively lease as well. So we've competed with them for a very long time, and we'll be competing with them going forward. And we intend to, hopefully, continue outperforming them.
David Simon: We're happy to help them, too, if they need any help.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Rick, if you look back over the last couple of years, now, obviously, were in the new chapter for general growth. Is there any sense that you have that they really did get distracted and lost some competitive status in the marketplace? Or is that something we kind of view from 30,000 feet that we wonder about, operationally, it really didnt make much of a difference?
Richard Sokolov: I couldn't really tell you that. Look, the last couple of years, we were all very focused on a lot of exterior forces. We're just focused on trying to grow our business and really didn't spend a lot of time focusing on that.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Is it in the new concept area that you kind of more act, not only just for general growth, but also with the other big competitors in the space? Is it really on the new leasing side? It's not obviously on renewing existing leases in established centers that you're really going head-to-head with them.
David Simon: Well, actually, with general growth, we have very, very little property overlap. And I think we mostly, frankly, compete with our peer group in the eyes of the analysts and investors. The competition at the property level is overblown for any of us. We certainly, I mean, we're all trying to get the fair share of retailers open to buys, but I'd say the biggest competition is frankly in the eyes of investors. Not so much day-to-day warfare at the property level. Sure, there's some malls that we overlapped with, a few of our peer group, but it's mostly at the corporate level, not so much on the retail day-to-day level.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Fenton with Crdit Suisse.
Andrew Fenton - Cliffwood Partners: I just had a global question for you. It's interesting on Simon calls, it always seems like the questions lead to acquisitions. And two, in your kind of two large-cap global peers, both Unibail and Westfield, actually shrank their balance sheets through two different transactions, and it kind of, in a view to increase their ROE. Have you ever thought of doing something like that?
David Simon: Well, I think there was some reference to it about maybe we should spin this off or that off. We actually like what we've built here. We've had better growth. So I think part of the response that you may be seeing is that the growth profile of those companies may be different than ours. We haven't had that issue. And we're also primarily focused in the U.S., whereas certainly Westfield has a couple of different footprints. So we think we're different. We're in a little different boat than those are. I do think, as we've said, we'll certainly look to sell assets over time, if the market gets better, that don't fit our long-term view. But beyond that, we don't see any real change or need to, given our growth profile.
Andrew Fenton - Cliffwood Partners: I guess their pitch is you get some assets that eventually get mature, and then you can get a much better return on the stuff that have some remaining redevelopment or potentially, as NOI upside, do you have any part of your portfolio where you feel like Simons kind of worked it and the upside isn't as big?
Richard Sokolov: Well, look, certainly, with the vast portfolio we have, we have a handful of centers like that. And like I said, I think if the market stabilized for those kind of centers from a value point of view, it's conceivable that we could sell more assets than we have. We've actually, over the years, been a very -- we've never been afraid to sell assets. So we've sold a couple of billion dollars, if not more, assets over our period of time. So I think if the market gets better, we'd certainly look to do that. I don't think that, that necessarily needs to take the form of some kind of corporate restructuring. But it's always good to prune your portfolio, if you can.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer portion of today's call. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. David Simon, CEO, for any closing remarks.
David Simon: Okay, thank you for your interest. Obviously, 2010 was a really good year for the company, and we expect 2011 to be more of the same, and our passion for the business continues. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day, everyone.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Shelly Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David Simon - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc. Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank Alexander Goldfarb - UBS Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc Andrew Fenton - Cliffwood Partners Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs Cedric Lachance - Green Street Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2010 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Michele, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Shelly Doran: Welcome to Simon Property Group's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that statements made during this call that are not historical may be deemed forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe it's important to note that today's call includes time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of today's date, November 1, 2010. During today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC's Regulation G. Reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the earnings release or the company's supplemental information package that was included in this morning's Form 8-K. This package is also available on the Simon website, in the Investors section under Financial Information, quarterly supplemental packages. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David Simon: All right. I'll go through some financial and operations. Good morning. I'll go over some financial and operational results. First of all, we reported funds from operations of $0.90 per diluted share for the quarter, which was first call consensus estimate. This was accomplished despite the recording of transaction expenses of $47.6 million in the quarter or $0.14 per share. As you may know, GAAP now changed at the beginning of 2010 to require the expensing rather than the capitalizing of transaction expenses. FFO as adjusted, which excludes the impact of the debt extinguishment charge related to our August unsecured debt tender was $1.43 per diluted share, very importantly, an increase of $0.05 from $1.38 in the third quarter of 2009. It was another quarter of industry-leading operational performance. We continue to see improvement in our business conditions. And let me talk -- the next few comments will focus on our Mall and Outlet business, which contributes over 90% of our domestic NOI. Top sales on a rolling 12-month basis were $483 per square foot, up 7.6% as compared to $449 per square foot as of 9/30 '09. Tenant-reported sales were 10.6 higher during the third quarter of 2010 as compared to the third quarter of 2009. We're pleased to see this increase in our tenant sales, however, were more focused on growing our own revenues, and I'm pleased to report that our third quarter consolidated revenues grew $54 million or 5.9% over the prior-year period. Comparable property NOI growth was 3.6% for the quarter, 2.8% for the nine months. Drivers of the increase in comparable NOI continue to be rent growth from higher occupancy, higher overage rent, and lower bad debt expense. During the quarter, growth in base rents contributed 210 basis points to our comp NOI growth number. Overage was 80 basis points, and lower bad debt expense was roughly 60 basis points. As of 9/30, occupancy was 93.6%, sequentially 50 basis points higher than 6/30 and 80 basis points higher than one year ago. As of September 30, the releasing spread for the trailing 12 months was $1.13 per square foot, and we're seeing gradual improvement in deal flow in the pricing of our space. Acquisitions, let me just give you an update on that. And disposition activity on August 30, we completed the acquisition of Prime at a value of approximately $2.3 billion. The transaction added 21 outlet centers, outlet properties comprising 8 million square feet to our portfolio as of September 30. The properties were 94.7% occupied, with average base rents of $24.52 per square foot. And they generated sales of $406 per square foot. This portfolio is an excellent fit for us. It presents a compelling opportunity to benefit from shopper's demand for brand-name merchandise at attractive pricing, and we believe that our strong track record of operational excellence, financial resources, history of successful acquisition position us to meaningfully improve the performance of these assets for the benefit of tenants, retailers and consumers. On the disposition front, on July 15, we completed the sale of Simon Ivanhoe, our 50-50 joint venture, Simon and Ivanhoe Cambridge, our JV partner, received consideration of EUR 715 million. We recorded a gain of $281.3 million on the transaction. And as we discussed, we retained a 25% interest in core development properties with Ivanhoe and Unibail. Capital markets, again, we were very active in the third quarter. In August, we purchased for cash, outstanding notes maturing in 2013 and 2014. $1.3 billion of the bonds were tendered at a weighted average duration of 3.5 years, the weighted average coupon of 6.06%. We recorded a $185.1 million loss on the extinguishment of debt as was recorded in the quarter in connection with this purchase. And currently, we sold $900 million of 4 3/8 senior unsecured notes due 2021. The notes were priced to yield 4.42%. The lowest coupon of a 10-year REIT bond in history, net proceeds from the offering were used to partially fund the purchase of the senior unsecured notes tendered. As a result of these activities, we've significantly extended the duration of our senior unsecured notes portfolio from 6.8 years to 7.5 years and slightly decreased the weighted average interest rate on that portfolio. In the third quarter, we also closed five new loans totaling $700 million. Our share of that was approximately $300 million. The weighted average interest rate on the loans was 5.3% with a weighted term of 9.8 years. Noteworthy, we recently locked rate at Fashion Valley Mall in San Diego on a 10-year basis at 4.3%. Beginning of year, many of you are interested on how we planned on using our significant cash on hand. And at 12/31/'09, we had $4 billion. This gives you a sense of kind of how we deployed the cash in primarily three ways. The reduction of our unsecured debt including the net use of cash in connection with the tenders of $1.5 billion, retirement of secured debt and the unencumbering of assets of $1.1 billion, cash investment in prime and other acquisitions of roughly $550 million. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $1.3 billion of cash on hand, which includes our share of joint venture cash and our availability on our corporate facility of over $3 billion for a total liquidity position of $4.3 billion. Capital expenditures, if I could turn to that, is a little bit higher than we originally planned, approximately $200 million, which reflects an increase in the redevelopment activity as a result of the improving economic conditions and demand. This capital spend in 2010 includes the completion of our expansion to South Shore Plaza in Boston, The Domain in Austin and the expansion of the Houston Premium Outlets, which will open this month. The expansion and renovation of the Las Vegas Outlet Center, which is projected to open in March 2011 and more than 35 anchor and big box replacements in 2010. You'll be happy to know, I will not read them. You can find them in our 8-K. And during the third quarter, we started construction on two Premium Outlet Centers, Merrimack Premium Outlets in Merrimack, New Hampshire, which is a 380,000-square-foot center projected to open in June of 2012. There are 1.7 million residents living within 30 miles of the site with an average household income of $87,000. And the center is located one north of metropolitan Boston and sales tax-free New Hampshire. Johor Premium Outlets in Johor, Malaysia, which is 175-square-foot center projected to open in November of 2011, is located one hour's drive from Singapore, and Johor Premium Outlets is being developed in a joint venture with Genting Group. Our interest in that is 50%. By the end of 2011, we will have 11 Premium Outlet Centers open and operating in Asia, generating total NOI at the property level of well over $200 million. We continue to look at opportunities to upgrade existing department store. Our representation are working to identify future department store availability based on existing performance. We have been very successful on our efforts to re-tenant department store and other big-box space and have another 25 deals approved with openings expected in 2011. And again, you'll be happy to note, I won't read those. As part of our renewed redevelopment push, we've identified 16 Regional Mall assets as potential transformational properties. The scope of these project ranges from adding department stores, restaurants, specialty store tenants to the redevelopment of the entire asset, and we expect work to commence on some of these in 2011. Finally, let me conclude by saying that we are extremely pleased to announce an increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.60 to $0.80, an increase of 33%. This number will -- this getting to $2.60 for the year, which will approximate our taxable income, and it also position us on a trajectory to pay at least $3.20 per share in 2011. Based upon our results in the quarter and the expectations for the balance of the year, we're also pleased today to increase our 2010 FFO guidance as adjusted by $0.13 on the low end and $0.08 on the high end. And again, we are pleased to re-affirm to you that we expect to be sector-leading growth in 2011 and beyond and we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Christy McElroy of UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: I've got Ross [Nussbaum] on the line with me as well. Dave, just following up on your comments on redevelopment, can you give us some of the economics behind expected redevelopment starts over the next couple of years relating to those 16 malls? Like total spend, timing of starts, that type of thing?
David Simon: Well, redevelopment is an art, not a science. But I think our projected spend on these 16, depending on the scope, will be approximately $1.5 billion. And we would certainly, of the 16, hope to get a couple of them started in 2011. We're making some good progress on securities and commitments. And then with those commitments, I think we'll begin to actually start the projects. So I would hope that we would have two to four next year, and then at least get to 16 going by 2013.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: And as you were looking at those opportunities, what kind of returns are you targeting?
David Simon: I would say to you that they're consistent with what we've done historically. And in the redevelopment, we're still striving to get double digits around 10% at some will average a little bit lower than that, but some will be above that. So I would hope that we would be able to generate about 10% on the total investment over that three- or four-year period of time.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: What's your occupancy today including temp tenants? Can you give us a sense for how temp leasing has trended so far in the second half relative to past years? And can you discuss some of the economics of the Toys "R" Us pop-ups as compared to normal temp leasing?
David Simon: Well, let me just say, as you know, we don't include seasonal or temporary tenants in our occupancy. Unless a tenant, unless a retailer is in there for over a year, it is not included in our occupancy. So the seasonal tenants, if you've been -- and as you know, you've walked through plenty of our malls, our malls look 100% occupied even though there may be some temporary tenants, or handful of temporary tenants in the malls. So it does not include that number. So with that said, I think the demand is reasonably better this year than last year. And the rents, I don't talk specifically about particular tenants, but I think Toys record are doing more deals this year than last year substantially. But we don't talk specific rents about tenants. But I assume they had a successful Christmas last year, otherwise they wouldn't commit to more this year.
Richard Sokolov: And the only other thing I would add is that of the temporary tenants that Toys opened with us last year, we were able to convert a significant number than in the long-term permanent deals. This gives them an opportunity to see how a given property is going to react to their offering. And if it is encouraging, they are prepared to commit long term, and we're anticipating to have a number of those convert this year as well.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: And then Ross has a question or two as well.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: Are you looking to monetize that investment anytime soon?
David Simon: Well, I don't comment on stuff like that, I try not to, I'm not perfect in that area. Actually, it's really gallery commercial, GCI as we call it. So I really have no comment on that, I'm sorry to say.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: The other question I have is can you break out the same-store NOI growth on the malls versus the Premium Outlets to get a sense of whether those numbers are consistent or was one number driving it?
David Simon: The answer is given the fact that they're both material contributors, they both contributed significantly to our growth. And I will just say this, that based upon what I have seen, the mall top NOI growth is still industry-leading if that helps you in any way, but we don't break those out as you know.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: And I would assume fair to say that outlets are perhaps leading, the industry-leading mall number?
David Simon: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley of Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Michael Bilerman here with Quentin. David, just in terms of the dividend, I think you said that this would be at least to start off, and it sounds like maybe some of the gain offset by some of the charges pushing the taxable for this year. How are you thinking about the dividend heading into 2011 as to where you would want to set it? And is it going to be a few quarters for an increase? Or you would think about it relative to when you provide the '11 guidance in January to what level the board is comfortable moving that $3.22?
David Simon: Well, let me just say this. You may not have caught this in my last remarks. We expect, obviously, it's subject to board discussion, but I think it's safe for you to assume that we're going to be paying out $0.80 per quarter next year. And there is a possibility. Obviously, we're going to have to pay out or we want to pay 100% of our taxable income. As we look at '11, even though we haven't finalized our budget process for '11 and there's a lot of things that go in and out in taxable income, and there are obviously government has some involvement in that. For instance extending bonus depreciation, there's certain states that have an input on that. But I would say that we expect to pay out at least $3.20. And to the extent that our taxable income is higher then we would pay out more, and that would be determined in the fourth quarter of next year.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: And then in terms of the steps, in your supplemental, you broke out Prime, it's on Page 24, in terms of the occupancy and the sales per foot, but you still kept in the Premium Outlets in with the malls. I'm just curious why you did that.
David Simon: Just because we wanted to make them scrub all the numbers, make sure it's all -- we wanted to give the market a sense of what the Prime portfolio was by itself. And then next quarter, we intend to meld those into our numbers, but we felt since it was just a month old, there hasn't been a lot of data out there. We wanted to give the market a chance to see the portfolio, but it will be melded in next quarter.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Rather than melded out and split all?
David Simon: Well, we understand your opinion on that, and I have an opinion on certain things as well, and we'll continue to welcome those opinions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Harris from Gleacher & Company.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: I have a question on credit quality, tenant credit quality. Many of us saw Gymboree taken out by private equity interest as recently. And obviously, we've seen the JCPenney move. Tell me, is there anything in your leases that sort of protects your position from a deterioration credit? I mean many of these private equity deals seem to involve, will seem to involve additional debt on the balance sheet. So you got a less credit-worthy tenant theoretically than you have before?
Richard Sokolov: David, it's Rick. In certain of our leases, we do have those constraints. And we have requirements for annual certifications and minimum net worth requirement. In the large public companies, typically that would not be present. What we are focused on going forward, and what they're going to focus on going forward is the ability to convince us that they're going to be able to pay their rent as it comes due. And I would tell you that we very give you an example, Golden Gate acquired Express. That was acquired all cash, now went public. The fact that something goes private is not synonymous with a significant lease up, adding of debt and a decrease of the result in EBITDA. We monitor that, literally on a biweekly basis for all of our tenants. And if we see a tenant that is going the wrong way, we will reach out to them and tell them we're not going to be able to do more business with you until you get that more in line.
David Simon: Yes, I'll just say, this is David, that I still call them LBOs, but the model has changed somewhat with respect to leverage buyouts. And first of all, there's been enough historical bad deals done where leverage was pushed too high, and I assume that a number of the sponsors understand that. Second, and it gets back to Rick's point, with express and others, the model today, frankly, is to grow the business. And what we're seeing is when there are companies thinking private, the growth plans in a lot of cases actually accelerate as opposed to decelerate. So we don't expect much of a change from Gymboree. They had a pretty good growth trajectory. We expect that to continue, if not increase. So the model's a little bit different, and we can only hope that some of the past mistakes have been thoroughly reviewed about too much leverage. But let's face it, it is a reasonable concern for us to be focused on.
Richard Sokolov: And I would say generally, the credit profile of our tenants has frankly never been better in terms of their free cash flow and their multiples of EBITDA to debt. So in that regard, it's a macro consideration. Things are more favorable today by a significant margin than they've been in the past.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: David, I've got a question for you in the global. Obviously, this is an environment where there's a great deal of volatility in FX and particularly the expectation that the dollar may be a weak counter against a number of leading currencies. As that includes to your thinking about where you want to take the company as a global entity over the next, over recent times?
David Simon: Well, I guess in a sense if you had a really negative view on the dollar and we felt like we could put our capital to work outside of the U.S., and add value to that real estate, then we would be somewhat motivated to do that. But it's very tough to have a kind of a permanent view on the dollar or where it's going. I mean obviously, the last couple of months are wonderful indications of that where we thought we're going to have parity, not we but the world thought we were going to have parity with the euro. And now we're headed it back in the other direction. So it's certainly much factor in now. The factor matters. We could still, aside from a number of emerging markets, we still hedge a pretty good chunk of your investment if you wanted to. But if you did have the view that the dollar was going to be in a permanent decline, then as a steward of capital, would make potentially more sense to have assets outside of U.S. than it does more assets outside of U.S. than we currently have. But at the end of the day, we've got to make real estate decisions. We're real estate people, and we've got to believe that whatever we buy, we're buying at the right value. We could add value to it. Steve, I don't know if you look at anything to it?
Stephen Sterrett: Well, I think David's right. I will just say one thing, David, that one of the things that we do is because we finance our existing JV in the local currency. As you know, we do have a bit of a natural hedge anyway and that we're collecting rent as an example in Italy in euros, but the entity is also financed primarily with euro-denominated debt.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: If we just set aside then the currency issue for the moment, David, if you look at the world as a sort of range of opportunities, do you still see the U.S. as offering you predominantly the most attractive area to allocate your capital?
David Simon: Well, David, I would say that the activity in the U.S. and our sector has considerably slowed. But that doesn't mean that there aren't going to be opportunities. I mean sometimes, they arise when you don't expect them and sometimes, you have to be patient. And that's been our mantra for quite some time. If you look at the history of our company, we've been -- the consistent history of it is we've been criticized every step of the way, but the good news is I think we've made a lot of right decisions. So when we bought CPI, nobody was expecting malls to really trade, and everybody thought we overpaid. But obviously, the history is that we did a hell of a deal. When we got into the outlet sector and after a few years of experience understanding the business, in 2000, we built a couple. We bought it in '04, we've grown that business. We brought it out of the kind of the dark ages into respectability both in terms of the returns it could generate, but also in terms of what retailers thought about it. And we brought more retailers into the marketplace. So my view of it is we've just got to be ready. You don't necessarily know when it might happen. We don't do deals just to do deals. Occasionally, our discipline has not been perfect. So every once in a while, we've done that, but we've done it on a basis that obviously financially, we could handle that. And so I'm not -- even though there's nothing eminent in the U.S., I'm certainly not thinking that, that won't have opportunities for us. But I also think internationally and in Asia, it kind of gets lost in the sauce here because of the size. But as I said in my opening remarks, we're going to have 11 centers in Asia. This is a portfolio. So our share in Japan is 40%, in Korea, it's 50% and so on. But that's going to generate over $220 million of NOI next year with the other growth prospects. In fact, tonight in New York, I have dinner with our Japanese partner. There's other areas in Asia that we're going to examine, so we've got lots of ways to grow the company. I'm not discouraged in the U.S. at this moment, but it's not like it was a year ago. Good news is we made a deal in '09 when others didn't, and we've also made the right decisions like in 2004. We didn't buy Rouse where others did. So I'm cool about everything.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Morgan of Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: So if I look at your lease metrics, you've done 9 million, 10 million square feet of deals this year at $41 a foot, and lease expiration has been around $40. Could you help me kind of connect the dots between that? And next year or the year after, you've got 18 million square feet expiring between $33 and $34? And how much of that is just not really comparable, or I mean what we expect to see I think in terms of lease spreads, lease opening rates to go down significantly? Basically, what you've done so far or your spreads are going to widen out significantly?
Richard Sokolov: Paul, it's Rick. First of all, when you're dealing with our numbers, when you say 8 million or 9 million, that's a whole lot of activity that is going to transcend any specific for the most part qualitative skewing in the Mall business. What we are seeing is increasing activity from our tenants as the sales have gone up, our occupancy costs have come in. And we're hopeful that we're going to be able to improve upon our spread next year over this year. That's the anticipation. We've been able to hold our numbers, and one of the things that has obviously helped, we're in a benign bankruptcy market. And so as we are getting more demand, we have less spaces that are going out whether we have to replace them when we weren't anticipating. So all those factors will hopefully give us a little better pricing.
Stephen Sterrett: Paul, this is Steve. I'll just add two things. We talked a little bit about it on the last call, but in 2010, we did lose higher renting tenants like the jewelry stores. And so the dollar of the square footage that was the denominator in the equation is certainly higher than what you'd see in the lease expiration schedule going forward. So absent that, in 2010, we had much fewer square footage lost, certainly the last couple of quarters. I didn't expect our closures to be closer to our lease expiration. I think that's one. And so that does suggest that you could see an increase in spreads next year. Another indicator that I would offer you that I think supports that is our calculation is an apple and an orange. We add up all the leases that we do, and we compare it to all the leases that closed, but they're not necessarily the same leases. But we do track internally a same-space leasing spread, and that number on a rolling 12-month basis is about $2.30. So it's a fair bit higher than what you'd see in the publicly reported spread. And I think that goes to Rick's point and just seeing an improved quality of the yield, and I think again, as we go into 2011, knock on wood, I would think you would start to see acceleration in our spread.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: That $2.30 same-space number, does the pattern of it over time look similar to the number you reported here, the apples-and-oranges number? I mean was that in the order of kind of $8 or $10 a couple years ago?
Stephen Sterrett: It was higher a couple of years ago, for sure. Yes.
David Simon: I would say it masks pretty much the openings and closings until. Obviously, that number is depressed from where we reported in '08, '07 and '06 given the economic conditions that exist. And I would underline Steve's point in that, what drove our closings was unanticipated jewelry stores and what not. But if we get back to kind of the natural expirations, then our spreads ought to migrate toward where they have been historically.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: And then on the occupancy side, how do you include Chelsea in there, I have a little bit harder time figuring out where you were in terms of occupancy versus your -- and how far in the malls do you think you are off your 2007-or-so peak? And do you think you can, what's the timing for you to get back to that type of level?
Richard Sokolov: This is Rick. I think we're going to continue to make progress towards getting back towards that peak. We have our 80 bps spread that we had through 9/30. We should hopefully hold that through the remainder of the year end. We're anticipating continued progress on top of that going into '11. And so we should be creeping up on that 2007 occupancy, assuming that we don't have unanticipated bankruptcies and other things going out that we don't see today.
Stephen Sterrett: Paul, just to fill in the dots or the blank, if you will, we're between 100 and 150 basis points below the peak occupancy in the Mall business.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Last question on the outlet side, obviously, there have been people who've been talking about new projects as well, have you done any analysis? I mean how much opportunity do you think there is for new outlet centers in the U.S.?
David Simon: Well, look, I don't have a specific number that I can tell you. There's a lot being talked about and we know what we want to build, which is the Premium Outlets. So we think there's some of those to be built, but I can't give you a specific number, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Habermann of Goldman Sachs.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Rick, you mentioned occupancy cost has trended down a bit as the sales have come back and clearly bad debts trending in a much better direction. I guess two questions. One, how widespread is the sales increase, I guess if you strip out Apple and other stores, how widespread is it? And even looking at Class A malls versus Class B? And number two, as you think about the leasing, just following on Paul's question, what is your target for occupancy cost I guess as you look out to 2011?
Richard Sokolov: Well, let me do the first. In the Mall business, it is pretty broad across project types and across the various categories. Obviously, in junior, some are going to be doing better than others because that's a highly quarter-to-quarter and fashion-driven business. But we've seem very good stability across those. In terms of our occupancy cost, I think we've always said that we'd like to be in the 13% to 14% range in the Mall business and outlets have been operating less than that. And so long as we can stay in that range, we've seen historically that our retailers can make very good profit. And we can make an acceptable return on our assets, and that's pretty much where we are trying to drive the business.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: And maybe for David, I guess even with the dividend increase, you guys are still going to have a fair amount of free cash flow per year. And you've got $1 billion of cash, the line is free and clear. Are you looking to build cash on the balance sheet? Or do you think you look to pay down debt? Because it looks that you're going to have $500 million to $600 million of free cash flow even after the dividend as well as the investment and redevelopment?
David Simon: Well, we'll continue to delever. It's a nice spot to be in. And absent specific investment opportunities, we'll continue to delever, which will obviously add to our growth rate and hopefully our multiple, even though it's not clear that, that's the case like at this particular point. But let me go back to Rick's earlier point. The thing that excites me is, yes, I loved tenant sales growth, but I get more excited about our own revenue growth. And there's a lot to the mall and to the outlet center that -- now I understand the correlation between tenant sales and potentially what our revenue is, but the fact of the matter is what's most important to me is our revenue growth and because part of our job is to merchandise the center where if our retailers aren't producing the revenues that are commensurate with that center, we ought to replace it. And that doesn't get picked up in the comp sales numbers. So that's our -- I don't want anybody mistaken about our focus, is to increase our revenues, which obviously, given the high operating margins we have in our business, that tends to drop disproportionately to the bottom line. That's our focus.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: And lastly, any quick comments on Florida? How trends are there?
David Simon: Better.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Better than the average?
David Simon: Yes. Better than the average.
Richard Sokolov: Particularly in the tourist-driven properties, there have been a substantial increase in tours coming in from South America and Europe for that matter. And that's a significant number of properties we have in the state. And they are outperforming.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Craig Schmidt of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: The 21 Prime properties, they are currently doing I guess $406 a foot and $24.52 at an average rent, is there any reason why those metrics after they've been managed through the Chelsea team they can't reach Chelsea's level? Or is there some geography or something constraints that they may not allow them to reach that sort of level?
David Simon: Well, we expect to enhance the properties like we would hope in anything that we've done, and Prime has done a good job over the years. But we would hopefully build upon that and continue to increase the productivity and the cash flow from those centers.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then in terms of Orlando, you already have about 550 square feet of outlet space, and you're adding almost another 1 million. Is there anything you need to do to adapt that space? Or given Rick's comments about the stronger tourist markets, that may not be necessary?
David Simon: Well, Orlando is an interesting market because it's really so many different markets by themselves. And they operate kind of independently because the tourism is such that they're different markets. So the answer is not really. They all serve their current market well, and the good news is that Orlando market is unique in terms of driving visitor traffic, there's nothing in the horizon that would, suggest that they can't continue to drive the 40-plus million visitors a year. And we're the beneficiary as long as we continue to maintain high-quality properties catering to those individual submarkets appealing to the tourists that go to each individual tourist destination.
Richard Sokolov: And to David's point that there are separate markets, substantial number of tenants are operating in both properties, because there are a lot of people that are going to Universal and staying on International Drive that are not going down to Disney and staying on the Disney compound. So there are two distinct properties and two distinct markets.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then finally, I noticed there has been a sales square foot improvement in The Mills as well as an occupancy pickup. Are you introducing more outlet conference than that? Or is that just a standard business as usual and it's...
David Simon: We aren't introducing more outlets, tenants. And additionally, some that we're changing, we're changing kind of what that center is going to be. For instance in Gurnee, we were actually expecting to modify a big chunk of that center to the full priced but the rest is a lot of just bringing in the better merchants, a number of which are brand-name outlet operators. Plus, Rick and -- I don't want to bore you with the details, he's got his list, he's dying to read it, but we won't let him. Is that we're adding, we're doing a good job of re-tenanting the boxes that we lost with Steve & Barry's, Linens 'n Things, Circuit City's, et cetera. We've got a couple of Bloomingdale outlets that we've brought in to the center, so just better leasing management and taking advantage of a better economic scenario. And Rick is available later to read you all of what he's done recently.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Just quickly on the capital side, and this is probably more for your JV properties. Just given where the portfolio lenders are, and it seems like they're a little behind. Maybe they caught up, but it seems like they're behind in allocating for the year. Has any of that caused you guys or your JV partners to reconsider refinancing plans? Or is it more that the thought of refinancing a property is a much bigger decision than just simply where you can get a rate and a sizable loan on a project?
Stephen Sterrett: Alex, this is Steve. I think it's the latter. Our refinancing decision is above and beyond just what your capital spend is. But having said that, it's a high-class problem to have because we do have many properties, JV properties where we've got substantial capital to spend. Rick whispered to me that we're in the midst of doing a renovation of Fashion Valley where we just refinanced. We have some other properties that are in that list of 16 assets that David mentioned that could potentially be transformational. And a couple of them that I can think of right off hand, it's very low leverage. So the opportunity to roll the source of capital for that transformation into a single financing is certainly there. So we'll look at it on a case-by-case basis.
David Simon: Look. If a mortgage does not subject to a prepayment penalty or yield maintenance penalty, we are actively talking to our partners about refinancing it. A traditional secured debt usually has something along those lines. But we don't have a lot of floating rate debt on our JV at all, period. But to the extent that it's not locked out or the yield maintenance is de minimis or there is none, then we're talking about a partner about refinancing, which is exactly what happened in Fashion Valley. Fashion Valley is a great scenario historically, thinking about kind of what happened, I think we had -- can't remember all the details other than it came to in '08. Both of us had to put capital in to pay off the mortgage, which I believe was a couple hundred million bucks. Then we got a $50 million loan. And then we got that $50 million went to $100 million, then that $100 million went to $200 million. And now the $200 million went $475 million, all in a span of 18 months. So maybe that's a pretty good recollection. So I mean that's kind of what happened. We actually had to put in equity, and thankfully, our partner and us had the equity do it. But we had to unencumber that asset for a while at the end of '08.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: And then moving to the Prime, now that the books have been closed, can you give us a split of -- originally, I think on the cash yields, you were talking about an 8% of what you think the gap yield will be.
David Simon: Well, no, but we'll do better.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: And then just finally, wrapping up on Prime, there was the item in their press release about the consent agreement. Is this just something that sort of just an ordinary document processing thing? Or is this anything that could linger for a while?
David Simon: We don't believe so. In other words, we do think it's ordinary course.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Going back to the debt paydowns, not a lot coming due in terms of secured and unsecured notes next year. Should we expect anything in terms of maybe a pool of assets like we saw in 2010 get unencumbered?
Stephen Sterrett: Michael, we don't actually have a lot of opportunity to unencumber assets in 2011. But as David has already mentioned, we're looking at the balance sheet everyday. We're certainly working it. Absent of transaction opportunities, we will delever. It was interesting you said not a lot to do, but we still got $1 billion plus of mortgages to redo in 2011. There's sliver interest of bond figures about $400 million less than '11 that wasn't tendered. You could certainly see us pay that down. But we'll just pay attention to where the market is.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Sakwa of ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: First, Rick, can you just talk about what percentage of leasing you might have already done for 2011 at this point in the year and compare it to, say, a year ago? And how much leasing you had done in 2010?
Richard Sokolov: We're through probably about 39%, 38%, 39% of our '11, and that's pretty much where we were this time last year.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: So even though you're feeling better about the world, I guess I'm just trying to figure out if may be that 39% got committed to a lower rate, now the world's better?
Richard Sokolov: Well, one of the things that were doing, and we said this last year, we're not in as much of a hurry because the world is getting better. And renewals in '11, some renewals are literally still 13 months out. So there is certainly no hurry to have to address those renewals that are in the fourth quarter where we think we're going to be in a much better shape. We could look. We can control that by deciding how we price our space, and so we're going to be very deliberate in how we price our space, and that's going to impact the pace of our renewals.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: And then I was wondering if you could maybe just spend a little bit of time talking about Prime, and as you kind of look at that portfolio today and maybe hearken back to when you bought Chelsea, I didn't see an occupancy cost David disclosed for that portfolio, but just what sort of upside do you see? I mean obviously a portfolio is not as productive as the Chelsea assets, but as you kind of look here today, you've owned it for a month, what kind of opportunities do you see embedded in that portfolio?
David Simon: Well, let's just say, there's no way to replicate what we got out of the Chelsea portfolio, other than a few individual centers here or there. As you know, that's the highest portfolio out there. Look, I think, Steve, it's relatively straightforward stuff. It's better marketing, and it is better leasing through better merchandise management. And when you do the two together, they kind of fuel off each other, and you get the desired impact that you're looking to. And there's also going to be the ability to reclaim, re-demolish certain space that we think we can make more productive. Little developments, we had our board at Queenstown last week as an example, and there's a little corner of the center, good center, good leasing, but there's a corner that's effectively not part of the nice atmosphere that was created there. So trying to figure out how to anchor that and re-tenant it and make it part of the center. It's going to be the kind of things that we do. And we've already identified a number of the better merchants that we think we'll be able to add to the portfolio. There's less and less of opportunities to better merchandise to the centers.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: Well, David, if you don't want to disclose the occupancy cost, can you just tell us if it's above or below where I guess the Chelsea portfolio or the Premium Outlet portfolio is?
David Simon: It's below.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: And Steve, I know it's sort of a technical question, but the $47 million in charges this quarter, any way to sort of just break out some of that amongst the different buckets of things you pursued?
Stephen Sterrett: No, Steve, it's just a composition and a compilation related to everything.
David Simon: The important point is that you don't expect to see that going forward.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: Are there any lingering charges that might occur in Q4 as a result of many of the activities you pursued this year?
David Simon: De minimis.
Stephen Sterrett: Yes, I wouldn't expect it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nathan Isbee of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just returning to the rent spread issue, can you just please provide some detail on the rent spread, just breaking out malls versus outlets?
David Simon: We put those together, Nate, if you hadn't noticed.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, I know but you gave out a little bit of detail on the fixed NOI before in terms of saying that it was above the -- it was still industry-leading. Would you say that malls were positive this quarter or the trailing 12?
David Simon: Yes, I'd say malls are relatively flat.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Quentin of Credit Suisse.
Andrew Fenton - Cliffwood Partners: If you remove the Apple from your sales number, do you know how much of the percent growth that attributes?
David Simon: Very, very, very little. Remember, we have 65 million square feet, then we had the outlet stores. So it's 80 million, you had like 40 Apple stores so I don't have it off the top of my head, but it would be de minimis in terms of the growth. I mean obviously, we think they're a great retailer and a great company, and we want to do more and more stores with them. But in terms of having a major impact, it's just not there for us.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Cedric Lachance of Glenn (sic) [Green] Street Advisors.
Cedric Lachance - Green Street: Do you have a small stake in value retail in Europe. What's your appetite for doing more on the outlet side on the European continent?
David Simon: Well, I would say that, put value retail aside, I would say that we have obviously a nice U.S. Outlet business. We have a nice Asian Outlet business. And strategically, given there is a commonality of the product and retailers, it would be nice to have a European presence in that business. But I won't talk specifically about value retail or anybody else, but it would make strategic sense for us to be represented in Europe with good quality outlet centers.
Cedric Lachance - Green Street: And what's the best way to approach that? Is it development primarily? Or do you think there are interesting acquisition targets over time?
David Simon: Well, I'd say both are tough, frankly, Cedric. Development is clearly the hardest to do, but we have looked at certain things in the past. And I would say on the acquisition side, there could be opportunities for us down the road. So I would lean more toward acquisitions than ground-up development just because of the length required to develop there and all of the uncertainties and all the stops and starts, but we look at both. We look at both.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tayo Okusanya of Jefferies & Company.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just a few quick follow-up points. Could you tell us what occupancy costs actually were at the end of third quarter?
Richard Sokolov: Yes, for the end of the third quarter, for combining malls and outlets, it was 12.1%.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then the reversal of the provisioning during the quarter, could you talk a little bit about the reasoning behind that and what we can kind of expect in regards to provisioning on a going-forward basis?
Stephen Sterrett: What happened in the third quarter, quite frankly is we just collected some receivables that we had fully reserved for. And when you collect something in cash and there's no longer anything to offset it with on the balance sheet, you have to flow through income. I mean historically, Tayo, our bad debt expense runs about 50 basis points for 0.5% of revenue. I would tell you, it looks like 2010 is a year where we're going to end up with literally close to zero bad debt expense. But if you're looking on a go-forward basis, I think it would be difficult to replicate that experience in 2011. So I'd expect to see some return to a more normal level of bad debt.
Omotayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And last question, as we start to head into the holiday season, just could you give us a general sense of what you're hearing from your tenants about what sales look like and what their expectations are going to be?
David Simon: Look, I will tell you that the good news is Christmas, the holiday season, is no longer make or break for our retailers the way it's been 20 years ago. It's all you heard about was they had to have a good Christmas season to survive. Our retailers are much better operators, so it's not make or break the holiday season any longer. I can tell you that generally, the holiday season never meets expectations too. I think one out of the last 10 years, it's met expectations. So much has to do with the mood and psyche here of consumer, and there's obviously a lot out there to sway it one way or the another. I'll leave my political views to the side for the time being. So the long-winded answer is my own personal view is it won't meet expectations, but it's just because I'm betting on history that it never seems to. And when I say expectations probably more of what the media and our efforts and some of these other people put out. But I don't get overly excited one way or another what it meets or beats or doesn't, just because I think from a retailer's point of view, they've learned how to manage it appropriately. They do seem poised to have a better season because inventories have been built up. That's good and bad, right? That's good in the sense that if there is demand, they could drive sales. On the other hand, it is looking like the season could be a touch more promotional than it has been in the past. But again, I don't get caught up in -- it's almost like the politics is going to win and who's not going to win. Lots of pundits out there. The good news is from our retailers, they seem to be able to manage it either way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Yang of Keefe Bruyette and Woods.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: David, you mentioned the occupancy cost is currently lower for Prime versus your other outlets. I'm curious if you have the same occupancy cost target for both outlet portfolios when you sign new leases? And if you don't, I'm wondering if there's any reason why you can't get to that same level for Prime?
David Simon: Well, look, I think we have enough experience that we know what market rents ought to be and given that, we feel good that there's growth in the Prime portfolio and not only because of where rents are versus were market rents are, but also because we're going to make the centers better. And by making them better, retailers are going to want to be there, and Ben, that's potentially -- I wish it were more complicated than that, but that's basically what our guys are charged to do.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I mean but will there come a day when you can maybe narrow that occupancy cost gap? Or do maybe less-productive outlet centers just naturally get a lower occupancy cost?
David Simon: Well, there's certainly part of that. There's no question there's part of that. Typically, what we've had in the Outlet business is even though rents have been increased, sales have increased even to the higher rates. So the occupancy costs still can't catch up to the number that make sense. But clearly, there are going to be centers that have lower productivity. You're not going to be able to charge the kind of rent that you could at higher productivity. So there's certainly part of that element with Prime and even existing outlets that we have today. And that's the same thing for malls as well.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Did you guys revise your same-store NOI guidance for the year? Because I think it currently stands at about 1% to 1.5%?
David Simon: I'm looking at '11, so the answer is no, but I think we'll do better.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: On percentage rent, we're looking at percentage rent as a percentage of sales, and those seem to go higher. Is that the inclusion of Prime, do you think, or is there something else going on there?
David Simon: It has nothing to do with Prime at all really. We only had Prime in for a month. It's really just better sales across the portfolio, obviously both in the Mall and in the Outlet side.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: So you think that to continue? You think that's sort of trending higher? Is that what it sounds like?
David Simon: Well, it's clearly trending higher as you can see by our growth of our retailers, that's for sure. But it is a variable number and once the retailer's in there, it's out of our control. It's really how they produce. But in audit, assuming it continues on that path, it ought to be certainly higher than last year.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then in the other income line, Steve, in the joint venture portfolio, that seemed to jump unusually, what was in there again?
Stephen Sterrett: It's two things that are primarily driving it, Rich, one is the property that we are a 25% owner of had a large out lot peripheral transaction, that it was about a $20 million gain. Our share of that was about $6 million. So even though you're seeing a large impact in the JV footnote, actually our share of it isn't that significant. The other one is just you see this in the consolidated financials as well. We had a higher level of lease termination activity. I think it was up about $10 million in the JVs, and I think our share of that was about $3 million. So that's the majority of the increase, the rest of it is just normal growth in business that we're seeing across some of the line items that flow through there.
Operator: You have a follow up from the line of Quentin Velleley of Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: Just in terms of the 16 transformational redevelopment projects you were speaking about earlier on, I think you sort of mentioned that a few of us those projects would be complete redevelopments of the assets. So I'm just curious which assets they were and whether or not we should be thinking about that as sort of defensive CapEx as well as expansion CapEx?
David Simon: Well, we have two malls that are basically have been de-malled and produce no income today. And in fact, they have a slight negative. So those certainly would be in that category. But I don't think, given the opportunity ahead of us and given the lack of new space out there, I would say to you that not any of this is really defensive. It's really because there's an opportunity in there, and demand has somewhat increased. When I think of defensive, the way you describe it is may be in connection with something else happening in the marketplace, these are just there to be done to improve upon.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: And so of the $1.5 billion, it's a very small proportion?
David Simon: Clearly.
Operator: You will follow up from Dan (sic) [David] Harris of Gleacher & Company.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: I don't know if I dare ask this question, but general growth comes out of a bankruptcy shortly and it's got some powerful backers and a rebuilt balance sheet. Have you been briefing the troops for a tougher battle ahead?
David Simon: I'll let our performance speak for itself. So fact of the matter is, David, we have prospered whether general growth was growing in bankruptcy or emerging from bankruptcy. The bottom line is we've been able to grow our business and do well regardless of what they or anyone else has done. And I look back and say it's very interesting to me, and I know a lot of people are in earnings focused, but we're going to be one of the few -- let's just take First Call as a barometer. Based on '11, we're actually have the potential, if you use First Call as a barometer to actually have the best earnings per share that we've had. So yes, we've been some diluted deals. We've sold common stock, I'm not thrilled about the price that we did, but we felt like in the scheme of things, we had to do it. We're actually our growth is it such that we're going to, if you believe First Call -- and obviously we're going to come out with our guidance, but I wouldn't be talking like this if I didn't think that, that was a possibility. We're going to actually outgrow our dilution and, hopefully next year, do better than what we've ever done, which was an '08 record FFO per share. So our record FFO per share I think was $6.42. You can see that our dividend trajectory is back to where it was. You compare all of the other retail REITs out there and in particular, all the other retail REITs, they're 30%, 40% of their FFO per share and 30% and 40% of their dividend per share, and in some cases even a lot worse than that. So as an example, I won't say it, because I mean it's really -- so the fact of the matter is our troops know what we want them to do regardless of whether what happens with general growth or not. So I think I answered your question.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Let's try to tackle it a slightly different way. Setting aside the public companies, and obviously we've got have had a fairly good handle on that, do you have a sense, David, that you picked up?
David Simon: We have an interesting chart, we'd be happy to share with you.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Let me ask my question, maybe you can show me the visuals in a couple of weeks. Do you have a sense over the last couple of years, the stronger companies would obviously include most of the public companies within our group, have picked up substantial market share from some of the other layers in your marketplace?
David Simon: Well, certainly. And certainly at a property level, there's some of that, but more importantly, it's really at a company level that you can see that differentiation easiest.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Does the chart show that? It must be bottom left to top right, all charts that I ever look at look go that way don't we?
David Simon: Certainly, when we do the charts.
David Harris - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Is that what you're going to show me in a couple of weeks, David?
David Simon: We will now.
Operator: We have a follow up from Steve Sakwa of ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: I just wanted to make sure, Steve, when you're providing that same-store NOI increase in the 8-K, that does include the benefit of lease termination income?
Stephen Sterrett: It does not include the benefit of lease termination income. We got a great lease termination income now.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: So I guess really then, the figure for the nine months does include the benefit of basically the reversal of the bad debt this year but not the increase in lease termination income?
Stephen Sterrett: That's correct. Bad debt is a component of lease...
David Simon: In our earlier comments, we've mentioned how much that was. It was at 3.6.
Stephen Sterrett: For the quarter, bad debt has added about 50 basis, points. So then 3% of bad debts would've been the same as last year.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: And Steve, do you know what it was for the year, the nine months number?
Stephen Sterrett: The bad debt is 80 basis points.
Operator: If there are no further questions, I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Simon.
David Simon: Sorry, operator, jumped on you there. Thanks to everybody. We'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Shelly Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David Simon - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. David Wigginton - Macquarie Research Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank Alexander Goldfarb - UBS Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc David Harris - Lehman Brothers Ian Wiseman - Merrill Lynch Carol Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons, LLC Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Stephen Sterrett: Christy, it's Steve. We are seeing an improvement not only in deal flow as Dave and Rick have talked about, but also in a strengthening of the quality of the deals. So I do think the trends are positive. I also think one of the things to think about, and I know those other people have talked about it on their calls, but one of the things that's impacting spreads is we have had a disproportionate amount of jewelry store closings which are high-rent areas. Dave had mentioned this in his call, but to the extent that that has run its course, that drag on our spreads will cease to be there. And because the rest of the activity is getting better, you should see a natural pick up in the spreads.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: And then Steve, just following up on Prime, thinking about the timing, can you remind us was expected accretion in the Prime deal in your current guidance range, and how much did that contribute?
David Simon: This is David. I'll take the Prime question, if I could. I think the important point at this point is, we're going to update our guidance once we know the precise timing of the closing of the transaction. The fact that when we gave guidance originally, we had Prime in it from March 31. We have not backed off our guidance even though we have not had Prime since March 31. And we have reaffirmed our guidance and we will upgrade it and update it once we know the precise timing. So beyond that, Christy, I can't really shed any more light on it other than again, we had budgeted that. We told the world that, that was in our guidance for the end of the -- April 1 essentially in the second quarter. So we produced the results. We beat our own internal budget even though we had Prime in it for the whole quarter.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: Rick, you've talked in the past about things looking up for that department stores. Performance is better, balance sheets are better, but they're still sort of working on making their existing product more productive. Could that include more department store closings, or maybe even downsizings on the horizon? And would you be willing to modify REAs and other agreements to allow us to allow certain underperforming anchors to maybe sublease a portion of their box?
Richard Sokolov: That covers a lot of ground. First, David and I literally last week were with three of our major department store companies and none of them were talking about store closings. In fact, the emphasis now is looking for new opportunities and primarily, in our existing product. So we expect that to be the trend rather than store closings. Secondly, in terms of the modification of subleases, we are in -- we're always trying to make our properties better. I think David has pointed out on past calls that we've been very active with replacing underperforming anchors with better anchors, and we're going to continue to do that. So if there are things that we can do working with existing department stores that we believe will make the properties stronger, we're going to be open to have that conversation.
David Simon: And Christy, this is David. Let me just say -- and again I think we're still in an uncertain economic macro environment. But one of the things -- and we have a, I'd say, roughly 20 potential transformational redevelopments that we've been working on. We essentially put them on hold, obviously, last year. And we have reinvigorated the company to pursue those. And I think they're very exciting. It'll add a lot of opportunity for our company, and we're going to accelerate that process. And they go from South Hills in Pittsburgh; to Plaza Carolina in Puerto Rico; to La Plaza in McAllen, Texas; Dadeland; Del Amo; Nanuet; Roswell Field; the Walt Whitman. So there's a lot that we are excited about internally that we've kind of said, let's get started on.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of David Harris, Gleacher & Company.
David Harris - Lehman Brothers: I have two quick questions for you. One is a point of detail and then another big picture question for you, David. Real estate taxes were down notably in the quarter. Is that just a sort of a timing issue or are you doing something wonderful to keep your tax liabilities down?
Richard Sokolov: I think it is more of the latter, but I wouldn't categorize it as wonderful. We have an ongoing sophisticated process to make sure we believe we're being fairly assessed, reflecting the value of the properties. And that there's a whole group of people that are focused on that, and we're yielding some results by engaging with the taxing authorities on the real estate taxes.
David Harris - Lehman Brothers: So the second quarter number is a reasonable run rate, Rick?
David Simon: I believe it is. David, here's my detailed response: At times, there are recoveries. It's a little bit lumpy because at some point, you get recoveries. And obviously, if we do have those, I don't know in the top of my head if we had some recoveries in the second quarter. So sometimes, it's a little bit lumpy because you do get recoveries that you're allowed to offset against the expenses. And obviously though, Rick's point is right on, we are extremely focused that our properties are appropriately assessed.
David Harris - Lehman Brothers: I think about your company which has been public, what, for 16, 17 years. You've been through two recessions now. Can you demonstrate that your management and ownership of the underlying property performance is demonstrably better than the market? And if so, how do you use that in your discussions in terms of forming potential joint ventures or potentially talking to pension funds about transfer of assets that have perhaps underperformed under direct ownership and that could do so much better under your own ownership?
David Simon: Well, that sounds like I need a white paper to respond. But look, I think our results over the years have clearly spoken for themselves. We've transformed properties, we've upgraded our portfolio, we've produced terrific operating results in all sorts of different environments. We've made appropriate strategic decisions like the outlet business and the like. From an operating point of view, David, we get to listen to it all the time to be partners with Institutional Investors. There's not a deal that we couldn't have done with an institutional investor, and I think they look and welcome our ability to partner with us. And I'm sure we could probably back all these statements up with numbers if you give us some time. And maybe, that's a good assignment for us but there's no question in my mind that over the years, our performance and our results have certainly indicated that we're better than just what the general economic environment could produce. I don't know if you guys want to add anything to it.
David Harris - Lehman Brothers: My thinking is along these lines, David, is that clearly your focus has been from beginning of the year, let's look at the opportunities in the U.S. And clearly, your pursuit of general growth ended when it did. And I'm thinking, where does Simon go in terms of potentially buying assets in what is obviously a -- there aren't that many assets to buy in the marketplace and some of those have been held for a long time. But probably with people that have perhaps underperformed in the performance of those assets relative to what you could do, is there a line of conversation you can have with those folks and say, "Look, over an extended period of time, we could do much better with this." I'm not talking about FFO or earnings per share from the corporate level. I'm talk about underlying property performance.
David Simon: Well, look, I think the evidence of our ability to do that is in a couple of cases. I mean, first of all, if you look at what we built in Asia on the Outlet side, we basically exported our talent there, and we're going to have a portfolio of 11 outlet centers that are producing close to $1,000 a foot in sales. So also, even though we just recently sold our properties, the two in Poland and the five in France, the fact of the matter is: We built them, we develop them, we lease them. We brought an institutional-quality product to those marketplaces with our guidance and our leasing expertise and the like. So I mean I think there's plenty of evidence of our ability to export our know-how. Now you don't want to do it in a way that suggests hubris because there's been plenty, plenty, certainly plenty of developers that have tried to do that and have not been able to produce the results that are necessary to be profitable overseas. I'd also point out that a number of our customer or retail tenants, have been successful on exporting their brand. So even though we have sold seven assets in Europe, the fact of the matter is, we are not foreclosing the opportunity to grow our company globally. And I think we've been successful in our efforts thus far there. And I think the ability to demonstrate that is readily apparent.
David Harris - Lehman Brothers: Is this one way to summarize what you're saying, is that you see limited opportunities to buy domestically?
David Simon: I didn't say that and I don't necessarily believe that. And look, you could say that in a point in time but I do think circumstances change and the environment that exists today, in my opinion, is not necessarily going to be the environment that exists tomorrow, the next day, and you've got to be a position to deal with that.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Jay Habermann, Goldman Sachs.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: David, you're still sitting on a pretty strong balance sheet with, as you mentioned, lots of cash and current liquidity. I'm wondering of the various options you have today, how you would rank either development, acquisitions or even looking at further paying down debt.
David Simon: Well, we're going to continue to delver if there's not the acquisition opportunities to pursue. But like I said, Jay, is that I do think I've given Rick and the team the greenlight to go re-energize our redevelopment program. And again, we have 15, 20, really transformational assets that I think are going to require meaningful capital and produce wonderful results. So there's plenty to do. Obviously, we're working in some interesting opportunities today. But look, our focus clearly has been to -- we'll pursue general growth, we work successful there. I'll leave that for you to judge that whole process. But our focus obviously has been on Prime, and we've been working very hard to get that transaction closed. And so I think, once we can get some of that done, then I think there'll be plenty of opportunities for this company.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: And just going back to leasing spreads and I guess sales, I mean the trend has clearly been positive this year in terms of sales productivity. I guess when you start to see that trend translate into some pickup in asking rents? And I guess just balancing that against retailers that continue to be pretty sensitive to occupancy cost.
David Simon: I think we're on a recovery mode. The mood is much better. I mentioned we've increased our occupancy but we're not -- it's not in the period that we were in the '06, '07 period. So I think that's still, Jay, going to still take some time to max out on lease spreads. But look, the mood's better, the demand is better and sales are increasing. So there's a lag in all of that but we feel we'll get back to kind of the spreads that we would like to see going forward. It may take a little more time but it's moving in that direction.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Quentin Velleley, Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: I'm just curious whether given the demand for mall assets at the moment, is there some kind of opportunity to start sort of recycling capital and potentially, looking at selling some of your middle-market malls?
David Simon: I think at some point, there is still a -- we like our middle-market malls that dominate a good trade area, because they have shown, historically, growth. The stuff that we'd like to sell really, is what I'll call a gum on the shoe. That market is still slow to develop, Quentin. So hopefully, maybe that comes along, there's not that many that have been earmarked for that. But to the extent that, that market starts generate, we'll move forward. Now we do have certain nonstrategic assets on the market that have some redevelopment opportunity, and they're getting more and more interest. So I think we demonstrated -- we probably sold 50 assets over the years. We certainly have recycled some of the European capital. So I think we've shown a pretty good discipline that we're prepared to recycle capital through asset sales.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: I think I saw that your joint venture partner [indiscernible] (46:15) New England portfolio is potentially selling their stake. Is that something that you would have any interest in? And if so, is there a rather first offer, or anything that you have on that?
David Simon: Well, there are contractual restrictions, Quentin, it's not appropriate to get into that. But we're working with our partner in a way, it's been a very good investment, it's been a very good partnership. And obviously, institutional investors to some extent, need to recycle capital. So there's a lot of different ways that can go, but it's been a good transaction for all of the folks involved, and we would expect that to continue whether they stay a partner or whether they exit.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: And maybe one for Steve, I just noticed in the second quarter that interest and dividend income jumped quite a lot. I'm just wondering why that was and whether that's likely or running to the third quarter?
Stephen Sterrett: Well, couple of things, Quentin, one -- and I don't know if you're comparing it to last year or to the first quarter -- but Liberty or now Capital & Counties and Capital Shopping Centres does pay at semi-annual dividend that came in the second quarter. So if you were comparing it to the first quarter, that would be part of the explanation. And we have seen rates on our short-term invested cash get marginally better, so we're investing the cash at a little bit higher rates than we've seen. Those would be the two major.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: And just the other one for the modeling, in terms of transaction costs, I know you closed the Simon Ivanhoe sale to Unibail effective July. Are they going to be any costs that come in, in the third quarter?
David Simon: Yes, I mean it's likely given that obviously, some of the transaction costs associated with Prime will continue in parts of the third quarter, so yes, hard to pinpoint that number down right now. As you know, you have the accounting change normally that would be capitalized, but Quentin, it will continue. But again, it's hard to pinpoint that number at this point.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: And then just lastly, Liz Claiborne in the Chelsea outlets, they've obviously announced that they'll be closing some of their outlets. Just wondering if you've had any discussions with them yet, and what your exposure is?
Richard Sokolov: Well, we have had ongoing discussions with them. We've got 16 outlets that are exclusively Liz, and it's about 190,000 square feet. We've got another 12 outlets that are hybrid where there is a Liz component, along with other brands from Liz Claiborne like Lucky, Kate Spade or Juicy Couture. That's about another 46,000 feet. We list our top tenants and they're not in our top tenants, so they're rental contribution to us is substantially below 1% of our minimum rent, and we're going to approach this like we approach everything else. They have their business objectives, we have ours, and we're going to work with them to hopefully come up with a mutually acceptable conclusion.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: And Rick, do you think that those license account [ph] like paying rents sort of at market, or are they below what you'd expect market rents to be?
Richard Sokolov: We think that there could be opportunity for both of us if we can come up with a thing that allows them to satisfy their objective and as ours.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Paul Morgan, Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Thinking about the short-term leases that you're signing, I know you didn't do, maybe quite as many as some of the peers. But over the past couple of years -- and what's your experience been as those have started to expire, and are tenants more interested in doing longer-term renewals now? Or are you still kind of rolling over a year at a time?
David Simon: It's a combination of both. I mean -- and again, a lot of it is retailer-specific. There is still a level of uncertainty out there. And again, a lot of it's tactical in our side, too, in terms of what we're trying to accomplish with the properties. So I'd say it's marginally better, there's marginally, probably the ability to get a little longer-term lease, but it's not dramatically different than the beginning of the year, Paul.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: And then going to the redevelopments that you mentioned, I mean that you've characterize as transformational. I mean a few years ago, transformational often included some mixed-use component or opening it up partially? I mean are these more conservative, do you think? Or is it the same type of project that you were thinking of doing four years ago?
David Simon: I mean the good news about our mixed-use stuff, it's been highly, highly successful, like domain and the residential market, has been terrific. And so we haven't had -- net-net the mixed-use elements that we brought in, the Western Hotel there has been very well received. So I think we've done a pretty good job in bringing that. But to us, the number one priority in any retail development is make it a better retail project. And I think generally speaking, now there may be certain elements that maybe there's a hotel opportunity here or there, or a residential opportunity here or there, the primary focus is on the retail aspect of it. And yes, I would say, generally, the scope may have been narrowed to some extent. So we're trying to figure out how to do it, a little bit less grandiose but not wildly different.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: And the return hurdles kind of now that we're seeing it again?
David Simon: I think the return hurdles, given the cost to construction and the demand out there for construction jobs is actually going to be pretty good, pretty consistent. Otherwise -- look, at the end of the day, if it's not, we're going to the next deal.
Paul Morgan - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Rick, you said TIs were kind of no real change there, but at least in your supplemental, what you report is about $75 billion year-to-date, which is quite a bit higher than kind of past year's run rates. And I was wondering if maybe, if some of this is just catch-up from having such a low year last year, or whether really it is certain economics of the deal environment right now or what? But it is higher than what you've reported at least over the past few years.
Stephen Sterrett: Paul, this is Steve. I think Rick's comment was more to the point that on a deal-by-deal basis -- per square foot, we haven't really seen any change in the bid in the ask on the TI side. Clearly, we've had more leasing volume this year. Our leasing volume is up about 1.5 million square feet year-over-year and that's driving the size of that number. But the composition of the deals and what deals get TAs and how much all that really hasn't changed.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Michael Gorman, Cowen and Company.
Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse: If I could just follow up on that TI question for a second, can you just walk through in this environment how you think about the allocation of TAs and the potential return on those as you sit down with tenants, especially given the strong position on your balance sheet and the cash that you have to invest. So the trade-off between potentially earning a higher rent from a tenant versus having to commit the capital?
David Simon: Well, I don't think you want to -- I don't think you want to -- I don't know, maybe I'm misunderstanding the question, but I don't think you want to get in the point where you're giving more TA and buying up rent. I think that creates an unholy alliance. And frankly, the retailers from their standpoint, they're in good capital position as well. So they want to pay market rents and market rents determined by sales productivity. So I think that the traditional way that we've done leasing still holds. We've never been -- as a company, we've always been reluctant to do some of the new, fancy, undercapitalized retailers that have a history, not to say that we've been perfect in this area, but we certainly have been, I think, at least, from what I see, externally and internally, we've always been relatively conservative in terms of putting capital at risk for tenants that are undercapitalized. But I'd say, generally, if you have a healthy retailer, you just don't get in that scenario. It's not a win-win for either side.
Stephen Sterrett: And the only thing I would add is, we, when we're doing our lease approvals, we analyze each lease based on net rent that takes into account the allowance. And we also have a very stringent credit process as our leasing agents will attest. So both of those things and to limit the allowance in relation to rent.
Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse: And David if I could turn for a second to the Outlet business. Obviously, with Prime going on -- there's been a lot of discussion about consolidation in the space. But looking at it from another perspective, you guys had great success with that property types since 2004. How do you think about the potential risk as the regional mall property tightens up, that you see more entrants into the outlets in our space, more competition for land, more competition for deals and potentially lower return hurdles going forward?
David Simon: Well, look, I do think you put on a -- you do make an excellent point, forget consolidation, there are a number of new entrants in the outlet sector. Obviously, we all saw the Taubman announcement, we think there are other mall companies out there that are looking for it and the product is in favor and we expect to see more and more developments. Tanger has announced a number of sites and they have a large pipeline. It is competitive and will remain really competitive, if not more competitive, given the new entrants and the possibilities. So I mean that's the fact of life. We're -- retail, real estate is wildly competitive. It's competitive on a local basis all the time, and so we'll just have to -- I mean we'll have to deal with it. It doesn't force us to do bad developments at low returns but obviously, there's going to be a number of new opportunities out there for the retailers to assess and participate in.
Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse: And then just one last one, maybe for Rick, can you just talk for a little bit about the performance of sort of, maybe what you would call non-traditional anchors as they've come onto your malls? Maybe some of the new releases, if it's too soon to tell, but on the other atypical anchors, how they've been performing and maybe even more so, how the wings that there on have been performing as well?
Richard Sokolov: Well, if you look in the 8-K, we are accelerating that activity and our approach is, there's nothing sacred about our 100 acres and we want to bring as much quality retailing as we can to our properties, and they have helped drive traffic. They have helped to create additional internal traffic and to the extent that they are adding users that are not otherwise available in the property, it's all very positive. So it's something that we have been very good at for a long time, and we're going to continue to do it because we think it adds an additional dimension to our properties.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Jeffrey Donnelly, Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: David, I think you guys are fairly successful winding down development and other activities ahead of this most recent downturn. And how's the specter of a slowing economy that we continue to hear about, lead you to think you differently about the tactics you're employing now in leasing, or leverage your capital allocation?
David Simon: Well, certainly capital allocation and not getting over your skis [ph] (1:00:52), there's no question about it. And I'd say to you that the -- now the redevelopment -- I'll call the transformational properties that we'd like to kickstart, is all really led by retail demand. So it's not an issue that we're forcing. I think, if anything, we don't want to force the issue on redevelopment or new development. We want the demand to be there. And if you can -- if the demand is there today, then still uncertain environment, that obviously, these centers have been around a long time and have proven to withstand a lot of different cycles and it's -- in-fill core real estate. So the answer is, we think we can make some of those work. And again, not all but will work, but there's no question about -- the last cycle here has taught us a lot, taught us that we had to have access to a lot of different forms of capital. It taught us never to over promise, to have a good relationships with our shareholders and our institutional partners. And I think we've always been -- we've done a lot of M&A stuff over the years, but we've always financed it conservatively. And certainly, as that develops, we certainly understand that going forward.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And since you mentioned the redevelopment and development -- I mean, on New England, do you think the Merrimack property as you're looking is starting will pencil to the, I guess, 12% to 14% yield you've traditionally get out of the ground up -- development and outlets? And I guess, how do you underwrite cannibalizing the other properties like such us the [indiscernible] (1:02:48) your rent them outlets?
David Simon: Well, we think its it's own separate market. And look, I think you bring up a good point. I mean the numbers that we're pro forma-ing now are less rents than we would have thought two years ago, because I think we have to be more conservative in underwriting. But we still see it as an 11% return on cost and yet, lower than what it was. . .
Stephen Sterrett: But we also carry the land for three years.
David Simon: Yes, and I think Steve is right. The land has been there for a while. Like I said, the demand is there. If the demand weren't there, we wouldn't force the issue.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And just one last question, if I could, I guess to revisit with Quentin's line of questioning on the New England assets. Is it fair to say though, that your chance -- that there's a chance that you could increase your ownership stake in some of your New England assets? And I guess as a follow-up, can you give us a little color on the Atrium? Do you think that property ceases to be a mall in the future?
David Simon: Well, there is a possibility we could increase our ownership in our Mayflower joint venture. So it could play on a lot of different ways, but that's certainly a possibility. Atrium, in our opinion, probably needs to be redeveloped, and there's a great opportunity in doing that. We think we just have other better uses of our energy in terms of what we're trying to accomplish. So that's why us and our partners have decided to put that on the market. Obviously, we're price sensitive in terms of it is a very good real estate. But ultimately, it's less of a retail development and it's more of an alternative use, which is just -- not that we couldn't do it, but just not our core competency and we'd rather focus on retail.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Nathan Isbee, Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just going back to the same-store NOIs, your original guidance is 1% to 1.5% positive for the total portfolio, you're tracking 2.3% through the first six months. Where would you peg that now for the full year?
David Simon: Well, can I just say, Nate, before I answer, I just want to say, I saw Dave [David Fick] is retiring. I want obviously, everybody from our side, wish him well. He's been a -- and I'm going to miss his barbs.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: He gave me a long lessons before he left on how to do it.
David Simon: I get that scent some of that may have rubbed off. But hopefully, we can handle it. But he's been obviously, a very well thought of analyst and we just want to pass on our best wishes to Dave and we will miss his barbs, but I'm sure you'll pick up on that front.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'll do my best.
David Simon: In any event, your question on top NOI, there's still uncertainty with it. But if we can maintain that, I will be very, very pleased given where we originally projected.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So you're not willing to change that yet?
David Simon: I'm not willing to change it at this point. But look, I do think the fact that we've reaffirmed our guidance given what I described about Prime, indicates to you that what we're doing -- I'm pleased with how we're performing at this point.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then just moving to Prime for a minute in the papers here, a few weeks ago, there was a little blurb about Prime giving notice to the state of Maryland by September 5, they plan to dial back their home office significantly. Is there anything to read into that, Dave?
David Simon: No, other than what I've described to you, there's nothing more than I can add.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then just going back to the outlets in general, you had mentioned Tanger's pipeline, they've mentioned looking at 17 sites currently in addition to three that are more live. When you look at the landscape, I mean over the last 15, 20 years, it's there's been a net decline in outlet centers in the U.S. How much can this country -- how many more centers can this country absorb in your mind as you look at it?
David Simon: Well, the answer is we're going to find out. I do think there's going to be number of centers built, so we'll find out. But there are a number of centers planned. There's very confident developers that are going to do that, obviously Tanger's successful in their developments, Taubman's a very good developer. They'll be very successful. There's a number of potential conversions that are taking place like what Vornado did with Bergen. Even though I really like to know his returns, he won't tell me, but -- no, I'm just kidding -- I think he's done a very good job on Bergen Town Center. There's a number of malls that are looking to conversions. So it's clear that consumer wants value and it's clear that there's going to be a lot more new and redeveloped centers focused on value for the benefit of the consumers and for the benefit of the retailers. And whether we'll do it too much or not, remains to be seen. I think our industry always pushes the envelope. I would think if you saw some of the developments that occurred and that have stopped over the years, over the last couple of years, you could see that we pushed the envelope. I would not be surprised that if we didn't push the envelope here. But there's a lot of new opportunities out there, and they're being pursued by very competent developers, both on new and redeveloped formats for the outlets sector.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So how many sites is Simon/Chelsea looking at today?
David Simon: Our focus obviously has just been on Prime, but we -- besides Merrimack we probably have two or three in the U.S. that we're looking at. And I will tell you this though, we're very focused on our Asian outlets, Nate. We've been very successful there. We're very excited about Singapore market, Malaysia. We're very excited about what's going on in Korea and Japan, despite all of the macro stuff there, our centers are performing very well there. So our ability in brand might grow reasonably well in the outlet side in the U.S. and outside the U.S. And I will mention -- Rick's pointing to me -- I do think it's important to note that we're also expanding a few of our outlet centers here in the U.S. and that will also happen, I think, in our industry.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Carol Kemple, Hilliard, Lyons.
Carol Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons, LLC: David, earlier on the call, I think you said something that Prime was going to retain interest in three of their centers?
David Simon: That is correct.
Carol Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons, LLC: And what is the reason for that? Is that they sold better capital-wise? Or is that something the FTC wanting them to do?
David Simon: I really can't add more, Carol, than I've already told you.
Carol Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons, LLC: Can you add or can you say if it's going to change the purchase price?
David Simon: There has been a modification to the transaction and I can't say that the capital that Prime would receive as part of the transaction will allow Prime to go develop. I guess I should have mentioned this to Nate's call or question, it will allow them to go develop their deal in Livermore and Grande Prairie and that's their intention to do so.
Carol Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons, LLC: And in the quarter, were the leasing spreads positive both malls and the outlet centers or just the outlet centers?
David Simon: We put those statistics together. Obviously, the malls have a significant impact on the results given that they're in the 75%, 80% range of our domestic NOI in that number, so -- but we don't break that out now, Carol.
Carol Kemple - J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons, LLC: Okay, I did know. I need it break it out percentage, but I didn't know if you could comment in general.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Ben Yang, Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I'm just curious how much of the occupancy gain was attributable to you converting your month-to-month tenant into longer-term deals. Because it looks like you have about 200 fewer tenants compared to last quarter. I mean did you just convert most of this 900,000 square feet into longer-term deals? Or did these guys just end up closing their stores?
Richard Sokolov: Interestingly, for the most part, we have been transitioning to more national tenant as opposed to the month-to-month. And a lot of times, the month-to-month is because we don't want to go longer-term because we want to have a room to split. We want to combine rooms for a different tenant who will pay more rent. So this was not really a process of a lot of month-to-month conversions.
Stephen Sterrett: And Ben, this is Steve, I would just add one more thing and Rick and David talk a lot on our calls over the last four or five quarters about consciously slowing down the leasing activity because of the difficulty in the environment. So that month-to-month number was to some degree, the result of a lease expiring where we chose and the tenant chose not to a year ago, or nine months ago, enter into a permanent deal. We are now, if you will, addressing that given the recovery in the economy.
David Simon: And Steve's right, I mean, I don't know what the exact number is, but it's -- certainly some of those month-to-month is going to longer-term leases.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: So it sounds like most of them ended up just closing their stores and maybe just -- is that fair?
David Simon: Yes, we suffered a lot of store closings. That's for sure.
Benjamin Yang - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: And then you mentioned some actually converting some Prime leases. When you do make those conversions, does that number show up in your re-leasing spread?
Richard Sokolov: It does. If a temporary tenant converts to a permanent deal, then we treat it as a new lease, that's correct.
Operator: And the question will come from the line of Michael Mueller, JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On the development JVs in France, can you give us a sense as to how much Simon capital could potentially go into that, for what time frame it'll begin to play out?
David Simon: We're only laughing because the build perhaps is a long, frustrating process. Mike, right now, to pursue the development is not going to be a lot of money for us. And as an example, the Toulouse development itself could be north of a couple of hundred million euros. But again, this timing and the approvals is really uncertain. So I would hate to venture, but for us to keep our optionality alive, it will be -- not a very big number.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So it's longer-term stuff and...
David Simon: Yes, it is. I mean the biggest one of which is on the potential front burners, the development in Toulouse that all of us are Unibail, us, as well as Ivanhoe Cambridge are excited about pursuing. But again, that needs to go through a certain process. Don't ever ask me to explain it.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Steve, going back to the TI question, I previously had down -- looking through notes -- in 2010, maybe $75 million on the low end, the $100 million on the high end. I mean, what's the full year expectation now for TIs?
Stephen Sterrett: Michael, I mean we've had an increase in velocity. So wouldn't necessarily expect it to be 2x on what it was in the first six months. But I think it will clearly be at that $100 million or a little bit north range. And I think that's just an increase in the lease and the losses.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then, I mean when we look at debt maturities over the next year or so, a lot less bonds maturing in 2011 than we saw in '10 and '09. I mean how should we think -- are you thinking differently about what a more normalized cash position is?
David Simon: Well, that's a very good question, I mean the answer is yes. Eventually, we're going to have kind of a normalized number. I can't -- it'd be hard for me to pinpoint exactly today what that is as we still try to sort through the uncertain economic environment. But today, we're over capitalized, not wildly over capitalized but we have reduced our debt by $2 billion. We're generating positive cash flow. Our dividend is obviously very safe and sound. So at the end of the day, we want to kind of just still be a little more thoughtful and more cautious as to where the economic environment comes out. Obviously, there's the deflation specter out there. There's a lot to weigh in to that, that we've got to continue to be just really extra conservative in our thought process for the time being.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of David Wigginton, Macquarie.
David Wigginton - Macquarie Research: Just had a couple of quick follow ups on lease term fees in the quarter, was that -- I mean, kind of spiked up in the quarter, I wasn't sure that, that was a result of the jewelry store closings you had mentioned? Or that there is something else that at play into that?
David Simon: There were a couple of those and another. We don't like to name the tenant, but there were a couple of deals that where store closings were negotiated. And again, that's not in our comparable NOI numbers. But I just prefer not to name the tenants, but there was one aspect of jewelry retailer that exited the business, so that did spike up because of that.
David Wigginton - Macquarie Research: So in just staying with the jewelers, where would you say we are sort of in the shakeout process among operators at this point of the cycle or whatnot? I mean, have we worked our way to the majority of jewelers that needed to just shut down and go out of business? Or are there more to come?
David Simon: I would think that a lot has taken place. So I think we're past for a lot of that, but there's still probably excess capacity in the jewelry retail space overall. So I mean it's like the restaurants in the sense the restaurants given the demand of -- I don't know, close 1% of the restaurant spaces in America. So I still think there's probably a little bit more to go, but I would say, we've gone through a lot of it.
David Wigginton - Macquarie Research: And I recognize that the split amongst foreclosings just probably pretty evenly crush your portfolio, but have you noticed any like excessive closings, say, in one segment of your portfolio versus another, meaning like maybe the higher end or the lower end?
David Simon: Not really. I mean I think the regional economies have a lot to impact, but not necessarily a particular property type.
David Wigginton - Macquarie Research: With respect to sales increases leading to rent increases, I mean, historically, what has been the timeline, I've been observing your portfolio, if anything you guys -- is it different from what you would expect to see in general in a regular mall portfolio? Or do you feel like you were able to capture pricing power quicker than maybe most mall operators?
David Simon: No, I think we're no different than -- there's a lag and there's also a certain level of certainty that the retailer wants as they see their sales increase. I mean if they have a good quarter, it doesn't necessarily mean -- they are open to buys might increase, but they're still going to be pretty conservative on the rent and to the sales ratio. So there's a lag and it's a macro impact and we're no better than anybody else in that category in terms of being able to accelerate that gap.
David Wigginton - Macquarie Research: I mean is just a matter of them seeing several quarters, consecutive quarters of sales increases that gets them going?
David Simon: I think it's also very specific on the retailer and the position that they're in and what they're trying to do. Are they trying to gain market share? Are they trying to penetrate a regional market further? So there's a lot that goes into it. But generally, the retailers are taking a reasonably conservative stance, and rightfully so, just like we are in a lot of respects.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Rich Moore, RBC Capital Markets.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: On the dividend, David, where do you guys stand on that? It seems to me that you're at some sort of a minimum payout ratio at this point and you got to raise the dividend? Does that sound right?
David Simon: You're warm.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: So not yet, but getting there?
David Simon: Look, I think we're going to have to assess. Obviously, our taxable income is going to be affected by the Simon Ivanhoe sale. So we have to factor that in and obviously, we're going to spend the next four or five months doing that. But in addition to that, Rich, I think as a look at '11, our taxable income, there's a lot of stuff that is going on with us in terms of our taxable income, we have the share issuance, we had more shares outstanding, we had the taxable write-off associated with the bond premium that we paid. Assuming all of that kind of just normalized, we spend this year normalizing all of that, then I look at '11 and again, it's obviously, we're projecting an economic environment, but '11. But let's assume it's consistent with what we have, I mean we are -- I would venture to say at the bare, bare minimum of what we need to pay given where we are today. So that will definitely have to be addressed on a more permanent basis in '11, as a lot of the extraordinary events of the last year have played themselves out.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then Steve, on the straight-line rent item, that seem to jump pretty high the quarter. Is there anything special in there? And that, does it go back down from here?
Stephen Sterrett: Nothing really special, Rich. And again, we talked about leasing velocity being higher, that tends to be driven by strictly [ph] (1:25:16) of deals you're doing so...
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then same kind of thing on the preferred dividends for I and that was actually negative. I assume that some sort of accounting treatment for the retirement of the I, is that right?
Stephen Sterrett: Yes, it's just a cleanup and a true up for the redemption of the item we did in the first quarter.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then on the recoveries, the recovery ratio, that was also a bit higher than usual? Is that going to continue you think?
Stephen Sterrett: Well, I mean we're in an environment now, Rich, where we're 80% converted to fixed TM [ph] (1:25:49), most of those have contractual annual increases in the recovery. So to the extent that we're able to manage our expenses at a rate below that, you should see the recovery continue to get better.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then last thing, Rick, the list of retailers that are hot today, or that are getting hotter in the second quarter, have you got that?
Richard Sokolov: Well, we always hesitate to do that because everybody else then starts to call them. But we are doing deals in '10, PS by Aero is rolling out, Sperry and Stride Rite from Collective Brands, Michael Kors, Rue 21, Francesca. We're doing Microsoft deals, we're doing Pandora deals, LEGO Crazy 8 with Gymboree and Forever 21, as David has alluded to. There is a little bit higher velocity of tenant interest, and we're hopefully taking advantage of that.
David Simon: And on the box side, Rich, we have Target, Kohl's, I mean they're looking for moral opportunities so that bodes well for us as well.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Ian Wiseman, ISI.
Ian Wiseman - Merrill Lynch: Just a housekeeping question for Steve, the $13 million of transaction costs that you had this quarter, is that related to Prime? And if so, can we expect similar expenses for the balance of the year?
Stephen Sterrett: No, it's not just Prime, Ian. It's a combination of all, multiple transactions that we were working on. So some of which will occur, some of which didn't occur.
David Simon: Yes, I mean, I said, Ian, earlier that we'll continue to have Prime expenses in the third quarter, but that's a higher run rate and then obviously, upon the that transaction closing, as we expect that, that number ought to, obviously come down.
Operator: And this concludes the question-and-answer portion of today's call. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. David Simon for closing remarks.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you, everybody for participating. We look forward to talking to you in the future. Take care.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2010 Simon Property Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Diana and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Ms. Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Shelly Doran: Thank you. Welcome to Simon Property Group's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that statements made during this call that are not historical may be deemed forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe its important to note that todays call includes time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of todays date, July 30, 2010. During today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures which defined with the SEC's Regulation G. Reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included within the earnings release or the company's supplemental information package that was included in this morning's Form 8-K. This package is also available on the Simon website, in the Investors section under Financial Information, Quarterly Supplemental Packages. Participating in todays call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David Simon: Okay. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. I'll just give a few minutes of overview, and then we'll open it up for some Q&A. First, on the financial and operational front, we reported FFO of $1.38 per diluted share for the quarter, which was $0.04 above first call consensus estimates, and which was also burdened by over $0.03 of nonrecurring transaction expenses for the quarter. In addition, we continue to lead our peer group in comparable property net operating income generating 1.9% growth in the second quarter of 2010, and 2.3% for the six-month period. Drivers in this leading comparable NOI include: Revenue and rent growth, increases in occupancy, higher percentage rents as a result of increasing sales in our continued and effective cost control on management, as well as reduction in bad debt compared to the previous period given the lower bankruptcies. As of 6/30, comparable sales on a rolling 12-month basis were $474 per square foot, as compared to $456 per square foot last year. Tenant reported sales, 4.9% higher during the second quarter as compared to the second quarter of 2009. And on a year-to-date basis, reported sales for six months ended June 30, were 6.2% higher as compared to the same period in 2009. As of 6/30, our occupancy was 93.1%, 90 basis points higher than 3/31, and 80 basis points higher than one year ago. At June 30, the re-leasing spread for our trailing 12 months was $0.50 per square foot, or 1.2%. Leasing spreads have been impacted by a number of jewelry store closings. But I also want you to keep in mind that this is just base rent. We've had an increase in our CAM of at least that number, if not more. And we'd also like you to keep in mind that our increase in occupancy of 90 basis points, or 700,000 square feet includes some leasing and some tougher locations that we were able to accomplish in the second quarter. Demand for space continues to improve. The ICSC convention was positive. Leasing activity has increased, and we fully executed 6.3 million square feet in new leases and renewals in the first six months of 2010 in malls and outlets as compared to 4.7 million square feet in the first six months of 2009. Finally, in Operational, I just want to say, the important point is that our year-to-date comparable NOI is up 2.3%, with higher sales, higher occupancy and positive leasing spreads. Dispositions, let me move to that and acquisition activity. As we disclosed in our earnings release, we sold one asset in our GCI joint venture property, Porta di Roma, where we had a 19.6% interest, and our gain in that was $20 million. Of course, this is not included in FFO. And on July 15, we completed the previously announced sale of Simon Ivanhoe, our 50/50 European joint venture with Ivanhoe Cambridge. We received EUR 750 million, and Simon property group expects to record a gain of approximately $280 million on the transaction in the third quarter. We also entered into a JV with Unibail and Ivanhoe Cambridge to pursue the development of four new retail projects in France. We'll have a 25% interest in this venture and have the ability to determine on a project-by-project basis whether to retain our ownership interest. On May 13, we acquired the 345,000 square-foot outlet center from Prime, the Puerto Rico asset. In addition, on May 28, we increased our ownership interest of approximately 19% in Houston, which culminates in over a 50% interest in this terrific asset. The combined cost of these acquisitions was approximately $385 million and including the assumption of the existing indebtedness. Let me turn to the Capital Markets. In the first six months of the year, we paid off $700 million of senior unsecured notes. We've also unencumbered three malls, paying off approximately $800 million of mortgages in maturity. In July, we unencumbered two additional malls with $282 million of mortgages. The net result is we reduced our leverage by over $2 billion in the last seven months.  The secured markets continue to improve both on the life insurance market, as well as the CMBS. The other day, we've closed seven new loans totaling $900 million, $515 million was from life companies, $330 million from CMBS placements and $55 million from bank loan. We've also locked rate in the third quarter of another $500 million of loans, $375 million coming from insurance companies, $125 million from CMBS originations. These three loans will have a weighted average of 5.3% and a term of 10 years.  At the end of the quarter, we had $2.6 billion of cash on hand, including our share of JVs, and the availability on our corporate credit facility, including the Simon Ivanhoe sale that occurred in July, which we used the partial proceeds to pay down our euro tranche of our revolver. We'll have $3.5 billion, so a total capital availability of over $6.1 billion. Development activity, we are higher than our budget given improving economic conditions. We originally budget around $100 million. We think we'll end up spending close to $200 million, and we expect to have double-digit returns on this capital. We're also excited to announce that we'll start the construction of Merrimack premium outlets in Merrimack, New Hampshire this fall with our projected opening in 2012. And we have two outlet centers undergoing significant expansions, Houston Premium Outlets and Las Vegas Outlet Centers. Also, we've done a very good job in our tactical projects, redevelopment opportunities as we've re-claimed certain departments locations and big boxes. During the first six month of 2010, we opened 14 new anchors for big boxes, including Nordstrom, Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond, H.H. Gregg. In addition, we have 15 additional stores under construction and schedule to open in 2010 and again, they include Forever 21, Whole Foods, Crate & Barrel and Target. On the international front, there are two new Premium Outlet Centers projected to open in 2010: Paju Premium in South Korea commenced construction in late March, that's in the northern part of Seoul; and Johor Premium Outlets is going to break ground in August, that will serve the Singaporean market. We're partnering with the Genting Group, a well-known and well-respected company in Malaysia and throughout the world. And on completion in 2011, we will have 11 premium outlet centers in Asia.  Now let me turn to Prime and then we're prepared to open up for questions. Our acquisition of Prime Retail is to be reviewed by the FTC, and we are fully cooperating in that review. I wanted to give you a couple of updates on the specifics of the deal. As I mentioned, we closed on the Puerto Rican asset of the outlet, of Prime's outlet center, and we're currently in the process of negotiating leases for all of the vacant space and once those with leases are executed, we'll be 100% occupied. We subsequently amended our agreement with Prime so that they will retain its Saint Augustine center, as well as its Livermore and Grand Prairie development projects.  And as we noted in our May conference call, U.S. antitrust authorities have consistently recognized that the retail industry is highly competitive and fragmented. Retailers have many options to choose from when deciding where to sell their merchandise, including both a variety of brick-and-mortar locations. And of course, the Internet, where sales growth has exploded in recent years.  We have received an overwhelming show of support from this deal from our retailer tenants. They recognized the highly competitive nature of this business and our acquisition will provide a significant amount of new capital to a company currently in financial distress, and put that capital to work to improve the operations of Prime assets and therefore, improve the retailers' performance in those centers. We remain confident that we will close the remainder of the transaction. And as noted in our release, we have reaffirmed our 2010 guidance and once precise timing of the closing of Prime transaction is known, we will provide an upgrade to our guidance upon that inclusion. So finally, let me just say, I am proud of our organization and the quarter that we produced given all of the continuing uncertainty in the economic environment, and we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from the line of Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Just going back to Prime. Just want to get a little more color here. I mean, United and Continental only announced the deal a few months ago, with EU has already approved that. What are your advisers and what is the FTC saying that's just taking so long on this?
David Simon: Alexander, I'd love to be able to comment further on it but you'll just have to rely on the statements that I've made. And again, we remain confident, but I really don't have much to add beyond what I've mentioned.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: And then switching to leasing. I just want to get sort of an update on where you think TIs are going to end up this year? And then if we look at the re-leasing spreads over the next -- or the rent roll over the next few years, if we think about $38 being the sort of market and sort of $34 rent rolls, should we expect sort of 12% re-leasing spreads over the next few years?
David Simon: Well, look, I think a lot's been -- we've read some of the analytic research today about the rent spreads and I think we need to park in back on a couple of things. One is last year was a tough, tough year. And as you know, we did a number of things to help our retailers survive last year. And as those leases have been executed, has put undeniably so pressure on our leasing spreads. So what we're seeing in our results is exactly what we expected. And in fact, I think the guidance that we gave to you early in this year actually, we thought we would have comparable NOI down, and we're actually performing much better than we anticipated. I think as the market stabilizes, we're convinced that we've got the ability to continue to generate positive leasing spreads that we have done historically as a public company for the last 17 years. So we are not immune to the economic environment that's occurred over the last 18 months. I'm proud of what we've done. The fact that we still have positive leasing spreads is a testament to the quality of our portfolio, testament to our positive relationships with our tenants and a testament to the organization. And I'd also say we leased -- we increased our occupancy and in this market, that's something to be proud of. So bottom line, long winded, this is -- sales increases, certainly rents are related to the ability to deal with, to rent increases given that we've seen rent stabilized and sales are moving in the right direction. We feel good that we'll continue to generate positive leasing spreads.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: And then the TI expectation for the year?
Stephen Sterrett: TIs have not shown any appreciable change. We're still basically seeing the same amount of TIs that we've had historically.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: So like 75, or so for this year is fine?
Stephen Sterrett: I believe that's about where our run rate has been for the TIs.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Jeff Spector Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: Actually, its Craig Schmidt here. Actually, I wanted to talk on the -- you had a very strong sequential pickup in occupancy, the 90 bps. And I guess in part, it sounds like you were able to lease some of the tougher locations you were saying. But as we look at the third and Fourth quarter, should the sequential gains slow, or are there still more tough locations you think you can get leased up in the last half of the year?
Richard Sokolov: Craig, this is Rick. We are still seeing a good flow of deals. Remains to be seen how much more we can sequentially increase on a 90 bp gain, but we should be able to hold those gains year over year.
David Simon: And certainly, historically, there is a pickup in occupancy as we go into the third and fourth quarter, so I would hope that we continue to do that. Obviously, there was one reasonable-sized bankruptcy, Premier Salon. We don't think there's a lot more but that's always the unknown. But we think that will move in the right direction.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: And do you have a sense of where the occupancy might actually end up end of the year?
David Simon: Again, I think it will be positive. I wouldn't want to pinpoint the number at this point. But we were, again, looking for flat occupancy compared to last year but I think in our guidance, we'll be able to do better than that.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Christy McElroy, UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: I know how much you guys love questions on re-leasing spreads. I've realized that the stores, they're opening now, are reflective of some of the tough releases that were signed last year or over the last couple of quarters. Can you give us a sense for what kind of spreads you're seeing on the small-shop leasing that you're doing today and is that sort of giving you the confidence in the forward-looking comments?

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelly Doran  Vice President, Investor Relations David E. Simon  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer  Richard S. Sokolov  President, Chief Operating Officer Stephen E. Sterrett  Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P. Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley  Steve Sakwa  ISI Group  Jim Sullivan  Cowan & Co.  Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs Craig Schmidt  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Co.  Ben Yang  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors  Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Christy McElroy - UBS Ross Nussbaum - UBS Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc. 
Operator: Welcome to the Q1 2010 Simon Property Group earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Miss Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Shelly Doran:  Thank you. Welcome to Simon Property Groups first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Please be aware that statements made during this call that are not historical may be deemed forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a detailed discussion of these terms.  Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe its important to note that todays call includes time sensitive information that may be accurate only as of todays date, April 30, 2010.  The companys supplemental information package was filed earlier today as Form 8-K. The filing is available via mail or email and it is posted on the Simon website in the Investors section under Financial Information, Quarterly Supplemental Packages.  Participating in todays call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon. 
David Simon:  Good morning everybody. Thanks everyone for joining us. We will give you the highlights and then open it up for questions.  First of all we reported FFO as adjusted for the first quarter of $1.41. FFO after the loss on extinguishment of debt related to our January tender offer was $0.94 per share, $0.09 above First Call estimates. Per share amounts reflect the impact of the issuance of 52.1 million shares of common stock through public offerings and dividends in 2009. In the first quarter of 2010 the impact to FFO per share of that activity was $0.17 per share.  It was a good quarter operationally and financially with consumers spending more in our centers. Our retailers are feeling better about their business and the debt markets are strengthening. We are clearly seeing the impact of an economic recovery that is beginning to surface in our results. However, we continue to believe the recovery may be slow and there will be challenges in the weeks and months ahead.  I will walk you through some of our key operating statistics. Beginning with this quarter we modified the reporting of statistics of our U.S. business by combining our malls and our outlets. We made this change for several reasons including it is more representative of our enter enterprise performance. Combined together these assets represent over 86% of our net operating income.  The historically bright line between malls and outlets is becoming more blurred every day. Many tenants are leasing space in both property types. Tenants that have historically operated in outlet centers are now leasing space in malls as well as other venues including strips and street level shops and traditional mall tenants are now opening concepts in the outlets. We also consolidated the back office of the premium outlet business into our Indianapolis infrastructure last year.  We believe this is an improved methodology but understand it may take time for you to adjust your models. Therefore, to assist in that process we have provided historical data for occupancy, sales, rent and leasing activity on a combined basis for 2005 through 2009 in the 8-K we filed this morning.  We continue to lead our peer group in comparable property net operating income growth generating 2.5% growth in the first quarter. The drivers of that increase in comparable NOI include much improved bad debt expense as well as a reduction in the bankruptcies in 2010, higher overage rent due to sales growth as well as our continued focus on cost control in home office and field.  As of 03/31 comparable sales on a rolling 12 month basis was $467 per square foot. Sales growth accelerated in the first quarter with tenants reporting sales 6.6 higher during the first quarter of 2010 as compared to the first quarter of 2009. We also saw a very strong improvement in the month of March with sales growth of 10.6% compared to March 2009 partially aided by the shift of Easter. Sequential quarterly occupancy changes from 12/31/09 were in line with historical trends and were consistent with our budget. As of 03/31 occupancy was 92.2%, ten basis points higher than a year ago. Now beginning with the first quarter of 2010 the releasing spread is being reported on a rolling 12 month basis. This spread was $2.11 per square foot or 5.2% and we are seeing improvement in leasing activity in 2010. The first quarter spread under our old reporting method for the first three months of 2010 was at $2.69 per square foot or 7.2%. Demand for space continues to improve as the economy recovers and tenants continue to experience positive sales trends.  In January we commenced a tender offer to purchase for cash outstanding notes maturing in 2011, 2012 and 2013. $2.285 billion of the bonds we tendered at a weighted average interest cost of 5.76% and our duration of two years. We reported a loss on this of $166 million which is what was recorded in our first quarter with this transaction and obviously we told you about that as soon as the transaction was done in January.  Concurrently we sold $2.25 billion of senior unsecured notes. Our largest ever notes offering. We had a great book. Our orders totaled $10 billion. The average duration was 14.4 years and the weighted average coupon was 5.69%. As a result of this activity we extended the duration of our senior unsecured notes with no overall increase in our weighted average interest rate.  During the quarter we paid off $300 million of senior unsecured notes that matured on 03/18 and unencumbered two malls totaling $282 million of mortgages as well as paid our cash loss on the extinguishment of debt of $166 million.  Subsequent to the completion of the companys new unsecured corporate facility in December of 2009 five additional banks have added a total of $280 million increasing our borrowing capacity to $3.845 billion. The facility has an accordion feature allowing borrowing capacity increase to as much as $4 billion. As of March 31, 2010 we had $3.6 billion of cash on hand including our share of joint venture cash. Approximately $10 per share, the availability of our corporate credit facility of $3.2 billion for a total liquidity position of $6.8 billion. Additionally, we anticipate generating over $750 million of free flow after the payment of our dividend. We also declared an all cash dividend of $0.60 per share.  At this time I would like to make a statement regarding our acquisition of Prime Outlets. First let me say we expect to close this transaction per our definitive agreement. The Federal Trade Commission is reviewing the transaction. We have met with the FTC and are fully cooperating in that review. As you may know the U.S. anti-trust authorities have consistently recognized the retail real estate industry is highly competitive and fragmented and is one of the only industries exempted from Hart-Scott-Rodino filing requirements.  Tenants whether they are discount retailers, manufacturers or otherwise can and do lease retail space in a variety of locations. According to recent estimates there is approximately 14 billion square feet of retail space in the U.S. approximately half of which is space in shopping centers of all kinds. Our assets comprise only 3.5% of the total shopping center space. In addition to the wide variety of physical sites, e-commerce websites and mail order catalogs have become established as powerful retail outlets and only a small percentage of U.S. off-price retail sales are conducted through retail outlets located in the properties owned by SPG and Prime.  This will be my only comment today regarding this transaction.  Let me conclude, as I stated in the morning release the year is off to a positive start for the company. We reported solid results and are encouraged by the trend of the retailer sales. Our retailers are exhibiting more confidence in their business. We are seeing increased inventory in the stores. The environment for new store openings is slowly improving. The tone in the secured debt market has significantly and positively changed in the last two quarters with the re-emergence of structured secured lending and the continued activity from life companies. Strong sponsorship remains a critical component for lenders.  With that in mind during the first quarter we have circled two tenure transactions totaling $515 million at an average interest rate of 5.95%. We expect to lock rate within the next month on two more tenured fixed rate transactions comprising approximately $550 million at even lower rate spreads than in the first quarter. All of our 2010 secured debt maturities are done.  While we do not believe demand exists for any new non-outlet development projects we are selectively spending capital dollars on expansions of selected international activities all with expected double digit returns. We are adding 116,000 square feet to Houston Premium Outlets. We are adding anchors and box tenants at more than 20 regional malls, Mills and community centers. We started construction on our second Premium Outlet center in South Korea as well as expansions of two premium outlets in Japan.  Once again we believe we are well positioned to continue to deliver solid results in 2010 and as a result we have increased our bottom end of our 2010 FFO guidance by $0.05 per share. So with that operator we are ready for some questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: I wanted to ask some questions on the general growth. Sort of for perspective what has been the feedback as you have had your discussions as far as the warrants from the boards perspective? Are they viewing the warrants as something that would disrupt the bid or are they viewing that as an integral part of the alternative proposal for the company? 
David Simon :  I dont really know other than to say that there is no reason to issue warrants when we have a better deal economically more certain better sponsorship, a better diverse group of investors. So I dont know why they would issue any warrants given the current state of play. It doesnt compute from my perspective. 
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: The second part on the [JTP] is what is the dynamic? I think earlier the unsecured creditor committee came out in support of you guys but given that Fair Home and Pershing own a good chunk of that what is your sense of the dynamics between the unsecured creditors committee and the respective unsecured debt holders themselves? 
David Simon :  I cant speak for Fair Home or Pershing Square. I can only tell you we have had positive support from the creditors committee. They view our deal as more certain and we think they will continue to support us. 
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: On the guidance, two line items for your lease term expectations for the year and provision for credit losses, and then as far as Prime goes should we be assuming that in our numbers for this year and is that in your guidance or what is your recommendation to us as far as our estimates? 
David Simon :  I will let Steve answer the first two. Let me just say on Prime, as we said at the beginning of the year Prime is in our guidance and when we issued our guidance earlier in the year we anticipated an earlier close to Prime. So we are not going to pinpoint exactly for you at this moment when we expect it to close. We do expect it to close but the fact of the matter is we havent changed our guidance. In fact we have increased the bottom end even though what we gave you initially we have been delayed from what we thought we would close Prime. 
Stephen Sterrett :  I will talk a minute about the other two items you asked about. The bad debt expense as you did see we actually had a recovery in the first quarter. I wouldnt expect that trend to continue although as I look at the landscape right now I do think bad debt expense will be relatively muted throughout the rest of the year but I would expect to see some expense, not necessarily a recovery. On the lease settlement side we did have a spike in activity in the first quarter.  Historically we run about $5 million a quarter. $4-5 million of just ordinary course of business and I would expect the run rate for the rest of the year, the remaining three quarters, to kind of fall back to that historical level. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley : On the outlets versus the malls I think I understand why you are combining them. For 2009 there was about a 500 basis point difference in same store NOI growth and you are up in the first quarter. Could you talk about the contributing factors and whether that disparity is consistent with when you last broke it out? 
David Simon : The disparity has narrowed and we had positive comparable property growth in the mall business. If you just look at the mall assets for the first quarter. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley : The lease spreads, the rent on expirations was much higher than what you reported previously. Obviously your lease terms were way up. I wonder if those are related and whether we might see that number as a blip that comes back down based on maybe some closings of planned stores or if that is not accurate? 
Stephen Sterrett :  We clearly are seeing some positive momentum in the leasing business. I think David mentioned in his prepared remarks if you look at just the first quarter activity on a standalone basis the spread was actually almost $3 a foot. I would not expect it to be a blip. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley : My question was whether that high number on expiring rent isyour average for the year was quite a bit lower than reported in the first quarter of $40.71. Is that indicative of anything specific relative to what closed in the first quarter? 
Stephen Sterrett :  No. Dont forget our business is such that a lot of the leases are still geared towards the retailer year-end so we have the largest expirations at January 31 but it is not reflective of anything different. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley : Maybe you could talk a little bit about where you are seeing open to buys increase and maybe a little bit of clarity on whether you are seeing kind of more activity from some of the bigger footprint type stores? 
Richard Sokolov :  Let me do first on the specialty store tenants across all of the platforms it is obviously a more constructive leasing environment. We have a number of tenants that are now coming back and wanting to open the stores in 2010 that they otherwise might have opened in 2008. There are a number of new concepts like PS by Aero that are moving ahead. Sperry and Stride Rite from Collective Brands and we are looking at a lot of deals with Microsoft. As you know they opened two stores. One of the two is in our property and it is performing very well and they are excited and we are excited they are looking to grow their footprint.  On the box area if you look at the schedule we have in the 8-K you are going to see an increasing amount of activity there as well and the thing to remember is the development today is probably at 40 year lows as David referenced so that is certainly playing into our hands to absorb the existing inventory. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa  ISI Group. 
Steve Sakwa  ISI Group : I wanted to try and continue the line of questioning from Paul. If we look at where you opened leases in the quarter and you kind of look at the lease expiration schedule I guess what I am trying to really figure out is if [Kelsey] has historically had 30% rent spreads and the malls were sort of slipping last year
David Simon :  Let me interrupt you. We also had positive rent spreads in the mall assets. Again, remember there is a lot more activity just given the size of the portfolio malls versus outlets. So if that is what you are headed to we had positive in both. Again, the expirations for the quarter maybe there is some unusual
Richard Sokolov :  The mix can change. 
David Simon : Yes, the mix can change. 
Steve Sakwa  ISI Group : My question was really I am trying to think when you were giving guidance and talking about the business I thought late last year and the beginning part of this year you thought that the mall spreads would be down and maybe closer towards the single digit range or very low double digits versus the spreads that had been closer to 20%. Now that you are kind of merging these together we have to think of them as kind of one number, what do you think spreads collectively for both the malls and outlets will be this year? 
David Simon :  I think it is going to be consistent with our guidance. The specific number I think we would have to get back to you on. We dont see a big change in the business. 
Steve Sakwa  ISI Group : Rick, talking about open to buy, is it fair to assume then that maybe the leasing put in place here in the first quarter was done under an environment that was pretty stressful? Is it fair to assume this is reflective of really tough situation in the last six months? When would you expect to see maybe those numbers start to trend higher? Is that a 3 quarter event out or might we see the spreads start to rebound in the second quarter? 
Richard Sokolov :  I think it is going to be further out. You have to understand leasing we are doing today is not going to open until the fourth quarter at the earliest and we are starting to talk about 2011 leasing. Obviously the stores that are opening new in the portfolio were done last year with a little less constructive sales and profit dynamics and so that is going to reflect slightly lower rents. 
David Simon :  I will just say we continue to have a lot of pressure put on us by the retailers on the rent. It is a challenge and we are doing the best we can. There is a lot of leverage and pressure the tenants are putting on us in terms of rent. 
Steve Sakwa  ISI Group : You did mention I guess you are looking at some select development opportunities on the outlet side. 
David Simon :  Yes. 
Steve Sakwa  ISI Group : Can you talk about how return expectations for that business have changed, if any? 
David Simon :  I think it is not just us. I think generally the outlet properties are attracting a lot of new entrants into the outlet business. There are lifestyles that are being converted to outlet. There are malls that are being converted to outlets. Part of the morphing we see going on in the industry so that is one of the things that we are dealing with. It was not just us. I would say generally the returns are under pressure. Not dramatically so.  The returns historically as you know have been really, really positive. They are still double digits but it is probably off a couple hundred basis points if not more just because the rent pressure in that business even though the demand is good the retailers are just generally cautious and able to negotiate pretty good deals. 
Steve Sakwa  ISI Group : So low teens might be down towards 10? 
David Simon :  I think it will be a little bit better but I would say 10-12. I guess you want to pin me down with a number. 
Steve Sakwa  ISI Group : If you could go out to [three] decimal points that would be great. 
David Simon :  Probably went from the 14-15 range to probably 10-12. I think the other thing is the outlet development pipeline, not just us but generally, is different than it was 5-8 years ago. The idea of being next to a full price is kind of out the door. The land costs are much higher. In regional mall locations essentially. Construction costs have kind of stabilized but I think land costs, tenant improvement costs have certainly gone up. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan  Cowan & Co. 
Jim Sullivan  Cowan & Co. : A couple of modeling questions first. The same store NOI number you are quoting here is that pre or post lease term fees and credit losses? 
Stephen Sterrett :  It does not include lease termination fees. It does include bad debt expense. 
Jim Sullivan  Cowan & Co. : So that very positive variance we had in Q1 is part of that number. On the home and regional costs line that number was below 20. I think that is the first time since before I retired the first time. Can you tell us why and where that number is going? 
David Simon :  We continue to do more with less. 
Stephen Sterrett :  Let me amplify on that just a bit. Dont expect the same amount of positive variance. We did have a true up from a legacy incentive plan related to the outlet business that provided some of that favorable variance in the first quarter. 
David Simon :  I still stand by my comment. 
Jim Sullivan  Cowan & Co. :  How much less? 
David Simon :  How much more? Where do you want to start? 
Jim Sullivan  Cowan & Co. : Typically that number has been over 25 for some time. So it was a big 
David Simon :  I am kidding you. Steve is right. 
Stephen Sterrett :  Most of the [paper will vary] in the first quarter. [Audio fade]
Jim Sullivan  Cowan & Co. : That was how much? 
Stephen Sterrett :  I think the favorable variance was about $8 million in the quarter. 
Jim Sullivan  Cowan & Co. : You have obviously been talking with a lot of major institutions in terms of joint ventures both domestically and overseas. The question I have for you is whether you have seen any change recently that kind of matches what we saw in share price performance over the last couple of days so whereby those institutions are showing a clear preference to invest in North America as opposed to Europe. 
David Simon :  I think they see the U.S., I agree and they see the U.S. as having certainly better growth prospects than Europe. We see the same thing frankly and that is part of what is driving us in some of our decisions in Europe. I think they are also moving toward the alternative investments have been put a little bit on the back burner and they are looking for core investments and when you look for core investments they like regional malls. Both of those are kind of aligned in terms of what is happening on the capital front. 
Jim Sullivan  Cowan & Co. : Regarding the international side you announced a couple of new projects and expansion in Asia. Should we be expecting more of the same? 
David Simon :  Yes. But primarily only exclusively in the outlet format. So South Korea we have a few more opportunities. We are very close to starting in Malaysia which we hope will attract the Singapore market. That is the focus. As you know we sold our Wal-Mart anchored malls in China. Could we do outlets in China? Maybe. At this point we are very comfortable with the outlet format in those kinds of areas in Asia. We will continue to push that. 
Jim Sullivan  Cowan & Co. : Is it a competitive advantage you have in the outlets in Asia versus full price or is it just a lack of opportunities and yield? 
David Simon :  I would say we are good at what we do there. We have the right partners. We have had success so it is really success to get success. Full price, certainly in China and I think the yield on full price is very, very tricky. The thing that I have seen in Asia is if the tenants dont produce they dont really necessarily pay you what they want to pay you. We think the outlet sector is actually a little more risk averse and we have been successful there. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs. 
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Could you talk about the dynamics of the anchor stores versus the in-line stores? Perhaps even some performance by segment? I guess also you talked about some challenges ahead. Are you worried about store closings at this point or is it really just more of the comments about the slow recovery? 
David Simon :  I will let Rick talk about department stores but absolutely store closings our occupancy went down. Store closings are an everyday event. Retailers if they dont have the right rent as a percent of sales they will close the stores. We have suffered through that a lot last year. I think I give credit to Rick and the leasing team for maintaining occupancy but store closings is absolutely continuing to be an issue. I dont think it will go away any time soon. I will turn it over to Rick on the anchors. 
Richard Sokolov :  I would say in addition to store closings a lot of the specialty stores are downsizing their footprint. So there is pressure in that regard as well as they are trying just like us to do more with less. On the anchors, performance is obviously better. Balance sheets are dramatically better. Virtually every one of them are at stock prices that they havent seen in years. They are more optimistic about their future and they are more focused on top line growth. That I dont think is going to immediately transfer into department stores looking to open new units. They are just working on making their existing product better and it is more productive and that helps us drive more traffic. 
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Going with the store closing theme do you expect that to happen throughout the year or do you think retailers try to hang on for much of this year and it falls into later Q4 and even into Q1 of next year? 
David Simon :  They have already made some decisions. We know that in 2010 when the lease expires we are going to have to deal with store closings. The environment, we have a better shot at keeping some open given the world is getting better but it continues to be a focus for retailers. If they dont have the right rent/sales they are going to close the store. You have seen our rent spreads compress and our occupancy get dinged a little bit because of that environment. The good news it is moving better but it has to continue to move better for us to be able to deal with the store closings. 
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: On the dividend I know you had to right-size the dividend last year when liquidity obviously dried up. When do you reconsider the dividend and those conversations with the board given your yield is now about 2.7% and your payout ratio is as low as I have seen it? 
David Simon :  Very good question. We are going to address it a little bit with our taxable income in the fourth quarter. It depends on kind of where we see that. I think it is a good question. We will be able to see how the year shakes out. There wont be a change in the third quarter in terms of the $0.60. We will see where our taxable income is in the fourth quarter. Then I think depending on the view of the world we will see what the right number is for 2011. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  On your two expansions [inaudible] how is the leasing on the small shop space? The 136 I guess the domain and [inaudible] at South Shore? 
David Simon :  We have had challenges in both. These were brought on ahead of they were under construction during the lean years. Two days ago? Right. We struggled frankly. We have good momentum. I will let Rick talk to you about the percentages but we brought them on obviously at a horrific time. We are making progress.
Richard Sokolov :  I would add at Domain we are going to hopefully buy the third quarter would be about 80% occupied and at South Shore, Target is opening in October and we anticipate being about 80% open at that time as well when Target opens. David is right. They were very well executed but the timing could have been a lot more fortuitous. 
David Simon :  Long term obviously we believe very much in both projects. We just have to keep pounding away and get it leased. 
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I know you are not thinking about non-outlet development at this point but I am wondering if [inaudible] and department stores to open new units continues might we see something more like a St. Johns Town Center opening from you than a traditional mall? 
David Simon :  I will tell you the outlet is a good pipeline out there for the industry. I just dont see the demand. I just dont see it from our standpoint. 
Richard Sokolov :  The only thing I would add is the discussions we are having with department stores is how we can add them to our existing properties. I dont think any of them believe there are a lot of underserved markets left in the United States. 
David Simon :  I would add the focus, we had obviously a lot of redevelopment stuff we have put on hold, so I think as I said probably in the last call I think we will start to see some of that put on the drawing board again. I think that is the first step for us in any event as opposed to ground up new development X the outlet assets. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley  Citigroup.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: I just wanted to come back to the leasing spreads for a second. If we look at page 18 the 12/31 for 2009 the lease spread was about $5. Then 03/31 is a trailing 12 month number which includes most of 2009 and the first quarter and the store closing rent jumped up from that $38 to $41 which is a pretty massive spread to include just all the first quarter expiries. I think you had said that with a $3 positive spread in the first quarter I am having a hard time figuring how that math works when 2009 was positive 5, trailing 12 in the first quarter is $2. Something is just not matching up. 
Stephen Sterrett :  From a math perspective what is happening is the first quarter of last year was very positive. In fact if you go look at our 8-K from the first quarter of last year my recollection was that the spreads in the mall business were $9. So you had a very positive quarter burning off and obviously as David and Rick alluded to the leasing trend is getting better. We are seeing better spreads in the first quarter of 2010 than we saw in the fourth quarter of 2009 but you are replacing a quarter that has lower spreads from taking out the first quarter of last year which had very high spreads. That is the simple math. 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: In the expiration number that $41 your average, if you go back to the prior subs the average mall rents of tenants that were expiring were $36-37. The outlets are in the high 20s. For the trailing 12-month average to be $41? It just doesntI guess where you are signing rents makes sense. I guess where they are expiring doesnt. I dont know if there is something particular in the first quarter relativethe last 12 months at 12/31/09 the expiries were $38 so if you roll in the first quarter for the first quarter to roll to $41 that would mean the first quarter expiries were probably high 40s or even 50s?
Stephen Sterrett :  Dont forget two things. One, closing square footage in our spread calculation is comprised of two things. It is comprised of normal lease expirations and we disclose to you what our lease expirations are over the course of any period and you can see what the average rent is but it is also stores that closed prematurely whether that is bankruptcies or lease settlements or lease terminations. Obviously as David and Rick alluded to in the environment we are in if a tenant doesnt have the right rent to sales ratio they are going to close. We had some high rent tenants that closed. As an example, think about all of the jewelry stores that have closed over the last 18 months. 
David Simon :  I think that is what you are seeing in terms of having a pretty big impact in this years first quarter because we had a lot of jewelry stores close. 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: But you dont see moving the 12/31 going down from $13 down to $5 as being a concern? Of what that would have implied for the first quarter? 
David Simon :  No because we told you what the first quarter was. 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: A couple of months ago you had said in a release there was a number of other things that you were working on in terms of growth opportunities and that you were not going to sit on your hands and wait around for a situation. Can you give an update as to where those other situations are, the size of those opportunities and how you are thinking about that aspect of your business? 
David Simon :  I think it is safe to say we are good but it is hard to work on one big deal and a lot of other ones at the same time. Our focus lets not forget we have a Prime deal we are looking to close. Our focus obviously has been on general growth. I think at the time we mentioned it we were still debating what role and how we might play in general growth. Obviously a lot changed from the last time we spoke and we have been exclusively focused on that transaction. It so happens that there is nothing there for us which is a distinct possibility I am very comfortable with the ability to grow our business externally but I cant give you chapter and verse as to when and how. I dont think that would be appropriate. 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Are those opportunities being marketed and at this point now that you have pulled back from them they will go to someone else? 
David Simon :  I dont think any of these were auction oriented marketing deals. It wasnt like that kind of stuff. 
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup: In terms of you mentioned the redevelopment in the malls would probably be the first project you would start looking at, I am wondering what you feel is to the timing of when that might commence and probable [inaudible]. I assume it is still quite a way out? 
David Simon :  I dont think it is quite a way out actually. I will tell you we are going to end up spending more redevelopment dollars this year than we thought as we were planning at the end of 2009 and last year. Actually our CapEx some of it may actually by the time you get it all done will be spent in 2011 but there is a lot of activity on the redevelopment front ad we will spend more in this year than we anticipated. I think that will carry over into 2011 as well. 
Richard Sokolov :  If you look at page 34 of the 8-K we have shown you a number of the redevelopment projects that are coming online for the remainder of 2010 and some of these are significant upgrades to our properties and we have a pipeline of opportunities we are working on. As they get to the point of starting we will share them with you. 
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup: As retailers are looking for the smaller store sizes or a reduction in store size is that something that is going to drive more redevelopment over the next five years? 
Richard Sokolov :  I dont think redevelopment as much as it is going to enable us to maximize the NOI out of our better properties which are now more space to lease to more tenants without having to add additional space. 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: A quick question on the outlook versus the malls, what percentage of the NOI has the cross pollonization or the cross fertilization of tenants? I know you have been increasing it but I still thought it was predominately a separate tenant base. 
David Simon :  That really has really morphed. I would say at least 40-50% if not more. 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: So 50% of the outlet NOI are also in the mall? 
David Simon :  Essentially. You have a lot of companies like Liz that do both. The Gap does both. That is off the top of my head. I dont know specifically. The pure manufacturers are more vertically integrated now so they do retail and manufacture. The pure retailer or Gap does both. So as you go through the list I would say the old like the Mikasas of the world are gone. I am happy to walk an outlet asset with you but I would tell you it is just off the top of my head it is 50. We can certainly do that math but wouldnt you say it is 50? 
Richard Sokolov :  Anecdotally if you look at all the announcements that have been made over the last few months about new concepts coming to the outlets, they have almost been exclusively from retailers that are already operating in our malls such as Ann Taylor Loft, Coach Men, Lens Crafters, Bradley, New York & Co., Christopher and Banks. Those are all mall retailers that are now moving concepts into the outlet as well which is again an example of the convergence David talked about in his opening remarks. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Co. 
Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Co. : Going back to the numbers again, help me out a little bit. The recovery of the credit losses in the first quarter could you explain exactly why that happened? 
Stephen Sterrett :  We were over-reserved at year-end based on an account by account analysis of receivables we didnt think we would necessarily collect and we collected them in the first quarter. So when you have a reserve out there and there is no receivable left you have to reverse the reserve. 
Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Co. : The $20 million lease settlement charges in the quarter was that specifically from a few concentrated tenants or from a bunch of tenants? 
Stephen Sterrett :  It was a bit of both. There were a handful of small stores but then normal, ordinary course of business as well. 
Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies & Co. : Operating expenses for the quarter $98.7 million was a little bit light versus 1Q of 2009 year-over-year comparable. When I try to think about forecasting going forward is that $98-99 million number more the run rate you are expecting or did you have a special or did something unique happen in the quarter? 
Stephen Sterrett :  A couple of things. David mentioned trying to do more with less. We obviously have been focused on costs but you do have seasonal costs. For example utility costs are much higher in the summer because your air conditioning, etc. but there is no question we are seeing the benefit of aggressively managing the costs of the malls. 
David Simon :  I just want us to take credit not only did we outperform, we also outperformed with all of the snow expenses. We had one goal this quarter which was not to use the extra snow as a reason we missed. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ben Yang  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. 
Ben Yang  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I was wondering if you could give us your updated view on the acquisition landscape and your [inaudible]. Obviously general growth is the elephant in the room and you previously commented you are exclusively focused on it but I wonder if they end up going with a broker sponsored recap? Do they end up selling assets? Also there is some speculation some of your mall peers could be consolation prizes if you dont get general growth. I am wondering if you can comment on what you are thinking or perhaps expecting? 
David Simon :  Let me just make a general comment. I have no idea if [Brookfield] is successful what they will do with the company or how they will run it. I have no sense of anything on that. If we are not successful the last thing we are going to do is go do a deal to do a deal. When we look at deals we look at what the value of the real estate is, not what we can pay for the real estate. If we did that we would get ourselves in trouble. At the end of the day if there is good real estate to buy at the right price we will buy it. If not, we wont. We will wait for that opportunity. That is how we look at things. It is not what we can afford to pay. That would be not the way to run anything. It is really what we think the real estate is worth and what the real estate might be worth in our hands.  With that said I hope I answered your question. I have no idea what [Brookfield] will do if they are successful. We will continue to look like we always have over the last 16 years if there is real estate appropriately priced we think is more valuable in our hands we will be prepared to buy it. If not, we will wait for the right time. 
Ben Yang  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: If the good deals arent there in the near-term do you just use the cash to pay down the debt? Is that kind of the plan at this point? 
David Simon :  Correct. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors. 
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors : Going back to expenses what is your ability from this point forward to further cut the expenses? 
David Simon :  You were muffled there. Can you repeat yourself? 
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors : Going back to the expenses, operating expenses in particular, from this point forward what is your ability to further decrease your operating expenses? 
David Simon :  Our philosophy is we hope there is no snow storm. I am kidding. I think we are running a pretty good shop. The number one focus is you have to have a pleasant consumer experience for the consumer and obviously for our retailer partners. I think we are doing that. To continue to drive those down I think we jeopardize that. I would say we are operating probably as appropriately as we can. We have to be very mindful of the consumer experience and so I wouldnt expect us to be able to push that much further. 
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors : In regards to the recovery on the expense front you alluded a couple of times to retailers needing to have an appropriate occupancy cost in the property. So is the CAM recoveries one of the items that is currently going down versus previous leases or are you still able to recover as much if not more from tenants? 
David Simon :  Remember we have essentially gone to fixed. So it is all part of the negotiation with our retailers on what they pay in terms of gross rent. There are very few lease discussions. We still have some older leases running off of. There are very few lease discussions that have pro rata CAM at this point. 
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors : When you negotiate with them at this point it is much more of a gross number than trying to divide between base rent and CAM recovery? 
David Simon :  We still allocate it between [operating sense] recovery and rent but there is certainty for the retailer in terms of what they are paying us in terms of reimbursing us for operating expense. 
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors : I noticed you purchased the partial interest in two of the Mills properties from your German partner. Are you able to disclose the GAAP rate on those transactions? 
David Simon :  I actually dont know. Probably not but I think we made a good deal. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. 
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I am not sure if you can break it out but how much of your interest in GGP is generated by the structure of their balance sheet rather than their mall portfolio per se? Because I guess the pursuit of a platform with above average leverage and abundant long-term low rate secured debt could convey you might have a view on core growth that it will be soft for some time. Or maybe the better way to ask this question is for the cycle ahead who do you think has the better balance sheet? 
David Simon :  Let me answer it this way. I hope you were not serious about that last part. I think their balance sheet scares me. There is still a lot of secured debt and a lot of highly levered assets. Again, I hope you werent serious on the last part. No, we look at the assets. Obviously the big issue here is it is still a very highly levered company with not a lot of financial flexibility. So secured market as you know is still just not back. Doing bigger deals is tough. It is getting better but it is not there. Obviously our balance sheet compared to theirs is an apple and an orange. 
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: What I meant by better was to the extent you see a more sluggish growth environment or even a rapid growth environment is higher leverage warranted? 
David Simon :  I think that was an argument that was made by them earlier and we saw the results of that. I dont think so. 
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: In your opening remarks and you touched on it a moment ago, you had mentioned outlets and full price malls are blurring. I know that shift hasnt happened overnight but what does that say about the long-term sales growth potential for regional mall sales if brands are willing to effectively open off-price channels to undercut their full price channel? Do you think the next 10 years will be weaker than the last 10? 
David Simon :  That is a good question. I think everything has to be done in moderation. I dont know that I will be dramatic changes but like we have said before there is retail real estate that is going to become yesterdays news. The retail real estate environment is under pressure. Certainly the internet and e-commerce has had a dramatic impact on our business. That is the biggest concern we have going forward. There are certain elements of that which arent a level playing field. For instance on the Internet sales taxation and the ability for the pure internet retailers to just avoid it. I think this will cause the whole environment generally is going to cause some retail real estate to essentially have to morph into something else or go out of business. 
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: A lot of the lifestyle center activity we saw whether it is standalone centers or just the new wing on a mall is somewhat reliant on restaurants as that new anchor. They are still on their heels. To the extent you do see more shakeout in mall anchors down the road, hypothetically, how do you think about the alterative use of those big boxes down the road? If there arent a lot of big box users kicking around and again the anchors for them right now at least seem to be on the sidelines. 
Richard Sokolov :  Again, I think if you look in the 8-K you will see our most current thinking on how we are handling these boxes. Frankly it is a function of the size of the box. Is it a one level mall and a two level box? Two level box with parking on both levels? There are still users that want to locate in our properties utilizing that real estate that are going to make our properties better but it is a lot of work and it takes time to get done. The demand is slowly re-emerging. 
David Simon :  I would say at the end of the day if it is good real estate it is going to get recycled. The malls if you have the right critical mass and the right location I think we have all demonstrated in our industry the ability to recycle boxes and that ought to continue. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan. 
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: On the financing side can you walk through what you see happening at the back end of the year anything contemplated in terms of another bond deal? I think David may have referenced something in terms of locking in some rates. Does it still look like you are going to end up paying off Forum shops and Copley, etc.? 
Stephen Sterrett :  What David mentioned earlier is our 2010 secured maturities have effectively all been addressed. That plan does continue to include paying off the debt at Forum and Copley. 
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Not to beat a dead horse but going back to the closing rent levels at $41, given the comments about higher rent payers and their store closings, [inaudible], should we extrapolate from that, what should we put more weight on? That the first quarter spreads were $3 or that you had some high rent payers in the first quarter that seemed like they closed? If you look forward the spread may increase a little bit? 
David Simon :  I would focus on the spread. I would also just focus on the bottom line results which is we grew NOI by 2.5%. That is what I would focus on. That is just my personal preference. I have a simple model. As long as cash flow is growing then I am reasonably happy. Rick is saying not really but I am reasonably happy. If it is not growing then that is the focus. That is how frankly how we run this. We are looking at EBITDA or NOI growth. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: A question for you on the Mills properties. You have regional malls kind of on one end and you have outlet centers on the other end. Why not put the Mills metrics into the metric mix too? They have a whole cross-fertilization thing you were talking about? 
David Simon :  That is a good question. The reason we dont is that is its own separate company and we have our partner in there that has its own separate revolver and its own separate balance sheet. It is kind of one entity generally. 
Stephen Sterrett :  And its contribution as a percentage of NOI as a total enterprise is a fraction of what the outlet and malls is. 
David Simon :  We do disclose operating statistics for it but that is the primary reason. Whereas essentially the malls and the outlets are kind of all together. The mill because of the separate corporate structure is kind of run independently. 
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: The metrics seemed a little softer this quarter. How do you feel about the whole Mills venture at this point? 
David Simon :  I think actual Mills projects are doing verywe are pleased with it. Rick and I are pleased with it. When we bought Mills there were 2-3 Mills that were really tough. We knew that going in. Effectively the Mills share of that cash flow was diminimous so we dont pull our hair out over it. Though we continue to try and improve it. I would say we have made a lot of progress on the Mills and improving from Potomac. Rick restated all of the stuff we have done. Block, Ontario, The Great Mall. There is a lot of good activity.  Where we have had some slower results and we got kind of caught in the significant downturn is the malls that the Mills owns where a couple of them we were really excited about certain redevelopment opportunities like at Southdale and Del Amo that has taken a little bit of a back burner. On the other hand we have a Target deal with Esplanade and we are working some stuff with South Bridge so we are regaining momentum with the mall portfolio but that has taken longer.  Generally, the results are exactly what we underwrote despite the significant change in the economy. The demand at the Mills has been good. So we are okay there other than the tougher ones like a [St. Louis] continues to be tough. 
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: So when you are sitting at ICSC these are just part of the mix you are showing the retailers? 
David Simon :  Oh yes. 
Richard Sokolov :  I would just make a comment we are also finding the convergence many of our tenants that are operating in the malls are looking at opening full price stores in the Mills. I had a conversation yesterday with a retailer on a space and said well we are definitely going to go. We are debating internally whether we want to have a full price store or an outlet store in the Mills. We are having a number of outlet tenants open their outlet stores in the Mills. It is all things to all people and a very good distribution channel. 
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: You made a comment about the smaller footprints of some of the in-line guys. I am curious how widespread is that? How far does that go? That could be serious I guess over time if guys are reducing by 10-20% or 50% or whatever. 
Richard Sokolov :  It is on the margin. There are a number of retailers that are growing but it gives us an opportunity to improve our tenant mix because a number of our properties where tenants want to consolidate their concepts. It gives us more space to deal with and we can drive our NOI. 
David Simon :  I would add the only one that is really out there doing it in a big way is the Gap. I think as Rick just said they have very good locations so it would be a win/win for both of us. We downsize and get back decent space and go from there. That is not to say there arent tenants here or there with a store here or there that wants to get smaller but I would say that is the biggest one out there that wants to do it on a broader basis. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy  UBS. 
Christy McElroy - UBS: In your conversations with national retailers as they shift to more definitive plans for taking new space would you say there is more of a quality in location buys today than in the last 2-10 years rather than just focusing on blanket square footage growth? This sort of touches on a previous question, but generally speaking what do you think is the ultimate fate of some of the classy, secondary tertiary market malls out there that stand today with above-average small shop vacancy and maybe an anchor or two gone? Do those malls eventually become obsolete or do they get recycled? 
David Simon :  Let me answer the last part. I would say to you that depending on what is happening in that market if it is a dwindling, dying market those malls are going to go away. If it is good real estate and the market could be a small market but it has good employment and it has good prospects then I think it can be recycled. We have seen both frankly where we have been able to, Rick mentioned Richardson Square as a decent in-fill place. Oak Mall that we basically tore down and redid it.  On the other hand we had a mall in Indiana and we actually sold a couple in Indiana and I wont mention names where it was an old manufacturing town that the employment base was shrinking and the age of the customer was increasing. It wasnt well located and we had no shot at it. Thankfully we sold it and we went on. I think you will see a little bit of both.  On your first question I would say it really depends on the retailer. What they are really focused on is what sales productivity they can achieve from the space. That is the focus. From there results in the deal or the rent negotiation. There are certain tenants that love moderate scenarios. They have their idea of what they can afford to pay and depending upon that asset that may be a perfectly fine deal for that asset. I do think though there is clearly a much greater focus on what the sales productivity is. 
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: In reference to the combination of the operational information on the malls and the outlets, just to comment on that I understand your rationale but I do think the investment community would prefer to be able to see how those two distinct formats are performing individually particularly after the Prime transaction closes. On the Mills portfolio I am curious, you dont disclose the same store NOI growth for community lifestyle centers or the Mills assets. I am curious what is the cash flow there and how would that influence the 2.5% number you reported for the quarter? 
Stephen Sterrett :  They are not major components of the overall enterprise so they are not going to move the needle much in any event. I will say that the cash flow for both the strips and the Mills is positive. 
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: David, about a month or six weeks ago I think I asked you a question at the NYU REIT conference about what you thought about real estate valuations and re-chair prices. You had made a comment along the lines you were a little cautious about things might have gotten a little ahead of themselves and here we sit 10% higher and cap rates have come down a bit. I am curious where you sit today on your overall evaluation of REIT valuations and commercial real estate valuations looking at what has happened in the world over the last 30-60 days? 
David Simon :  Certainly other than our company being undervalued, I think generally we just have to be very careful. What I dont want to see our industry, and I think it is broader for all equity markets, I dont want to see us go from one bubble to the next bubble. There is certainly a sense that we created just another little false sense of euphoria. I have been surprised. Obviously we think we are in a little different position than a lot of companies but it is a great surprise to me. I think we have to be careful as an industry we dont go from one bubble to the next. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Following up on that line of questions can you talk a little bit about the sales trends you are seeing across your portfolio? Maybe the As versus the Bs and some of the geographies where you are seeing some strength or some weakness? 
David Simon :  Let me just say on the regional thing we are just starting to see a little pick up in Florida. California not so much. The outlets are producing a little bit better sales growth than the mall assets. As I have said repeatedly the Midwest is just the Midwest. God love us. The good news is we are starting to see a little bit better trend in Florida. Rick I dont know if you want to add to that maybe. 
Richard Sokolov :  A couple of more color, in the outlets the one area that has gotten substantially better is the international tourist is back. So those are doing significantly better. In terms of categories, home furniture, family apparel, womens shoes, specialty and family shoes are better. Not surprising books, music and kids shoes and womens popular were a little softer. As things got better people have moved up a little bit on their price points and I think you are seeing that in the results that are being reported by our retailers. 
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Looking at the Prime portfolio are you expecting to sell any of those assets? Any Prime redevelopment opportunities in there? 
David Simon :  We dont have any plans to sell any assets. No. 
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Are any of them Prime opportunities where you could invest some serious dollars? 
David Simon :  The good news with Prime is it also comes with a couple of development sites we are anxious to be able to build when the deal closes. That will be a big focus for us. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley : Do you have a transaction expense number in your guidance? 
David Simon :  Not really. The 3.7? We didnt really have that in our initial guidance but that is [where we expect it]. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley : So it is likely you will continue to have those? 
David Simon :  It is likely we will continue to have those at least for the time being. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley : So we should think of that as kind of a down side component or do you think you are sort of comfortable given you will have those that your range is still okay?
David Simon :  I think we are baking it into our range more or less. It doesnt seem like it is going away any time soon but it could. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley : On tenant allowances they were high in the first quarter relative to the prior year or even the full-year last year. Is there any color about that and how are tenants thinking about capital apart from rent? 
Richard Sokolov :  There has really not been any change in the negotiating dynamics on the TA. I think slight increases again if you look at the 34 we have had increased box activity. So that is a little more of the dollars but in terms of specialty stores same trends we have experienced. 
Operator:  That concludes the Q&A portion of todays call. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Simon for closing remarks. 
David Simon :  Thank you everyone. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to talking to you soon. Take care. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelly Doran  Vice President, Investor Relations David E. Simon  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer  Richard S. Sokolov  President, Chief Operating Officer Stephen E. Sterrett  Chief Financial Officer  
Analysts: Christy McElroy - UBS Ross Nussbaum - UBS Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Michael Bilerman - Citigroup David Wigginton - Macquarie Research Equities Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P. Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets [David Harris]  Individual Investor Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc. 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2009 Simon Property Group earnings conference call. My name is [Marisol]. Ill be your operator for today. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Miss Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Shelly Doran:  Welcome to Simon Property Groups fourth quarter and year end 2009 earnings conference call. Please be aware that statements made during this call that are not historical may be deemed forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a detailed discussion of these terms. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe its important to note that todays call includes time sensitive information that may be accurate only as of todays date, February 5, 2010. The companys supplemental information package was filed earlier today as Form 8-K. The filing is available via mail or email and it is posted on the Simon website in the Investors section under Financial Information, Quarterly Supplemental Packages. Participating in todays call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David E. Simon:  Thank you. Good morning. Thanks everyone for joining. Id like to take a few minutes just to review financial and operational highlights and then well open it up for Q&A. First on FFO for the quarter, we reported as adjusted $1.66 for the quarter ended December 31, 2009, which is $0.13 above the first call consensus estimate. Were very pleased with our fourth quarter results and our full year results delivered during very uncertain times. We are seeing some positive trends in retail conditions and believe that the environment should continue to experience a slow and gradual improvement. Holiday sales met or exceeded the expectations of most of our retailers and coupled with good expense control and inventory management, I would expect fourth quarter earnings for the retailers to be quite good, and yesterdays January retail sales support that premise. Occupancy in all of our platforms was sequentially up from the end of the third quarter. Mall occupancy up 70 basis points, Outlet centers increased 40 basis points, The Mills increased 150 basis points and our Community Lifestyle centers increased 180 basis points. Regional mall comparable sales were $433 per square foot at year end as compared to $470 year end 2008. For the fourth quarter the decline in year-over-year was 2.7%. For the month of December the declined narrowed to 1.8%. Florida experienced an improving trend with sales were flat in December while we continue to see softer sales in California, Nevada and Massachusetts, which was a little worse than the rest of our portfolio in the country. Now, the Outlet business had comp sales improved during the fourth quarter with portfolio sales increasing from $492 a foot at 9/30 to $500 a foot at year end. Sales were up 6% year-over-year in Q4. Regional mall releasing spreads was year end $4.18 or an increase of 10.3%. Average base rent at year end was $40.04, which was up 1.4% for the year earlier period. The average base rent for the regional mall leases expiring in 2010 is $37.64 per square foot, which is lower than the rent of the stores that closed or leases expired in 2009 of $40.47 per square foot. In the last half of 2009 we signed new leases at an average rate of $43 per square foot, which again reinforces our premise that we still continue to believe that our leases rolling over or expiring are below market rent.  The Outlet releasing spread was $8.82 per square foot or an increase of 29.8% for 2009. The average base rent at year end was $33.45 per square foot, up 21% for the year earlier period. Full year comp NOI growth was three-tenths of 1% for the Malls and 5.6% for the Outlets.  During the fourth quarter, the company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $0.26 per share. These charges totaled $88.1 million related to adjustments in the carrying value of one wholly owned and one joint venture regional mall, a write-down of five land parcels and two non-retail real estate assets, and the write-off of certain predevelopment costs related to approximately 25 projects. Our land held for development on the balance sheet is now $90 million, comprised of 12 parcels and 688 acres, which is roughly $130,000 an acre. FFO after this impairment was $1.40 for the quarter. Id like to now turn my attention to other matters. Dividends, first of all Id like to thank our stockholders for their support in 2009 when we made the difficult but we feel appropriate decision to pay a significant portion of our dividend in stock in the face of a massive, national credit crisis. If you held onto your stock for the year and sold it at year end, your dividend for that year, 2009, was $4.23, which thankfully was much higher than any previous dividend weve paid since being public. Were also very pleased today that we announced the return to the payment of our dividend in cash and that for the quarter is $0.60 per share.  On the acquisition front, on December 8 we announced our planned acquisition of prime Outlets in a transaction valued at $2.325 billion, including the assumption of prime Outlets existing indebtedness and preferred stock. And we expect this transaction to close in the spring.  And let me turn over to some of our sales activity. As was announced in todays release, SPG and Ivanhoe Cambridge entered into a definitive agreement to sell our interest in Simon Ivanhoe to Unibail-Rodamco. Simon Ivanhoe owns a portfolio of two assets in Poland and five in France. The portfolio is valued at 715 million euros and the transaction is subject to customary post closing adjustments. We expect to record a gain of approximately $300 million and the transaction is scheduled to close during the first half of 2010.  Keep in mind that in 2000 we recorded gains of approximately $125 million related to this venture, primarily as a result of the sale of five assets in Poland, so after the sale to Unibail closes this European venture, one of two, which we continue to have our interest in GCI, will have generated approximately $425 million of gains for us. We also agreed to a venture with Unibail and Ivanhoe Cambridge in the development of five potential new retail projects in the Simon Ivanhoe pipeline. We will own 25% interest in these projects. Were pleased to have the opportunity to partner with Unibail-Rodamco and continue our venture relationship with Ivanhoe Cambridge in these five new development opportunities in France. We view this as an excellent opportunity to recycle capital, capitalize on the relatively high valuation of the euro and sell our interest in a tax efficient manner. At year end we also sold our joint venture interest in the development and operations of our shopping centers in China. The interests were sold to affiliates of our Chinese partner for approximately $29 million, resulting in a loss of approximately $20 million. We built a good product there but the middle class consumer is just beginning to spend discretionary income. It will take a long time for them to fully emerge to shop and spend at moderate to better stores. Remaining in these joint ventures in China would have required additional SPG time and resources, as well as the need to fund operating losses. We believe that we have better opportunities to deploy that capital elsewhere. During the fourth quarter of 09 we also sold four non-core assets, one Mall and three Community centers. Notwithstanding the significant amount of work we did in the spring of 2009, we were not content to sit on our capital. And so we were very active in the fourth quarter and again in 2010 on the capital markets front. In December we entered into a new unsecured corporate credit facility to replace our existing facility that would have matured in January of 2011. The initial borrowing capacity is $3.565 billion and represents an increase of the $3.5 billion facility that was expiring. And this new facility contains an accordion feature allowing the borrowing capacity to increase to as much as $4 billion and will now mature on March 31, 2013. The base interest rate on the new facility is LIBOR plus 210 basis points.  In January of this year, we also commenced a tender offer to purchase for cash outstanding notes in 2011 and 12 and the first quarter of 2013. Total amounts of bonds eligible was $3.25 billion and 70% of those bonds were tendered totaling $2.285 billion. The notes tendered had a weighted average duration of two years and a weighted average coupon of 5.76%. A $166 million charge to earnings was recorded as a result of the tendering and purchasing of those securities. Concurrently we sold $2.25 billion of senior unsecured notes, our largest notes offering ever. The offering received exceptionally strong interest with the book total orders totaling $10 billion. We were also able to introduce 30 year bonds into our capital structure. The weighted average duration of the notes offering is 14.4 years and the weighted average coupon is 5.69%. As a result of these activities, our credit facility size has increased and the maturity extended until March, 2013. And we significantly extended the duration of our senior unsecured notes portfolio with no overall increase in our weighted average interest rate. While we had one of the industrys strongest balance sheets, we believe these transactions were prudent given the volatility that continues to exist in the worlds capital markets. As of year end December 31, 2009, we had $4.3 billion of cash on hand, which includes our share of our joint venture cash or roughly $12 per share and the availability of our corporate credit facility of $3.1 billion for a total liquidity position of $7.4 billion. Now let me turn over to guidance. Today we provided 2010 guidance as adjusted, $5.72 to $5.87 per share. Taking into account the $166 million charge recorded in connection with our January bond tender offer, we expect FFO for 2010 to be $5.25 to $5.40 per share. We have outlined some of the major assumptions in our press release. The guidance assumes both the prime acquisition and the Simon Ivanhoe sale to occur as expected.  Let me conclude by saying 2009 was memorable in many respects, very difficult and challenging. However, we accomplished a great deal. We were very pleased to return a total stockholder of 58% in 2009, significantly outperforming the RMS and the S&P 500. We have now outperformed the S&P 500 index and the RMS index in nine of the last ten years. We had solid financial and operational performance throughout the year. We successfully executed several major capital market activities throughout 10 and year-to-date in 2010, strengthening our already strong balance sheet. We are growing again with the acquisition of prime. We are paying our dividend in cash and we believe were positioned to deliver solid operating results in 2010. With that, operator, were ready for your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Christy McElroy  UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Wondering if you could give us a sense for the conversations leading up to and the thought process behind the sale of the Simon Ivanhoe assets. Is there a change in strategy at all with regard to your European platform and are you looking to sell any other assets there?
David E. Simon: Well, its not overly complicated. Weve created a lot of value there. We got an unsolicited offer and we took that to the next level. We felt comfortable with the value that were achieving in the sale. When we looked at the growth opportunities of the assets that we were selling, compare them to the opportunities that we can redeploy that capital, taking into account that we can achieve the sale tax free in a sense. And where the euro is we thought it was in the best interest of our shareholders.
Christy McElroy  UBS:  What was the IRR of that venture over the life of it, including the assets that you sold previously?
David E. Simon: It would have been near 30%.
Christy McElroy  UBS:  Just trying to estimate your share of the proceeds, net of the property level. I came with about $200 million. Is that close?
David E. Simon: Itll be exactly where the gain is, more or less. We have basically no basis in this venture.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS:  Two questions for you. One is, it looks like after the end of the year you paid off the loans on Mall of Georgia and University Park. Whats going to be the approach on the $0.5 billion loans that youve got coming due this year at Forum Shops and the Westchester?
David E. Simon: We will be paying off the Forum Shops. Westchesters a JV so well be refinancing that.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS:  I guess Im asking it in the broader context of your cash balance and your line availability. In the sense that if for some reason you dont land what Ill call a big fish this year, what do you start thinking about from a sense of all this call and line availability? Do you start saying to yourself do I start buying back my stock at mid-7 caps? Do I raise the dividends since my FFO payouts only 50% now? How do you think about it strategically?
David E. Simon: Well, you know, look, the fact is we think therell be investment opportunities. We have a lot of optionality with that cash. Well be prudent in exploring the options that exist out there. Rest assured that cash certainly will not put us in the position where we will be reckless in how we treat it. And I hope you would agree that we have been extremely thoughtful and conservative in how weve managed the business through our M&A and sales activities, and well continue to do that. And I think therell be significant opportunities over the years for this company, but to the extent that those dont come to fruition for whatever reason well de-lever, and I think that will obviously give us a unique opportunity to also return cash to the shareholders, whether thats better in the form of a buyback or dividend, you know, theres lots of views on that, but well have to take it a step at a time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Quentin Velleley  Citigroup.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup:  Just in terms of your I would say strategy and I saw yesterday that Liberty International has decided to split their business in two. How does that move impact firstly your ownership of that company? But also what your strategy might be longer term and whether or not the UK is still a market that youre interested in.
David E. Simon: Well, it still is or otherwise we would have sold the stock. So you know we maintain our interest. That news hit last night so were just now assessing that. I think for us its a positive move because it narrows the focus, so we think its probably theres industry logic to what the group there is doing. But it still needs a little bit further analysis. I think if we were disenfranchised we would have sold our stock by now. Were not afraid to sell assets. At this point well continue to monitor and see what happens there. But overall the initial reaction is that it could be a positive benefit for the shareholders at Liberty.
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup:  Is a global Mall business something that you would like to be longer term or is there still more opportunity here in the U.S.?
David E. Simon: My longer term goal is to make money. It sounds silly but the fact is were pleased with what happened in Simon Ivanhoe, that we got what we thought was a good offer and we took advantage of it. Were still involved in assets there. We still have our interest in our joint venture in Italy. But the fact of the matter is, we like to recycle capital and we like to make money. Our greatest franchise here is in the U.S. and obviously thats important to maintain and be able to grow that. And that continues to be our number one priority. China, when we went into it, it was an R&D experience. Weve learned a lot. We would not rule out doing additional developments in China. Its just that the product that we built is not the product that we want to own long-term. And were still very strong in Asia through the Outlet business. We actually are very close to one if not two new developments there, so I think our strategy will continue to take advantage of the ability to recycle capital and build on the successful platforms that we have out there.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Just going back to Liberty for a second, would that in terms of separating the group and I guess disparate parts that didnt fit together, as in your overtures and your discussions with the company and building your stake, was that something that you were pushing in terms of hey, were willing to take the true shopping center, regional mall portfolio, but all this London development and other stuff doesnt fit us? And that sort of got them down the road of saying well, why dont we split the company in two, that this effectively almost makes it easier for you to take the piece that you want?
David E. Simon: Well, look, you can draw that conclusion. Its not really appropriate for me to comment on that. But I mean certainly what youre saying is a logical conclusion, but its your conclusion. But it certainly, if it happens and the shareholders approve it, certainly a smaller company, its certainly more focused and its more up what we do as opposed to anything else. But beyond that, theres not much I can add to it.
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup:  In terms of the guidance number for next year, the 1 to 1.5% times NOI growth, this year you saw the Outlets contributing to most of the 1.5% you got. Is that what youre expecting next year? Are you sort of expecting the outlets to be 5 or 6% and the malls to be flat to 1% on a same store NOI basis?
Stephen E. Sterrett:  You can see, because we lay out for you, the relative contribution of each of the different segments of the business. You know you can see that the Mall business is about 3.5x the size of the Outlet business. I think one of the things that we would like for you guys to start thinking about a little more is us as a retail real estate business. But if you do the calculation in 2009, youll see that the blended comparable property NOI is relatively consistent with where we, the guidance for 10 is relatively consistent with where we ended for 9, so I think you can draw your conclusions from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wigginton - Macquarie Research Equities.
David Wigginton - Macquarie Research Equities:  Can you guys maybe talk a little bit about your initial plans for any of the planned portfolio? I recognize it hasnt closed yet but I mean do you have any immediate redevelopment plans in place? Are you going to be re-renting any of the Centers or are you looking to hold onto all of the Centers?
David E. Simon: The answer is we really dont have any significant changes in mind. And were still working through some of that. With the transaction we do get two development opportunities that we feel in the long run will be something that well work hard to pursue. But I dont think theres going to be a dramatic shift in composition of the portfolio or the operation of the portfolio. Prime has done a very good job of running the business and well look to continue their successful efforts in the past.
David Wigginton - Macquarie Research Equities:  So I guess from your comments, is that essentially saying that theres limited value you feel you can add to the portfolio at this point? Or am I misinterpreting your comments?
David E. Simon: I would just say that I think that, without commenting on it specifically, I would suggest that any transaction weve done, weve been able to add value. I would certainly hope that that would be the case here.
David Wigginton - Macquarie Research Equities:  Just with respect to more of a broader question, what is sort of the mindset of most of the retailers that you talk to at this point on your portfolio with respect to their existing footprints and what their plans are? Whether to shrink those or to grow them at this point?
Richard S. Sokolov:  The environment is clearly stronger than it was this time last year. David had commented that the sales results for December and January were great. In fact, in the last two days about eight of our retailers substantially raised their guidance and they are much more focused on growing their footprint. And we are substantially engaged in trying to get our fair share of their open to buys that are being created. 
David Wigginton - Macquarie Research Equities:  I recognize its still early so if you had to venture a guess would you say their net openers of stores or will the openings offset the closings? How do you foresee that playing out?
David E. Simon: Well I think the big unknown is if theres unforeseen bankruptcies. 2010 so far, knock on wood, has resulted in very few bankruptcies or immaterial ones. Thats the big unknown. But I think were looking to in our plan for 10, I mean occupancy is generally flat, maybe a little bit of an upward tick by year end. And obviously the big unknown is there a bankruptcy out there thats going to result in store closings beyond what weve kind of budgeted? But I would, assuming were still in this kind of environment, I would look to kind of a generally occupancy to be relatively flat from where we were in 9.
David Wigginton - Macquarie Research Equities:  And thats for both the Mall and the Outlet center portfolios?
David E. Simon: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: I just wanted to go back to your gross as you view growing the company. How does your [weighting] in the various REIT indices factor into your growth strategy?
David E. Simon: It doesnt. Thats not up to us to decide. Were just focused on growing our business.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.:  On the debt side, are you still focused on the size of your maturities or are you feeling comfortable that both the secured and the unsecured markets are once again acting normal so that you can just view having normal laddered maturities?
David E. Simon: Well, yes, I think thats right. Certainly the unsecured market is strong, really strong. And look, Kraft, you saw [Burt] Kraft sold, what, 9 billion? Bircher Hathaway sold 8 billion. So its great to be in that market with those kind of obviously highest quality companies that you can see in America. So our fact is our orders were for 10 billion. We could have gone up. We didnt see a need to do that. So were feeling very good about our position in the unsecured market.  The secured market is not quite there in terms of where it would be good in terms of real estate. That has less of an impact on us because obviously we can pay off secured debt and use our cash and/or go back to the unsecured market if we continue to un-encumber assets. But its getting better and its obviously dramatically improved from where we were compared to the first half of 09. But its obviously not as strong as the unsecured market.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.:  Just going to Ivanhoe, what is the reinvestment, the cap rate on the sale versus your anticipated yield on the development? What are the numbers?
David E. Simon: Well, we are not going to disclose a cap rate. All I can tell you is that we over the life of this investment, weve had $425 million of gain and weve been able to repatriate that money back to the good old USA, tax free.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.:  Dont say that too loudly.
David E. Simon: Thats what Im worried about. I think were under the radar in terms of any administrative changes, I hope.
Stephen E. Sterrett:  How about in a tax efficient manner?
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: That sounds much better. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons.
Carol Kemple - Hilliard Lyons: At this point do you believe theres more opportunities in the U.S. as far as acquisitions or developments? And which would you look to do in the future?
David E. Simon: Clearly acquisitions. I think as weve said for some time, and the development business in the U.S. is really non-existent. Theres maybe a few assets here and there that might start in 10 or 11 but its going to be few and far between. And one of the things that Im proud of in this company, given the size, lets say we have $50 billion of assets roughly, our land held for development is $90 million. And thats not just in one project. Thats in 12 parcels. So I think the new development here is going to be very challenged. I do think redevelopment, assuming we continue on the recovery of the U.S. economy, I think redevelopment is starting to percolate a little bit more. Weve done a lot more anchor redeployments, box activity, you saw it in The Mills, youve seen it in the Malls in terms of that. So thats getting a little bit better, a little bit quicker. And obviously you saw our acquisition activity with Prime. So we think there will be opportunities like that that will surface.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: You know, David, given the recent compression in cap rates, I mean does this change at all your appetite for doing any transaction activity? I mean Prime clearly was an attractive level but has your view changed at all of late, given the compression in cap rates?
David E. Simon: Well, I think, look, we are always going to try to buy at the appropriate value. And if we think the fact that the real estate is too expensive were going to pass. So I think that the opportunity to really steal something is probably not here right now. But there probably is going to be opportunities where we can buy something at a decent price and be able to make money through our ability to run it a little bit better. But at the end of the day, if the real estate gets too pricey, yes, I mean were going to keep our capital powder dry. I dont know that weve gotten to that point, but I think the opportunity to really steal things at this point is probably not in the cards yet. But you know the world is, I dont know how you feel but I still think were sitting in an uncertain world. And I think thats best demonstrated by what we did in the last couple of months. I mean we extended our line, we didnt have to. We tendered for bonds and sold bonds to the extent of our duration. We didnt have to. We sold an asset because we thought it was a good price to recycle capital. We didnt have to. So were still making prudent decisions every day because you know what? I dont know about you, but I think we learned a lot in 08 and 09, even though we were as well positioned to handle any kind of crisis, I still think we learned a lot about it.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs:  And maybe for Steve, in terms of the guidance can you give us some sense of percentage rents, what youre anticipating? Is that roughly flat year-over-year? And I guess any provisions for credit losses? Are you assuming bankruptcies are fairly benign in 2010?
Stephen E. Sterrett:  Well, Jay, I mean one theres a lot of stuff that goes into kind of a single number which isnt in a [line]. But yes, I think its fair to say, David mentioned in his remarks that were seeing some improvement, you know, in the retail environment. That gradual improvement is reflected in both our thoughts about percentage rents and our thoughts about bad debt expense.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs:  In terms of same store NOI, can you break out Mills? Do we have a sense of how thats performing versus the rest of your Mall portfolio?
David E. Simon: You know The Mills are doing pretty good. I dont have that number in front of us, but we had a little bit of a setback in 09 because we lost a lot of the boxes like a Circuit City and Linens at the end of 08 that weve had a good opportunity to lease that. So I think we have growth in 10. 
Stephen E. Sterrett:  The growth in The Mills portfolio that were assuming for 10 is consistent with the range that we gave you for the overall NOI growth of the enterprise.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Rick, maybe Ill start here, is I wanted to take your temperature on the demand for space because we all hear stories about openings out there, so theyre good news stories. But I wanted to get a better sense on I guess Ill say the overall mix. I dont know if this is the best way to do it, but say last year, you know, 70% of retailers were contemplating contraction, 20% were on the fence and 10% were thinking about expanding store count. I guess how would you characterize those figures? I mean what would your sense be on where they were and where we are today?
Richard S. Sokolov:  Well, I think if you look at our occupancy numbers, weve done a good job of having the retailers maintain their footprint within our portfolio so they could be positioned to take advantage of a rebound in retail sales. So we experienced absent bankruptcy as David mentioned, I believe less contraction than perhaps other portfolios. Going forward as the sales have gotten more stable, were seeing less pressure on store closings and a larger open to buy. So I would hope that, which is why David indicated we hope that perhaps well have a slight increase in our occupancy level in 10 because our leasing activity will enable us to absorb some of that vacant space. We are doing business with a number of tenants across categories and I think its notable, although its only one store, its not insignificant that Microsoft decided the way to sell their new product is by reaching out to consumers and they opened at Mission Viejo and its doing very well. Our channel is still a very compelling one for retail distribution.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC:  I guess on that open to buy niche of the business then, I mean when you talk to retailers for activity in 2010 and 2011, I guess where is the focus? Is it on actual new unit growth, new stores coming in or are you seeing them taking this opportunity of increased vacancy to maybe reshuffle stores? And you might be the net beneficiary but how would you break down their activity? Is it possible to do that?
Richard S. Sokolov:  Not in a quantifiable way. I can tell you that anecdotally what were experiencing now are people coming in and saying we want to open new stores and there are a number of new concepts such as PS by Aero and Crazy 8 by Gymboree. Collective brands is expanding Sperry and Stride Rite. Those are relatively new concepts that are growing. Forever 21 is growing. H&M is growing, Encore is growing and those are all newer concepts so its not a reshuffling of space, its a total growth profile.
David E. Simon: Jeff, let me just say this. You know, look, 9 was a challenging year in the retail real estate world. 10 is going to be a challenging year, too. You know part of what well suffer for in 10 is the deals we did in 9 that when we did them, they were obviously the retailer was feeling a lot worse about things than they are today. So look, our numbers reflect that in terms of what we think the world will produce in 10 but it is a challenge. Retailers are very focused on expenses and rents. Theyre still closing stores. Were doing the best that we can do, but its still a challenging environment. And I dont want to obviously discuss the obvious too much, but its a better but still a challenged environment for 10. And were still working hard to produce the results that we hope to be able to produce the results in 10 on that were budgeted to.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC:  Im curious on Prime, can you share with us where sales per square foot and occupancy cost ratios are just for that portfolio?
David E. Simon: When the deal closes, well share all that, but until then theres confidentiality provisions associated with that.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC:  When you think about your goals for that portfolio and where you think operating metrics can move to over time, is this a portfolio that you think you can close the gap with Chelsea say on sales productivity at least in absolute terms? And I guess over time, does their NOI growth match Chelseas?
David E. Simon: I can say this. Their sales productivity are less than Chelsea, you know, less than our existing portfolio is today. A part of what we see as an opportunity is to re-tenant and again the Prime has done an excellent job, but part of what we see the vision for these Centers is to improve and re-tenant the mix which will hopefully drive higher sales productivity. They arent producing the results that we have today. The Outlet business obviously is a really high quality portfolio, but we think we can improve the Prime portfolio by re-tenanting and bringing in a little higher end mix.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just one last question and its for you, David, I guess. There was a lot of speculation I think in the last quarter that Simon had made an investment in General Growth securities, debt equity, etc., I guess to remove some of that. Are you of a [tell] us one interest, just as [interior] interest that you guys hold in GDP today?
David E. Simon: I really am not going to comment on that at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Rick, when you were talking about the increased calls coming in from retailers and the open to buys, etc., and can you talk a little bit more about specifically where its coming from? Is more the interest, do you see a dramatic difference when you look at the Outlet segment versus weve heard a lot about box retail leasing up and junior anchors, a lot of traction there from the strips. They are compared to the traditional regional Mall tenants. Is one tenant dramatically leading that pack in those conversations?
Richard S. Sokolov:  It is really across the portfolios. There are a number of tenants that have announced new Outlet initiatives such as New York & Co., Ann Taylor Loft, Bloomingdales Outlet, and that is providing some benefit for the Outlet portfolio and The Mills portfolio. I mentioned earlier some of the concepts that are driving the demand on the Mall side. We have been doing, as David mentioned, a good job of redeploying our box space that was available with anchors such as Best Buy, Bed Bath, Neiman Marcus, Last Call, Forever 21, H&M are all filling boxes that we had available in the various portfolios. And we should not underestimate the importance of no new development. As these boxes want to grow, weve got development at the lowest levels in 20 years, that is going to benefit the existing portfolios, increasing our market share and taking advantage of that open to buy.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan:  David, I guess when Ralphs was purchased back in 2004, my recollection is part of the reason why you folks didnt get it is you were angling just more for the retail assets and didnt necessarily want to own the land business. I mean if were thinking about the business day, youre a bigger company, I mean how do you view those non-core assets? I guess specifically looking at potentials with something with General Growth, particularly the land business.
David E. Simon: Well, I dont like the land business but that has nothing to do with Ralphs or General Growth. Thats not our business. You know our business is retail real estate, so we did venture into one land development deal. It wasnt. I blame Steve on that, but Im kidding, I was part of the decision. Its just a business we dont like. Its not our core competency. But thats not a Ralphs or general growth statement. Thats a statement for all. And I think its best exhibited as I said, I mean think about the size of our company. We have 12 parcels for $90 million on the books. So that gives you an idea if we have the land its to develop it and its not to hold it. So with that said, I think when look, the Ralphs, its very interesting to go back in 04 and I think its very important because obviously theres lots of speculation about us and General Growth. We had the opportunity in 04, as I go back and examine that time period, you know we were right at the outset of our Chelsea deal and at the same time Ralphs came up this was previous to the public obviously knowing, but I knew. We had every opportunity to buy Ralphs and it would have been frankly at that time probably hard to do both, but we certainly could have not bought the Outlet business, Chelsea, and bought Ralphs. The fact of the matter is we think Ralphs was over priced, there was no way to make the numbers work, we probably could have made them work better than General Growth because we would have refinanced it immediately. But we liked the value that Chelsea provided that obviously we continue to reap the rewards for that.  And listen, its vivid to me in 04. I had a dinner with Tony Deering. You know I had been calling on Tony for, he probably got sick of me calling on him. And he finally told me he was ready. I just couldnt believe the price he was ready at and thankfully we went in another direction. That wont be any different for any other deal that we look at.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Steve, if you did do a mortgage today, what kind of loan devalue on a regional mall do you think youd be looking at?
Stephen E. Sterrett:  Oh, you know, Rich, I would tell you the lenders and kind of the secured community is thinking about it less in terms of LTV and more in terms of debt yield. And you know on a really good quality asset, you can be down in the 12 to maybe 13% debt yield.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets:  Im curious on the European stuff, you guys did the sale and you still have the development venture. Why do that, I guess? And is that a distraction to [inaudible] those few assets like that?
David E. Simon: Well the answer is were not obligated so we have an option. And there were a couple there. Frankly it was a distraction running the company. I dont mean that negatively. The people that run that business have done a terrific job and they created a lot of value. But it was a distraction that we were running it. In this case, we have an option to participate. If there are approvals there, well get to underwrite it. If we think theres value, were in. If we dont, were out. So theres a lot less maintenance and oversight that we need to provide. And if their rights are achieved there, then therell be opportunity going forward without having to oversee it and worry about the day-to-day business. Its kind of having our cake and eating it, too, I think. And we would expect that team with Unibail could get these over the finish line and therell be some future value there for us.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets:  David, on General Growth, are you in active negotiations with those guys while they wander through this bankruptcy proceeding?
David E. Simon: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from Quentin Velleley  Citigroup.
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup:  Just a quick one on guidance. Im wondering if you can disclose what the net impact in 2010 guidance either of the two main transactions youve done being the Ivanhoe [style] which I assume might be dilutive to earnings depending on what you do with the proceeds? And obviously the Prime acquisition which would have been accretive?
David E. Simon: Yes, I think youre right on both accounts. We told the market on Prime that it will be accretive to earnings. If you just pay down debt thats costing us nothing or putting it on our balance sheet, regardless of the cap rate, it will be dilutive, Simon Ivanhoe for the short period of time. Until both close we are not going to give you individual numbers. But when they do, were happy to do that. But for the time being, its in our numbers and you are right, though. One is accretive, that being the Prime deal, and the other one is dilutive for the short run and that would be the sale.
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup:  And also with guidance, youve seen the expense recovery right increase over time. I think its almost 109% at the moment. Now I assume thats because of fixed [came] and operating expense reductions. With your guidance are you assuming a similar level of recovery right? Or do you expect that to trail off over the next few years?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Let me say this and this goes back to kind of how David and Rick have run the business over the last couple of years. We were very early to recognize the downturn and were pretty aggressive in how we reduced operating expenses while at the same time not sacrificing the quality of how we managed the assets. I think most of that cost savings we feel like weve wrung out of the business so what youre going to see is a relatively flat cost environment for 2010. Now we do get the benefit of the uptick in fixed [cam] because most of them have annual increases. But any improvement would be pretty modest.
David E. Simon: Yes, I would only say that theres another, God forbid we get into another real economic tailspin. Theres probably another lever of operating expenses we could get to, but we certainly dont want to do that. And I think Steves assumption is appropriate in that we think the general economic world out there though not certainly robust is stabilized. And with that, we think our operating expense savings is stabilized as well.
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup:  I noticed that in the fourth quarter and it happened last year as well but to a different extent, your operating expenses go down quite a bit but your repairs and maintenance go up. Is there something seasonal there or was there something that happened in the fourth quarter that explains that?
Richard S. Sokolov: The repairs and maintenance is pretty simple. We actually dont do much repair and maintenance work in the fourth quarter, but we do most of it during the warmer weather months leading up to the fourth quarter, so what youre seeing is just those expenses flow through because were capturing all the costs of all the work having been done in, say, July to October type of timeframe. Your other question?
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup:  Operating expenses in the fourth quarter drop off as well while repairs go up, operating expenses go down.
Richard S. Sokolov: Theres nothing remarkable that I can think of off the top of my head about the operating expenses. The repair and maintenance clearly has some seasonality to it because you dont do as much work in the cold winter months. Youre obviously not doing parking lots and roofs and things like that in the first quarter because of the weather. But nothing that strikes me in the operating sense. Ill take another look.
David E. Simon: It may have been we had less snow. I mean you get snow items and things like that.
Richard S. Sokolov: There are some seasonality items but nothing of significance.
David E. Simon: Well follow up if theres something extraordinary there.
Operator: Your next question comes from [David Harris]  Individual Investor
[David Harris]  Individual Investor: Yes. Thanks for taking my call. Good morning everybody. David, if we go back a couple of years, one of the reasons you gave for going global, and this was sort of a long term underpinning, was the wide gap between retail square footage per capita in the U.S. and the rest of the world. Now thats not changed in the last few years so Im just wondering do you just not put so much weight on looking at a metric like that in terms of thinking where you want to be over the next five years?
David E. Simon: No, I think its important. I think the fact is, what I think youre looking at is selling, you have to separate that from what were selling. And at the end of the day, were selling Poland which, you know, Poland has not the restrictions in the right to build that other places do. And youve got to look at where the real estate comes from that. So its certainly an advantage but what we are doing here is not a change in thinking along those lines. 
[David Harris]  Individual Investor:  And it seems to me that while I can understand say currency or a great offer can motivate your short term sort of thinking, its a great challenge for a business your size in terms of the way you want to position yourself over the next four or five years is having the capacity to deploy capital when the environment turns more favorable. And that in particular and probably business means having the personnel on the ground that can actually put the capital to work effectively.
David E. Simon: Yes, and I think thats where if you understood what we own there, though a good platform, is not going to take us to that next level that youre talking about. 
[David Harris]  Individual Investor:  Okay.
David E. Simon: This was a good development team success in Poland. You know Poland is a nice country but its still Poland, okay? 
[David Harris]  Individual Investor: Thats all right. Im not Polish.
David E. Simon: You know Warsaws a great city, but its still Warsaw. And the team there is not a team that can, though good and talented in what they do, is not a team thats going to take us, create the your clean platform that we have here anywhere else.
[David Harris]  Individual Investor:  And then your thinking on China, that seems to be rather more sort of strategic in thinking. It seemed to me that you were implying that you think the great consumer society is going to take a little longer to come around and you [inaudible]?
David E. Simon: Well, look, we always knew going in it was a significant risk. Were one of the few, Im personally now, others arent, I mean Im a little more bearish on that consumer than a lot of people. Every time I talk to a retailer he thinks Im crazy. But what we built and where we built it, even though we were well executed and well leased, the moderate consumer, i.e., lets say the suburban mall here as an analogy, they do not spend the way you need to, to support the rental income stream that you need to, to support the yield that you need to support. And the big reason is because in my opinion theres no social safety net there. You dont have employee benefits. You dont have Medicare or you dont have retirement benefits. And the consumer there in that range is very, very conservative. Now when you go to the fancy cities with the [xpads] and the well compensated Chinese, you do get good retail production. In addition, I mean theres so much that was built there in so short a time, that its hard to know whats really great. I mean aside from the obvious places in Beijing and Shanghai and some of the other major cities. Its not obvious whats really great real estate and if youre going to do it, youve got to be there for a long time and youve got to sort it out. And so much is being built that I dont know if Id call it a bubble, but theres going to be winners and losers and you know what? We were okay, we lost a little, were ready to. Again, in 09 what we learned, David, is its good for us to be really a little bit more focused. So China was a distraction. Lets move it aside. It wasnt obvious. The platform that we had in Europe, we didnt see a way to get really bigger, really more meaningful, so that became a distraction. We got a really good offer. We made a lot of money. We believe euros headed down, pretty much right on that.  And these are decisions that we make all the time. Wed rather be bigger and bolder elsewhere. Being little and insignificant is a distraction.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: David, your company already owns about 20% of the malls in the U.S. Your comments on the call suggested that your capital deployment over the next couple of years is going to be focused on U.S. retail acquisitions and presumably mall acquisitions will be a primary focus for you. And Im curious, as you think about playing an additional role as consolidator of U.S. mall business, where if anywhere antitrust considerations come into play? And Im particularly interested as I speculate on a Simon GDP combination which would result in a company that would own 50% of the higher quality malls in the country and really result in a monopoly position in a couple of markets. Can you provide your comments on how antitrust may or may not impede your ability to play that consolidator role?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I certainly cant comment on behalf of the FTC. I would suggest that some of your statements I disagree with in terms of market share and monopoly. We certainly would argue strenuously that neither of those occur with or without GDP or anybody else. Retail real estate is very diverse. Theres a lot of it out here. Lets face it, the average consumer has 22 per square foot per capita and the retailers have lots of options. So I guess, Jim, I really cant comment on FTC or anybody else for that matter in terms of antitrust implications. But I dont agree with your statement on monopoly or market share. And I think, as you know, theres a lot of retail real estate out there and its very diverse. And retailers go in and out of product all the time. And I dont think you can look at one particular segment or one particular market. You know we have a great challenge in physical real estate with the Internet. You know we are giving the advantage to Internet retailers because they dont collect sales tax from the consumer, which is a great disservice to the local Mom and Pops that are out there paying employee taxes and sales taxes and trying to make ends meet. Thats a tremendous travesty that exists here that weve got as an industry focus on. Beyond that, theres really not much I can add to your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: As you look at the 2010 expiring rents, its 37 to 74, which is about 70% below 09. Would you say that thats a function that these rents are just farther below market than you had in 09 or is there a qualitative difference in the space thats expiring?
David E. Simon: No. Our portfolio is so diverse that theres not a qualitative difference. Its just thats what happens to be expiring. So its pretty consistent year in and year out in terms of the quality.
Richard S. Sokolov:  Thats 6 million square feet of space so its a very broad sampling. So it wouldnt be a qualitative slice that would impact that.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.:  So based on the $43 bucks that youre signing in the second part of 09 its pretty safe to say you would expect a significant ramp back up to where your historical rent spreads are?
David E. Simon: Well, look, I dont think we can get to historical numbers just yet until theres a stronger economy and stronger demand from retailers. But I think it does reinforce as I said our premise that we still think our leases are under market. Thats why weve been able to generate higher rents. Its just that the productivity that were able to generate would indicate we still have room there. But its obviously the ability to generate higher rents is impacted by the current state of the economy. So a good insurance policy to have and we think well be positive. Thats what our budget is. But I dont think were in an environment where that we go back to quite the historical numbers weve produced over the years.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.:  You had spoken on the last call that you had made a calculated decision with a few retailers to push off signing leases, taking a wait and see attitude for the holiday season. Just with the benefit of hindsight here, was the holiday season strong enough to get you those higher rents?
Richard S. Sokolov:  Yes. Absolutely. We are I think going to benefit as we go into 10 and negotiations. As we commented earlier not just sales strengths but more importantly cash flow and profitability have been substantially better for these retailers. And when you read all the retail analysts, they are now saying to the retailers how are you going to grow your top line? 2009 was are you going to maintain? 2010 is hopefully growth but as David said earlier theres still a difficult environment out there but it is clearly better now than it was.
David E. Simon: And Id say, Nate, we certainly didnt get hurt you know by that decision. Right now the bets still out there. Weve still get to finish 10 deals but were certainly in the game.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.:  Where do you stand on 010 expirations?
Richard S. Sokolov: We are about 63% through our 10 and thats about where we were this time last year.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session for todays program. I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. David Simon for any closing remarks.
David E. Simon: All right. Thanks everybody for your time and questions and have a great Super Bowl weekend. And obviously were expecting you to root for the Colts. Take care.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Simon - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Rich Sokolov - President & Chief Operating Officer Steve Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer Shelly Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Kunal - Morgan Stanley Christy McElroy - UBS Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs Alex Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill Craig Schmidt - Banc of America Michael Mueller - JP Morgan David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets Jim Sullivan - Green Street advisors
Operator: Good day and welcome to the third quarter 2009 Simon Property Group earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of the presentation at which time you may participate for pressing star one (Operator Instructions) I will turn the presentation over to your host for today, Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Shelly Doran: Thank you. Welcome to Simon Property Groups third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Please be aware that statements made during this call that are not historical maybe deemed forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to variety of risks and uncertainty. Please refer to our filings at the Securities and Exchange Commission for a detailed discussion of these terms. Acknowledging the fact that this call maybe webcast for some time to come, we believe its important to note that the call includes time sensitive information that may be accurate only as of todays date October 30, 2009.  The companys supplemental information package was filed earlier today as Form 8-K. This filing is available via mail or email and it is posted on the Simon website in the Investor Section under financial information, quarterly supplemental packages. Participating in todays call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;  Rich Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David Simon: Good morning everybody. We reported diluted FFO per share of $1.38 for the quarter, which was $0.05 higher than the first call, and once again, were pleased with our financial and operational performance. Occupancy in all of our domestic platforms is up sequentially from 6/30/09, Mills was up a 150 basis points and Regional Mall and Premium Outlet Centers increased 50 basis point and Community, Center, Lifestyle platforms increased 40 basis points. We saw a decline in the Regional Mall retail sales in the third quarter as compared to third quarter of 08 with comparable sales as of September 30 were $430, the decline in sales for September over September was much lower than any month year-to-date. Preliminary reports from retailers regarding October have been encouraging. We believe our retailers will have a decent holiday season. Premium Outlet comparable sales were relatively stable in the third quarter at $492 per square foot, down only $1 from 6/30/09, and we actually were up in September on a comparable sales per square foot, Mall leasing spreads were $4.04 for the first nine months of 2009, average base rent was at 9/30/09 was $40.05, up 2% for the year earlier period. Premium outlet releasing spread continues to be strong at $9.25 per square foot for the first nine months of 09. Average base rent for the outlets at 9/30/09 was $32.95 per square foot up from the year earlier period. Comp property NOI growth for the first nine months of 2009, was up six tenths of a percent for the Malls and NOI growth has been impacted by higher bad debt expense resulting from tenant bankruptcies, as well as overdraft due to lower tenant sales in 2009 as compared to 2008 yet we are still up over the year and our Premium Outlet portfolio comp property NOI was 6.5% for the first nine months. Let me just turn to capital markets and reflect a touch SPG returned capital markets in August with $500 million principal amount of five year senior unsecured notes they were priced to yield 5.46% the maturity. Our third quarter capital activities also included $400 million mortgage financing for three malls, additionally redeemed 40 million of preferred units the weighted average rate of just under 8%. Beginning of 09 there was an incredible amount of uncertainty over the ability of capital and either the secured and unsecured markets during our call late January when we discussed environment which was unlikely that we would initial in the bond market and we might need to be paid insuring bonds with our credit facility and the secured debt financing would be difficult. Markets have significantly improved from the first quarter and we worked very intelligently in the execution of capital markets activity in 2009. The volume of completed and in process transactions is considerable put the equity that we have raised aside we have thus for issued three unsecured bond offerings totaling $1.75 billion. We have completed or expect to complete before year end approximately $3.3 billion of secured financing comprised of new loans as well as refinancing. Our share of those financing and secured financing is approximately $2 billion. First a few details on these new loans. We have completed 18 loans, totaling $1.5 billion and $1.25 billion of that was from life companies. Our share of the completed new loans was $1.1 billion, weighed average interest rate on the loans was 7.2% and the weighted average life was seven years. By year end we expect to close an additional seven new refinancing tolling $450 million of which our shares a 150 million. Eight new lenders on these new financings are new secured capital providers to SPG. In addition, we had the contractual rate or renegotiated loan extensions of 1.3 billion in 2009 our share of that was $750 million. Our spreads of continued to rally, CDS spreads are quoted currently at 150 beds which is rally from 550 basis points from the highs in early March in fact was the highest of which was in December of 08 at least 750 basis points.  As of September 30, 2009 we had $4 billion of cash on hand, including our share of joint venture cash, which is approximately $11.50 per share. Availability and our corporate credit facility is $3 billion, generating illiquidity of position of $7 billion.
, :
, :
 :
 :
 : Now let me turn the turn to guidance we increased the low end and maintained the high end of our 2009 FFO guidance taking into account the $0.03 diluted impact of our $500 million note issuance, which was not included in our previous guidance that we issued at the end of this second quarter. The current FFO guidance therefore is $5.40, $5.50 and of course youll recall that includes 42% impairment from our holdings in Liberty non-cash. We have a solid in financial and operational performance in the third quarter. Im proud of that. Our year-to-date activity has produced good results in a very, very challenging difficult market. We remain focused on operations and we continue to believe that we are well positioned for growth, given our balance sheet and access for capital. With that said, were ready for questions.
 : Now let me turn the turn to guidance we increased the low end and maintained the high end of our 2009 FFO guidance taking into account the $0.03 diluted impact of our $500 million note issuance, which was not included in our previous guidance that we issued at the end of this second quarter. The current FFO guidance therefore is $5.40, $5.50 and of course youll recall that includes 42% impairment from our holdings in Liberty non-cash. We have a solid in financial and operational performance in the third quarter. Im proud of that. Our year-to-date activity has produced good results in a very, very challenging difficult market. We remain focused on operations and we continue to believe that we are well positioned for growth, given our balance sheet and access for capital. With that said, were ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from [Kunal] - Morgan Stanley. 
Kunal - Morgan Stanley: Could you provide color on where you are currently with respect to your 2010 lease expirations and on that basis how you feel about an expert next year?
Rich Sokolov: This is Rick. So far through September 30, 2009 to 2010 were about 44% through our renewals and either excluded, were in progress. Were making very good progress there. Compared that to September 30, 2008 we were about 53% through our 09 renewals and so were a little bit behind, but part of that is the deliberate strategy on our part to delayed renewals that are coming up in the second half of 2010, because we believe we will have a more advantageous environment to negotiate those renewals.
Kunal - Morgan Stanley: Also, although there havent been many transactions, it appears as a cap rates for B malls have moved, higher relative to A malls. Have you reconsider the possibility of stepping into the market acquire B quality malls either on your own or possibility in an institutional JV? 
David Simon: I guess the answer is, we look at everything thats available and if we like the property and we like the price and we like the growth characteristics, well take a hard look at it. 
Kunal - Morgan Stanley: Also do you have in the outlook for lease termination fees in Q4, whether they will be materially higher or lower, which is the current run rate? 
Steve Sterrett: Year-to-date, 09 compared to year-to-date 08 is generally almost right on top of each other. There maybe a little bit more activity at the fourth quarter, but nothing thats going to move the needle in any significant way.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christy McElroy - UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Just looking at your mall releasing spreads, which forward from 17% in the first half to about 11% year-to-date, which could imply the spreads were flat to negative in Q3. Somewhat I understand your spreads are calculated based on store openings rather than leases sign. So what Im looking at is effectively a lagging spread number that reflect of leases signed three to six months ago, if I understand right. So what Im wondering is, given that you know where leases are being signed today. Was that flat to down number sort of an anomaly based on the mix of leases you were signing any time or is this a new run rate, such that youre no longer signing leases at a positive spread? 
Rich Sokolov: I mean it is positive $4 and its all performing just about so far every one that I have seen. Weve always said its $5 to $6. We were going to be impacted. Were not immune to the economy, but we are proud of our for dollar spread. We still think that we have leases that are under market and I mean obviously negotiating REIT in a tough economic environment is more challenging, but the fact is its a positive spread. I havent seen that anywhere else and were proud of that. 
Christy McElroy - UBS: Absolutely, but if youre backing into sort of a Q3 number, should we just not read into anything and just look at the nine month numbers?
David Simon: I think there is always a reaction to quarterly performance and real estate is better viewed over a longer period of time, but thats your job so Ill let you do that, but the fundamentals of our business have not changed. We are dealing with tough economic environment. Its realistic to assume that when youre in the process of negotiating leases in the tough economic environment, youre going to have to be sensitive to that it, but the fact of the matter is over a longer period of time, we think our leases are under market and will continue to prove that.
Christy McElroy - UBS: We saw that you took the management contract at the Galleria in Dallas from general growth are there any of their opportunities there? Can you speak generally about your strategies as it relates to third-party management?
David Simon: I guess, I would not say that we took it. We were asked, if we were interested and given its a good market and a very good center, we decided, we also have a relationship with the owner and that was our primary focus. I do not think our strategy is to change. We will occasionally do it for people that we know and we have a relationship with, but beyond that I dont think its going to change. We are not out soliciting third-party management contracts. Occasionally, theyll come to us and given the relationship we have with certain institutional investors well consider it.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Lastly on the recovery ratio, I notice that it was a little bit above average in the quarter. In your efforts to reduce overall CAM on what percentage of your tenants are on fixed CAM? Is that helping your recovery ratio? So expenses were down, but youre still getting the recoveries from a portion of your tenants?
Steve Sterrett: Were about 80% converted to fixed CAM right now, so you are exactly right as we have done a good job in managing the costs, 80% of that benefit fall into our bottom.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Just a follow-up on that, I mean to what extent are you reducing CAM expenditures that you typically capitalize? Could that potentially reduce your recovery ratios? Is the recoveries that youre getting from tenants that not that its a huge percentage with 20%, but the tenants that are not on fixed CAM that recovery declines.
Steve Sterrett: Its not meaningful, Im were managing the capital expenditures at the Mall it seem where weve always been.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer: I was wondering if you could comment on the credit provisions that you took we saw that they decline substantially. Is there anything behind that or youre just assuming that youre not going to see as much increase in bad debt or if you can maybe provide a color on that?
Steve Sterrett: We look at the different categories of receivables and put a reserve them that bidding of what category that they fall in? Interestingly, enough our receivables were actually down third quarter of 09 compared to third quarter of 08, so you see that in the small bad debt expense
David Simon: I would say, we collected more cash than we had already expensed probably in the first couple of quarters and thats because, weve been aggressive in collecting rent. Thats the business and I think thats partly because, there were a handful of tenants that were really uncertain about the world. They feel a little bit better and theyre starting to pay their bills in a more timely manner, which really excites me.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer: So its your expectation that line will stay at a fairly low number for the next few quarters at least?
Steve Sterrett: All it takes is one unknown bankruptcy, its part of our guidance, were still anticipating kind of the difficult environment that exists and it can move up and down a little bit, but its really a function of the first couple of quarters, we reserved a lot of expenses because they were slow in paying bills and I made sure, they paid as much as what we were entitled to.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer: I was going through your top 10 list and notice that you asked about 23 stores quarter-over-quarter and from your remarks earlier in the call you did obviously mentioned that there was some tenants replacing that I am just wondering what part of your portfolio, is it the bottom third that you are seeing a lot of these top tenants pullout of and just maybe give some color around that?
David Simon: Well, leasing the challenge, but we are up from the second quarter were down from last year and it could be a function of the sales performance of a certain retailer and certain part of the market. It could be a function that theyre in eight property and they cannot afford to free. So, again I think you have got a drill down to the specific retail asset to do that, but it has been a combination of regional issues and/or not been able to afford the rent or the fact is that we would rather have this space back empty then to keep the renters that we could probably kept the tenant for so. There is a handful of reasons why that happens. We cannot rely on to just one tenant to drive our occupancy. Were hitting the streets were scaling the country and were looking for growth tenants and were doing okay given the environment.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer: Then lastly, just of trying to get an update on the acquisition front in terms of what opportunities are seeing, is pressing adjusted and the opportunities if you looking at both domestically and internationally and do you think that you could potentially be able to close anything before the year end or is this more likely a 2010 story?
David Simon: Well, where the years, I am thinking about ten right now frankly we are evaluating a number of opportunities, well see what happens but we can be very patient. In addition, I will say that I do not think on our plate on the acquisition side is any international activity at this point. Were focused domestically were looking at a few opportunities, but I think its safe to say that, nine to do anything in nine would is probably not going to occur.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman - Citigroup
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Just a question on the average base rent and I think its effectively may bring the full circle on the lease spreads. The average base rents sequentially went down by about 60 basis points and I know its up 2% year-over-year. Did that reflect sort of this at least potential negative of these spreads that were lease in the quarter or rent concessions or what else maybe impacting that average base rent number. Which and I know it small, but it went from 4029 sequentially down 4005.
Steve Sterrett: Michael, it is Steve. I mean there are a lot of things that are going to impact that as David talked about in his prepared remarks on our occupancy is up year-over-year in a little bit and the mix of stores that close thats an example and what those tenants were pain coming out of the mix would be another factor. So, you cannot look at it only in the context and try to impute what it might lease in square perspectives.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: I would just point out, I mean that quarter analysis it can be impacted by mixed more than, a year amount would be. So, I know its a year-to-date number, but you just can not overreact in terms of that at this point like I said I think the longer picture is, yet its getting tougher and has been tougher, to maintain our historical lease spreads. There is no denying that and yet were still able to Eka deposit of spread and positive NOI growth but is it a challenge. Yes. Do I see it turning negative? The answer is no, but its a volatile market and sales, and the mood of the tenant is important and weve been in a very tough retail environment. The good news on all of that is that, this is no guarantee, but the mood from our clients is better and theyre thinking more about 10 and hopefully, theyll have a positive holiday season and the store count will grow in 2010, but theres a level of uncertainty out there. 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: I think you mentioned that your peers have done this quarter and giving with the effective was 4% rent relief off of the total NOI. You do not have that going on? 
Steve Sterrett: Michael, at the margin there could be a little bit of impact there. Our 2009 rent relief in total will be under $10 million and into $7 million to $8 million range. As I think we said on the call last quarter, we havent seen much of it year-to-date, so its a little bit back and weighted as you look at the impact on the average fees rent. It could have a nominal impact, but its a small number in the context of the size of our income statements.
David Simon: Lets talk about rent relief just philosophically for a second if we could. Our view on rent relief is that, if youre in national tenant and you have a lease you have to abide by it and occasionally be modified that statement if we think that the tenant is on the verge of a bankruptcy or something along those lines and we think our help, obviously this is not just us. It takes essentially the landlord community as well as their suppliers. We work together to try and keep the retailer out of bankruptcy. We have done that with one national tenant of any size this year. Now, look when the lease expires, all bets are off, right. Theyre going to try and get the lowest rent they can and were going to try and get the highest rent and in some cases we win, in some cases they win. Most of the time to tried to figure it out, so that it works to both parties advantage. Now, lets talk about local retailers. Local retailers, frankly if theyre screaming and we dont have an immediate use, we may grand rent relief of a little bit more generously on the local tenant, but again that would be driving the number more than in the national regional tenet. 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Just in terms of the $4 billion of cash. I know that you obviously looking for opportunities, but if nothing came up that was suitable to you, whats sort of the Tom timeframe were you would start to pay down debt or maybe buyback debt and the reason I ask, because obviously the FFO impact can be quite significant on what assumption that you will make? 
David Simon: Weve already earmarked in our own mind next year a lot of that capital payback debt, but right now as some going into the market and paining a premium for our debt, which were not overly excited about doing. We will do a couple things, obviously we have some unsecured bonds, which will payoff with cash and then we will unencumbered assets next year as either of those mature and/or come out to their window, where we would incur a prepayment penalty. Now, most of that, if you look at the schedules a little more backend weighted, but we are suffering through read somewhere that someone is getting 50 basis points on their cash. Were getting less than that. So Im going to call that person and find out, why theyre getting 50 versus our 30 to 40. They maybe buying auction very preferred to all, but I hope to got were not. So we will earmark that, but its going to be for wholly-owned assets, where we dont incur prepayment penalty in our unsecured bonds, but unfortunately most of that stuff is coming out made to the end of next year. 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Just one last one, I think you maybe comment before with international acquisition of change, it really have anything on the tender at the moment, is that a function of, like US dollar or are there other things going on there? Is it is the lack of opportunities youre seeing? 
David Simon: Its a function of number of things. I do think the weakness in the dollar makes obviously a much challenging proposition. Its a function of we think there are going to be or there are better opportunities in the U.S. Also, we have created a value in our absent unfortunately liberty, but we created value and our international activities. Were accepting our competitive advantages there and until we have that assessment done, I think were better off focusing here on the domestic opportunities, which are a little more powerful at better values. If you bet wrong on the dollar right now, you could get destroyed and we dont want to see that and I just think ultimately, theres going to be more. I feel more comfortable with the pricing here versus elsewhere that the opportunities are better in the U.S. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Sakwa - ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group: Couple of questions, David, could you just go back to your early comments about the sales trend. You mentioned that September was much lower, but I dont think you quantify that? Could you give us some monthly progression of these higher sales?
David Simon: The outlet business was up $1.5 million and the mall business was down $5 million. I think the next question is why were down a little bit more than some of our peer groups? We do have more exposure to Florida and California than probably a lot of people to understand and then I think thats a great long term position to be in, because those are clearly greet long term economies and great population migration and all sorts of those demographic items. They have been hit the hardest and Florida, has suffered more than people realize and I believe weve also obviously had some exposure to Las Vegas, which has been hit recently hard. So I think when you look at those areas that I probably why were just a little bit higher sales decline and then in other top mall companies. 
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group: Then you mentioned that October was encouraging. I guess it was your expectation or do you believe that you could be in the positive camp in Q4 here?
David Simon: Its very interesting and Ill let Rick comment on this. Weve had a well known retail analyst. I dont know if she wants a plug or not, but we probably should asked here. She came and presented to our Board yesterday. We also had a major CEO come and see us. Other major retailers come to see us, Monday I guess. Theyre feeling better now. A lot of it depends on how they plan their inventory The fact of the matter is that comps compared to last year still could be down just because they have a lot less inventory, but with that results to be very, very pleased because their margins are going to stay intact and I will tell you just what I know and what weve asked. There are some that are planning up. There are some that are planning down, but they all feel good about the business. Rich, I dont know if you want to?
Rich Sokolov:
 : One of the areas that this is really in every size theyre caring less of the same size and every one feels very well positioned and if in fact theres a slight up tick in consumer demand. Youre going to see substantially better price performance, margin performance and cash flow performance. 
David Simon: I guess, what I would say to you is, its a little bit whats happening in sales year-to-date. I mean it may come in with less comps, but they maybe tickled pink by its and unless costs are down 20% thats not going to be good, but if theyre down and again it depends on the retailer. If theyre down 5% to 6% they maybe really happy with that and thats why weve just to be careful on how we look at that number. 
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group: I guess to that point, Rick, you said your renewals, I guess kind of 44% done for the business or kind of your 10 and thats a little bit behind kind of where you were last year. I guess what level of sales would get you kind of excited or maybe even disappointed about kind of the continued leasing velocity, is there sort of a breakpoint that you think about?
Rich Sokolov: The retailers that were deal with are certainly focused on sales, but they are for more focus today on profitability and cash flow, which leads to capital allocation for new stores or remodeled stores upon renewal. What we face in 2009 was most retailers saying, Were preserving our cash, because were unsure about our line and were unsecured about our ability to finance. Now that they have better cash margins than better cash on deposit, were now hearing that they are allocating money for new open to buys and I think David gave you a list in his comments of those stores that are looking at that. So I think it is going to be less correlated with sales and more correlated with profitability and cash flow generation.
Operator: Your next question comes from of Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: David, you mentioned using cash to pay down unsecured and pay down additional debt. Just two parts of the questions, I guess one is do you have a deleveraging goal and you already at six times I guess net debt to EBITDA, but do you see that trending lower and obviously you mentioned the positive impact thats had on your cost of capital thus far this year? The second question, I guess can you speak to the dividend. What you think about reinstating at some point the cash dividend?
David Simon: I think obviously that we have always fell for even with kind of the market correction that we are in good strong financial shape, but you can never be too conservative in todays fall to world. So the answer to that is that I do think we will continue to deleverage. Other than, Jay, I think that if we see an opportunity that could add value to our shareholders. We could see a temporary spike up and then obviously towards trying to get down to where we are. So we feel really very good where we are. I dont think we would need to go lower, but I think we want to be as stable as we can. Now, with respect to the dividend, Ill tell you right clear and unequivocally where were headed, obviously I say this subject to Board and discussed with the Board and its obviously subject to market conditions, but we plan on paying cash next year and thats our goal. We do not see anything right now that would dexterous from that goal. It will be around are taxable income, which is kind of around where we are this year, if you add it all up, maybe it depends on the transactions and if we can accelerate certain tax depreciation and it gives a little complicated, but our goal would be going for next year to clear the dividend $0.60. I think we would look to start paying cash at that level or near that level next year with no common equity. 
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Then just a second question, can you give us some sense of just the dollar volume. What youre considering for acquisition to this point? Is it $1 billion dollar range, youre talking about $5 billion and also can you give us some sense of the returns? I know returns clearly youre looking at higher returns six months ago, but how youre thinking is today?
David Simon: Weve got to have higher returns. Theres no question about that. We are in a riskier world and we would expect to achieve those if we deploy capital. Jay, I really cant do that, because if I gave you, it just tough for us to really go. We just have to see obviously if we do anything, well lead it out, well have a chance to discuss it, but at this point I cannot shed much light on that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill. 
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill: I just want to take a look at the temporary tenants for this holiday season. Is it pretty much on par with the amount of tenants that you had last year and what percent of NOI comes from the temporary tenants that setup for the holidays?
Steve Sterrett: I will just comment on the velocity of that business and weve been able to maintain that business pretty constant with last year. We have been aggressively canvassing all of the properties in our markets as David mentioned, because we think this is about market share and we believe there are many compromised properties operating in the same markets as our malls and we want to bring in the tenants into our properties. So they can see if they can do business and just increase our market share, which will in turn increase our pricing power. 
David Simon: I just would add that the cart business, were looking at business in two areas. We have the cart business and we have temporarily income, when we lose inline store and we put a temporary tenant in that inline store. You walk a thousand miles and you know exactly what Im talking about. I will say this the cart business, were making the deals, but rent is a little under pressure there and were having to do a little more volume to makeup for the last rent, because it kind of obviously Christmas last year was disappointing for that tenant and so were turning and burning a little bit more than weve had to do in the past. We think we can bring it in and totality kind of where we were last year. This is a business, a lot of its a cash business in the sense that you cannot really base a lot of it, and there are a number of national tenants that claim that business as well. Weve made of some of it by bringing a new uses like, Im sure youve read about the toys
Steve Sterrett: Weve about 25, toys are up seasonal stores that seem to be initially performing very well for them and we hope to be able to grow that into permanent stores and have them comeback into the malls in a long term basis. 
David Simon: As long as, Vornado doesnt negotiate the rent with them will be fine. So that business is challenging. Were doing a lot more volume to makeup for the softness in rent, but there is an unknown. Again, this is all on the margin for us, but theres a little bit of an unknown in terms of how we deliver for year end.
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill: In terms of which part is more challenging filling, vacant inline or filling the carts and also just looks kind of NOI, comes from? 
David Simon: Its really per cart rental.
Rich Sokolov: Its not even so much getting the carts least. Its getting the pushback on the rents there. 
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill: What about success in filling the inline, is that pretty much on par with last year?
David Simon: Yes, thats right. 
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill: Then just a final question is probably more for Steve. You talked about unsecured, you talked about secured, what are your thoughts on converts and is that an area that youd look at or you guys with stick with more traditional sort of five, seven, tenure unsecured debt. 
Steve Sterrett: We have had and actually still do have converts in the capital structure. We did in a public deal. They typically have been issued as a bridge security as part of an acquisition. The market is very attractive right now, but as we talked about with a couple earlier calls weve got $4 billion in cash that were sitting on today. So its not like we have a ready use for the proceeds, but it is a market thats a very open, very attractive right now and something that were clearly paying attention to it. 
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill: Can you give us a sense of pricing? 
Steve Sterrett: Yes, our coupon would be today sub three with a premium of probably 30 percentages. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Schmidt - Banc of America. 
Craig Schmidt - Banc of America: Looking over the last four quarters, youre same store NOI has been more resilient than your mall peers. Im wondering if there was one fact that you might attribute that to? 
David Simon: Its hard to say. I dont think theres one factor. I just think, Craig, were focused individuals.
Craig Schmidt - Banc of America: It looks like you picked up about 250,000 in occupancy in the mills. Im wonder if thats related to the big box comments and if could name some of boxes that came in? 
Steve Sterrett: In fact we have and there have been a lot of activity in mills, in the big boxes. As you know when that platform the box square footage and the small shop was included in their occupancy. We have brought in the last nine months two Neiman Marcus last calls. The outlet Christmas Tree Shops, Bed, Bath & Beyond, H&M, Best Buy, I mean these properties are very well located in our Forever 21. I think that the point that David made in his comments about the flight to quality. What were seeing is that these big box users now understand that they are going to be advantaged by getting the incremental traffic that they get in a mills environment, while still having their own entering in their own parking field and visibility as opposed to being in a smaller math strips center. So were finding a lot more interest in the boxes that become available. Were also in the process of making deals with [Swede Lake] 10, 3:15 and Legoland that are part of Maryland and that will also just add market share to the properties. 
Craig Schmidt - Banc of America: Also if I take the bed debt fourth quarter same store sales are positive? 
Steve Sterrett: Craig, there are a number of retailers that feel that way, but the world is volatile, so we will moves better from them for sure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Mueller - JP Morgan.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan: Just going back to acquisitions for a second, your comments a couple minutes ago about, if you do something youll see leverage stickup a little bit, but you would certainly laid out, it doesnt necessarily sound like a pipeline of smaller one off deals and it sounds like something bigger in scale. Am I reading a little too much into that or is that to think about? 
David Simon: The answer is, weve identified roughly 30-ish recent new lifestyle centers that are in distress. Its interesting because we thought maybe that would be a great opportunity. Rick and I have gone over and theres maybe one or two that we would pursue and I think historically, we have done our staff. Over the last few years its been on the bigger scale. So I guess if there are those opportunities, its logical to conclude that it will probably be more of that than the individual ones. Theres not a lot of individual stuff out there and distressed retail, I mean its distressed for a reason and in some of it will be good long term. Were evaluating that, but we were one very surprised to know, there are at least thirty something in trouble thats a lot, because lot of these were high land values, high construction costs, but even more surprising is that at the end of the day, that 30 plus is only two or three that would let our whistle.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan: Going back to the core for a second and I think you answered this in some prior questions, but when you were talking about the leasing spreads and I guess the comments were coming up about Q3. Is it fair if were thinking about the 44% or 43% of leases that have been addressed for 2010, that if we look at a year-to-date basis for 09, the spreads of that whats coming upper in the vicinity of that year-to-date number, even if its a little bit lower, but some were in the ballpark? 
Rich Sokolov: I think its hard to generalize. As David said, every lease is its own story. Every property is its own story and while its a significant amount of square footage that we are dealing with, theres no trend if we have rolled over is coming over in the weaker property that going to impact the spread, when the rollovers are coming over in a better property thats going to move it up. I think we have a large enough base and a large enough sample that as David said, were still going to generate positive spreads and were just very focused on running the business, making the best deal we can for each of these renewals.
David Simon: I think again, any moment point in time youve got to be careful with it. I guess at any point in time youve got to be careful to draw too much from. Partly, the reason were below 09 versus 08 is that we want to wait. Were hopeful that a better Christmas season, holiday season will give more confidence to the retailer and we can negotiate a better deal, thats part of it. Some of it is, the retailer saying, Listen, I want to see, how they are? We wouldnt be accurate saying that, its all part of that strategy. Part of it is, they want to wait and see how they shakeout and the trend maybe working in our favor. Remember, 08 was different than 09 in terms of the mood for the retailer even though it certainly was not robust, but the retail world didnt end until kind of mid September. So we have those commitments they were pretty much done by the time that we reported the September 30 numbers. So its tougher right now. Were confident that we still have the spread. The spread will come under pressure because were dealing with a tough economic environment. There will be pressure on occupancy like we have seen in 09. Even with that said, because of where we are in the industry, we will continue to outperform our peer group, but were not immune to the bigger picture right now and our results indicate it. I mean we are 60 basis points up, which some would feel good about. We want to be 300 basis points up. So were feeling it, were doing the best that we can in that tough environment, but certainly these numbers will feel pressure and youre seen it.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan: Lastly, for Steve, if I look out in terms of secured debt coming to over the next couple of years, it seems like the malls that are almost certain to be unencumbered, you have Georgia, Forum Shops, Copley, any others that are on that list as well?
David Simon: Thats the majority was, Michael, there could be another one or two in Nikon there, but for 2010 those are certainly the ones that we focused on.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: When you look at the GDP same store leasing numbers that are running negative 20%, they have commented that they dont believe your numbers and I dont want to beat this force to debt on the leasing spreads this quarter and I understand your hesitancy on a single quarter number, but the third quarter denominator is the biggest quarter in terms of how you report leasing spread? Given that you were up 17% year-to-date at the end of June and now about of 10%, it would appear that you mathematically have to have a negative number in the third quarter, so youre saying you have a high confidence level in the $4 spread, well see how that works going forward and all we have at this point is a one quarter trend line. What are we to make GDP overlay against to you, simply that they are not a good counterparty to the tenants anymore or having to give up rent compared to?
David Simon: David, you can ask them. I have no comment on that other than I think weve answered that we asked and answered frankly other than what the spread has come under pressure. Were not denying that. Were still got a spread and we told you that the spread has always been kind of $5 to $6, weve outperformed in a better economy. Were not quite getting the $5 spread in a tougher economy, its still positive. Were not done with 10. Well see how 10 shakes out. The good news is that the environment is getting better. So the pressure may subside to some extent, but I have no comments on somebody accusing us of that. I wont give that
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Youre obviously looking at GDP. Can you give us any comment on why you think there rent spreads are so negative?
David Simon: No, absolutely not.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: With respect to mills, are there any remaining significant cleanup items with respect to that acquisition? Can you give us a status for example of the Class Action Suit that was filed a couple years ago?
David Simon: It is in a process of being dealt with according to our plan, but theres some technicalities associated with it, but its pretty much in the rearview mirror for us.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Lastly, you had a couple of assets that went back to lenders this year appropriately, so as you look forward, how does your watch list look in terms of non-recourse givebacks?
David Simon: I think if it gets to that point it will be extremely, very much on the margin for us. Our preference would be to figure out, how to work with the lender, but it cant happen in all of the cases. So if in fact, it happens again, it will very much to be on the margin and theres no guarantee that will happen again.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: Rick, I want to follow-up on your point about strategy did the renewals for late 2010, is that premise on your expectation for a strong holiday and I guess particular economic outlook for 2010? Im just curious, what your assumptions are? Do you think that decision one way or the other?
Rich Sokolov: I think that it is lesser a function of the strong holiday with respect to sales, but theres an assumption that its not really the assumption, its based on talking to the retailers, which David and I are doing a whole lot of every date that theyre feeling better and we have absolutely seen several instances of retailers that were in here in the second quarter asking for rent relief and modifications and then came back in the third quarter and said, Looks like, were okay. We dont need anything. Were going to make it. Obviously, we believe that with their inventory policies with the cash flow generation with where we believe they will be on profitability in the fourth quarter. We will have a more welcoming environment to have those discussions with the retailers for the renewals in the back half of 10. I mean were very focused on the 1/31/10 renewals. Were getting those done that. Tomorrow, were putting that in place, but were hopeful that these retailers will be in a better position and frankly, as I read all of the retail analysts and all of their ratings and their movements virtually all of the retailers are getting upgrades and more positive outlooks based on the expectation that theres going to be a more profitable Christmas, which may or may not be related to more sales.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: I guess then set our expectations for early 2010, do you think well see fewer store closers this time around post holiday season?
Rich Sokolov: While we certainly had had a significant number of bankruptcies in year-to-date in 2009 and I would certainly hope that we would be below that level in 2010.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: Then switch gears, David, there are a handful with outlet property portfolios in the market. Are those in interest you guys and does your experience tell you that Chelsea can be successful improving sales and profitability in outlets and I guess on the secondary markets?
David Simon: Were trying to negotiate with the team there now. So I dont want to give them any compliments. The outlet business has been a good business for us. I mean the outlet team has performed exceptionally well. So if we grow our business, were going to look for quality retail real estate and it could be in outlets. It could be in malls. As I mentioned to you before, it could be in some of these lifestyle centers and we look at anything and everything. We dont have anyone desired to do malls ahead of outlets or outlets ahead of mall, its really a function of where we think the best return as what we can do to that cash flow if we bought a center. So we havent done a lot of acquisitions in the outlet business. Weve done in a little bit here and there, but its really been mostly organic growth.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: I could just ask one last question admittedly, its probably a softball for you on the outlet business, but Ive covered you guys in Chelsea independently for a long time, I really cant recall a time when sales in that area were weak or even down. What do you think is driving that secular growth? I guess recall in outlet, because it seems deeper than just consumers signing value in recession right now. Its a mix to higher price point or do you see it in full traffic or do you think it just taking share from full price retail?
David Simon: The fact is, I think that it all boils down to the consumer and I just find it, they find the value of there. The value is more than just price. Its how the center looks, how the center field, what tenants to have, what merchandize they have, and I think weve also change the paradigm a little bit with the outlet business by bringing it closer in. As an example, I was just in Cincinnati over the weekend and I visited our outlet center that we just opened and it was an old mall site, right. Now I remember, but I wont say which developer was trying to build a fashion center there, but anyway and its well done, its on the highway, it look beautiful. We still got some lease up to do there, but the stores had great merchandise, had great prices and I think the consumers just recognize that. Whats interesting with what I have seen year-to-date and the Chelsea portfolio, weve always had over the last three, four, five years wonderful growth in sales from the tourist centers. In fact, what weve seen year-to-date is that tourist centers have taken a hit and if theres any reason why Chelsea, even though September, weve reported down sales was because the tourist centers were taking a little bit more of a hit. The Florida of the world, Vegas and even something like Woodbury, but what was interested in the sales that kind of the Cincinnati, do you know thats on in the comp number, but we have Northern Indiana even between Indianapolis, I mean in those kind of that Chicago of the world. Were actually very, very strong for the outlet business. So I think its long winded by saying, I think the consumer just, theyd likes the plan, they like the value, they like the selection, they like the price.
Rich Sokolov: If I could just, one other thing if you look historically the other thing that Id like to think that we brought to the outlet industry is building a bigger impact centers in a race track configuration. So the square footage is larger. The absolute number of outlets in the United States is probably substantially reduced from where it was ten years ago. So you have more concentrated powerful properties, which is driving the results of those properties and frankly when you look at the capital situation today or the construction in the retail sector is that like a 20 year low and we certainly anticipate it will remain there and the lack of new supply can only hopefully help the demand side for the existing product.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Its been with the thoughts that you just expressed on the development front, the Tanger guys are out there, saying that they have found one development to do and maybe some other ones and Rick, you were saying that tenants are getting a little bit more excited about the existing assets. I mean David, do you think the tenure moratorium that you sort of put on new development, maybe its a bit too much and are you guys looking to break ground on anything?
David Simon: When I said that, I said he didnt hear me except for outlet. Somebody asked me what I was going to dress up this weekend for Halloween and I said, well I have kind of a ghoulish sense of humor sort of lifestyle developer. What I do think theres going to be some outlet development. I mean good example was, the besides predevelopment. As you know, Rich, we have our land in Merrimack, New Hampshire and well going to have a decision to make in this spring whether to build it. I have start building, I mean were going to eventually built it, but whether we want to build this, start the spring of the tenure or wait in another year. Right now, I think right now the mood is to start next year, which frankly I would not have included anytime up until the last month or two so. The good news is well have time, we dont have to rush it, but I still think the amount of outlet development and its still going to be very few and far between and thats okay, because I mean it will drive the demand in our existing centers, but there will be some. I think certainly that will come ahead of full price retail. A lot of people suddenly want to turn center they land the ahead into an outlet center and if the world continues to improve, well have to deal with that oncoming rush or desire to build, but the stuff that we will do will make economic sense.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: So, really nothing new from you guys maybe Merrimack obviously but nothing beyond that for 2010?
Rich Sokolov: No, the only thing David did allude to, the redevelopment we have built into our new projects with Chelsea, expansion opportunities and they are already laid out, already master plan and in the project self demand comes back and we can get an acceptable return, maybe a couple of those opportunities get move which further consolidates the square foot in our property prevent incremental competition in those market.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets:  The same kind of thing on the domain, were are you guys with Domain in the future phase that you envisioned are those getting further down or they coming back lifer.
David Simon: Let me just clarify because it can be a little bit confusing. Weve both in our Domain Phase 1 which is Neiman, Macys anchored and it was opened and what thought two years ago right. Were our Phase II is opening in the early spring and that is anchored by Dillards, Dicks Village Road, Maisanos and the number small shop tenant. Dicks opening in actually earlier but thats opening in February of 10 and then there is another project that uses the Domain name that another developer is looking to develop, but we have no financial interest in that and I am not sure of the status of that. So were going to be pretty much done with Domain and when we opened. I mean, continually lease up and management opportunities, but were done in the spring in terms of the new development there.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: The last thing, Rick, a year end occupancy what do you think thats going to be?
Rich Sokolov: We are today 91.4 we hope that will tick up a little more into the fourth quarter, but we ends of anything leases but we are hoping that its going to be closer to 91.56. Its just a function of where we end up with your end getting stores open.
Operator: Your final question comes from Jim Sullivan - Green Street advisors.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street advisors: Theres been a lot of discussion on the call with respect to 09 Holiday and 10, but I would like to ask you to maybe look at little bit further into 11, 12, and 13 particularly as it relates to tenant sales growth. When we look at the companys history tenant sales growth following economic downturns is recovered pretty quickly to the solar mid positive single digit range. It just seems as we have said here today that the consumer this time around is in a different bottom or negative spot it relates to their balance sheet in the level of debt that carrying which would make that kind of recovery much harder to achieve this time around, again out in the 11, 12, and 13. You agree with that or do you have different point of you?
David Simon: I think it the consumers clearly going to be challenge in terms of spending and certainly to the extent that we continue to have such a week picture. Ill tell you that I think corporate America is on the verge of starting to hire again and to employ capital which will lead to job growth. I think in the environment that we are in today, I agree with you. I think there is a reasonable chance that we will be in a much better job picture in 10. I think that is going to be corporate led and there are obviously retail lags and so I think you are right that right 10 will continue to have a lag impact, but that the CapEx and Corporate America will be significantly up in 10 right now other work think about at Tanger announced they are going to build. We might build a New Hampshire. There are lots of companies in various sectors that I think are thinking about a growth and in order to achieve growth, I think they need to hire people which will give a certain stability in the job growth, which may make 11 and 12 a little bit better than what we are feeling today. So, I am not as pessimistic on 11, 12. I think 10 will continue to have a and be a tough environment because we have got the lag impact, but if corporate America seems to be positioning to hire a little bit more, put more capital to work we could have a better 11,12 then what we might feel like today.
Operator: This concludes our Q-and-A session. Ill now turn the call back to Mr. Simon for closing remarks.
David Simon: Okay, thank you everyone and I appreciate your interest and your questions and we look forward to talking to you in the future.
Operator: This concludes todays presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelly Doran  Vice President of Investor Relations David Simon  Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Richard S. Sokolov  President, Chief Operating Officer, Director Stephen E. Sterrett  Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Craig Schmidt  BAS-ML Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs Ross Nussbaum  UBS Mark Biffert  Oppenheimer & Co. Steve Skawa  ISI Group Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicholas & Company David Harris  Arroyo Capital Michael Mueller  JP Morgan Michael Bilerman  Citi Quentin Velleley  Citigroup Dennis Mitchell  Sentry Select Capital Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O'Neill & Partners Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets Jim Sullivan  Green Street Advisors Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2009 Simon Property Group Incorporated earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Miss Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Shelly Doran: Welcome to the Simon Property Group's second quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that statements made during this call that are not historical may be deemed forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a detailed discussion of these terms. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe that it is important to note that today's call includes time sensitive information that may be accurate only as of today's date, August 4, 2009.  The company's supplemental information package was filed earlier today as Form 8-K. The filing is available via mail or email and is posted on the Simon Website in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information Quarterly Supplemental Packages. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David Simon: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. I'll take a few minutes to review financial and operational highlights for the quarter and then we'll open it up for Q&A.  SPG sound business fundamentals as well as our stability of our high quality regional mall and premium outlet platforms continue to drive results in the second quarter. We reported diluted FFO per share before an impairment charge of $1.38 for the quarter ended in line with expectations. FFO per share including the impact of the impairment charge was $0.96.  In the second quarter, the company recognized a non-cash impairment charge of $140.5 million or $0.42 per share representing the decline in the value of the company's investment in Liberty International. As of June 30, 2009, we own 35.4 million shares of Liberty at a weighted average price of 574 pence. Liberty's quoted market price was 397 pence at quarter end June 30 although now it is traded up closing yesterday at 436 pence. It recorded today the impairment charge would be $30 million less given the improvement in the stock price and the current exchange rate.  Until this quarter we marked Liberty investment to market through our comprehensive income on the balance sheet. We concluded this quarter that the decline in value is no longer temporary and therefore, recognized a loss in our income statement. We continue to have confidence in the longer term value of our investment in Liberty.  FFO for the quarter also reflected dilution of $0.14 per share as a result of our 17.25 million shares of common stock that was issued in March and an additional 23 million shares in May. The issuance of the 40.25 million common shares in March and May offering as well as the 8 million shares issued through our common stock dividends served to strengthen our industry's leading balance sheet. We also recorded 13 million or $0.04 per share less in straight line rent and fair market value of lease income in the second quarter of 2009 as compared to 2008.  Now I'll comment on some operating performances measures. Occupancy across all platforms continues to be affected by the weak retail environment as compared to last year and has been impacted by store closing of retailers who filed bankruptcy in 2008 and 2009. Across all of our platforms, we've lost over 2 million square feet year-to-date from bankruptcy-related store closings.  Regional malls' occupancy was 90.9 at quarter-end which was a decrease of 90 basis points for the second quarter of 2008, primarily as a result of the aforementioned bankruptcies. Premium Outlets was occupancy at quarter end was 97% a decrease of a 130 basis points from the second quarter of 2008, again primarily due to negotiated store closings where we wanted to recapture the space and again, more bankruptcy related closings.  Comparable retail sales continue to decline due to the overall economic environment. Our mall comparable sales were $442 per square foot at June 30, impacted by the performance of higher end retailers that have been more significantly impacted in today's economic environment. Those retailers had higher productivity to begin with and decreases in their sales had a greater impact on portfolio.  Comp store sales, we've also been impacted given our company's important position in Florida, California, and the Las Vegas markets. As of June 30, Premium Outlet comparable sales were $493 per square foot. The sales decrease year-over-year was less significant in this platform as the consumer continues to seek value in these economic times.  Our mall re-leasing spread was 17% as of June 30 in line with historical levels. Our Premium Outlet re-leasing spread continued to maintain its strong position at 34.6%. Regional mall comp NOI for the quarter was flat. It's slightly up actually and for the six months year-to-date was up 1%.  Premium Outlet top NOI was 6.1% for the quarter and 7.1% for the first six months. During the quarter we completed the transition of the Chelsea back office operations through ending Indianapolis, a move that will generate annualized cost savings of approximately $10 million, and we continue to be laser focused on all aspects of our operation. Our operating margin actually increased by 100 basis points in the mall portfolio to 68% for the quarter.  Now let me turn to capital markets. We returned to the capital markets in May raising an additional $1.75 billion through two offerings. On May 12, the company completed the sale of 23 million shares of common stock at $50 for total proceeds of $1.15 billion.  On May 15, the company issued $600 million of 6.75% senior unsecured notes due 2014. On the second quarter capital activities included the following. We redeemed $ 85 million of our operating partnerships, 8% cumulative redeemable preferred units at par. Two secured debt closings were completed during the quarter aggregating $230 million. In addition, on July 30, just a few days ago, we closed an additional $400 million of new mortgage financing.  These transactions that I just described generated an additional net cash to the company of $350 million. In 2009, we also exercised or completed extensions of more than $1.1 billion of mortgages. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 6.36 times and SPG's prudent balance sheet management strong franchise value was again acknowledged in May when the company's ratings were reaffirmed by three major rating agencies including S&P, reaffirmed it at A minus, corporate credit on unsecured senior debt ratings with a stable outlook.  On May 11, Moody's Investor Service affirmed the A-3 unsecured debt rating with a stable outlook. On May 29 Fitch Ratings affirmed the A minus unsecured senior debt rating with a stable outlook. All three rating agencies cited the company's high quality portfolio including the magnitude of its unencumbered funds from operations, diversified asset base, stable income stream, conservative capital structure, strong access to a variety of funding sources and an accomplished management team as the primary reasons for these affirmations. Now, as of June 30 our balance sheet includes, including our share of joint venture cash, $2.9 billion of cash and our availability on our corporate credit facility of over $3 billion for a total current liquidity position, including the recent mortgages I talked about of $6.3 billion. And I think the most important thing I can tell you about that is that includes $9.50 a share in cash. Now development, redevelopment on April 23 we opened The Promenade at Camarillo. This 220,000 square foot expansion expected to generate a 13% first year return.  On April 17 a new Nordstrom opened at the recently developed and expanded Northshore Mall in Peabody, Massachusetts. And actually Thursday we'll be opening Cincinnati Premium Outlet and we expect that to be a very exciting development that will add to the country's best collection of outlets generating the highest sales per square foot, the strongest comp property NOI and the highest development returns. Construction continues on two other projects in the U.S., second phase The Domain in Austin, Texas, redevelopment and expansion of the South Shore Plaza in Braintree, Massachusetts, and both are scheduled on time and on budget to open in early 2010. We have no other significant projects scheduled to begin. International on July 7 we have opened Ami Premium Outlets, the eighth Premium Outlet center in Japan. The 225,000 square foot first phase opened fully leased to over 100 merchants. We own 40% of this project. Construction continues on five other fully funded projects, two in Italy, which will open in 2010 and three in China scheduled to open in the fall of 2009. Today we also reaffirmed the guidance provided on May 1, 2009, after giving effect to the impact of the May 12 equity offering, the May 15 senior notes offering and the second quarter non-cash impairment charge associated with our investment in Liberty's common stock, the FFO guidance range is $5.35 to $5.50 per share. Our outlook on core operations is unchanged. And let me just conclude and we'll be ready for Q&A, while the economic and retail environments remain difficult we believe we have maintained our leadership, industry leadership position due to our high quality and diverse portfolio and our willingness and ability to access various forms of capital. With that said, we'll turn it over to Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Craig Schmidt  Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt  BAS-ML:  I just wondered is there any increased activity regarding store closing of the mall anchors?
David Simon:  Not dramatically from over the last couple of years. I think there might be a couple that we're at risk for, but I would tell you nothing that hasn't been consistent over the last few years. Rick, you can add to it.
Richard S. Sokolov: The only thing I would add is to give you a sense of where we are today. We've got 766 department stores in the mall portfolio, of those only 19 are vacant. Of the 19, 12 are owned by others and of the 19 we're actively discussing replacements in 12 of the boxes.
Craig Schmidt  BAS-ML: And so I mean you're actually doing better on the anchor front than the in line. 
Richard S. Sokolov:  That is more stable. Their occupancy costs are obviously much lower or they own their stores to begin with.
David Simon:  Look, Craig, I don't think it would surprise us if we had some department store closings over the next year or two depending on the economic retail environment, but it's really nothing out of the ordinary that we haven't seen over the last couple of years.
Craig Schmidt  BAS-ML: And what's the current occupancy or leasing on the Cincinnati Premium Outlet?
David Simon:  It should be about 85% by year-end.
Craig Schmidt  BAS-ML: And obviously you left the Mills project, what was the fatal flaw in that? Was it the location or just the layout of the center?
David Simon:  The location got better but the layout was an old  it was an actually old, original regional mall that was built so it had two levels. It just didn't fit the Mills one-level, value oriented proposition and we were very happy to sell it.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jay Habermann  Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs:  David, on your comments with the environment I know you mentioned it's still challenging. But as we're starting to see signs of improvement and obviously to date you have to be somewhat pleasantly surprised just given that your occupancies holding up well and leasing spreads have held firmly and same store NOI is positive year-to-date. Can you give us some sense for maybe leasing toward the back half of the year or even 2010? What you are seeing at this point?
David Simon:  Well look I think the holiday season is going to be important in terms of the psyche of the retailer for 2010. And I think retail, even though the economy, and a lot seems to be shifting in the right direction, I think it's safe to say that retail is somewhat lagging in that. We haven't seen that pick up but it is moving in the right direction.  I do think that the second half of the year is going to be important and will have some important implications for 2010. But we're still doing business. We're still opening stores. There are still retailers that are growing. I don't think 2010 will have in one way or another, be really dramatic when it comes to NOI. But, Jay, we're battling it out. I mean it's not easy but we're figuring a way to get it done.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs:  I guess maybe to better ask, I mean, do you expect to see another leg down in rents because the beauty of your business is you've got a predictable fees roll-over schedule in rents that are 10 years old. But if you've got  are you anticipating sort of another step down in rents over the next six months or so?
David Simon:  I think it's too early to tell. We still feel very comfortable that we've got leases under market, but it's important ultimately for sales to stabilize. And I think that's why, see, looking at the second half will be important especially as we get to October, November because the dramatic downturn in retail really occurred in that period of time.  So if we can see some stabilization in that in that and the comps aren't as down as what we've seen the first nine months since September then I think we'll be  our leases will continue to show those rent spreads. And that's what we're anticipating, but we're got to see the retail performance.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: And my second question is, would you look to co-invest with any REIT seeking to sell portions of assets or seeking to sell assets? And any sense of this point of updated pricing of where you look to deploy capital?
David Simon:  Well I'm not sure I understand? Can you just restate the first part because I didn't pick that up?
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: Would you seek to co-invest with any REITs at this point, whether seeking to sell portions of assets or would you really like to just buy assets altogether from those seeking to sell?
David Simon:  Well I don't think we'd co-invest with another REIT. We may buy another REIT but I don't think we'd co-invest in another REIT or with another REIT. The answer is we're feeling better about the pulling capital opportunistically, but beyond that there's not a lot I can add there. I mean there's nothing imminent in what we're planning to do.  But I don't think we'd partner with another REIT to buy assets. I think we would certainly buy assets or if we felt it was appropriate opportunity to deploy capital and get the appropriate return that we want to see from that, we would certainly consider that. I mean, the one thing I said and I hope it's important, we do have $9.50 of cash on the balance sheet. So there are very few real estate companies that have it. That's almost 20% of our market cap. Or so I mean, that's not an insignificant asset in today's world.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: So what would be the pricing level that would push you toward deploying that capital?
David Simon: Well, I don't want to give it away because it may hurt my negotiation. So I think we would  look, we understand our cost to capital very well, even though it's volatile and the cost of equity has been volatile.  We have a better handle of our cost of debt. And so I think anything we would do, we would be  we'd feel comfortable that it would have an accretive and be above our weighted average cost to capital. So it's a function of the going in yield, what we can do with it and the potential growth in that asset. So we'll see. Beyond that it's hard for me to comment. I will say to you from our standpoint, I mean, we've had a lot of capital approach us to joint venture our existing assets and/or joint venture new opportunities.  Given our capital position, we have felt we have positioned that capital to look at, and this is institutional capital, Jay, and we would look for that capital to position for new opportunities. And we are really reluctant to sell our best assets even at what we thought we would be able to get those at, say, a seven cap rate.  Even today, even in today's uncertain environment, we've kind of said, look, selling our best assets, wholly owned best assets at a seven cap rate, given the long-term growth of those is probably not in the best interest of our shareholders."
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Nussbaum  UBS.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: David or Rick, if you break down the portfolio either geographically or if I segment the malls into sort of sales stratas, what are you seeing in terms of trends both on rent and occupancy? Is it weakness on the high end and low end and the middle of the portfolio is sort of the sweet spot?
David Simon: Well, I'll let Rick add. I'll just say sales clearly have been most impacted by the better the property, which gives me a lot of confidence that as the better consumer gains their economic footing that that will rebound quicker and faster. And the sales at the kind of the middle market mall have been relatively stable and kind of benign in terms of this downturn. Now the occupancy, it's interesting, the occupancy is really not that affected by the higher quality properties and our occupancy down turn, that's only 90 Bps from last year, is more impacted by the properties that don't have the higher sales productivity, which is not uncommon, and that's been going on for years and years. That would be, if I articulated that right, that would be the easiest way to see that. And in sales regionally, I mean it's look, Las Vegas, California, Florida, our markets that continue to be under more duress than, say, even the New York metropolitan area or the Midwest.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Okay. And if I think about your occupancy line, am I remembering correctly that you're not including tenants with lease terms under one year in that number?
David Simon: Correct. 
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: So what percentage of your mall square footage right now is occupied by those short-term leases? And how has that changed over the last year or two?
David Simon: Well, I would say that it's probably  if you walk our mall, you would see a lot less vacancy than 91%, which we're at. And if you weighted averaged that in and out you'd probably add another 200 to 300 basis points.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Okay. And then 
David Simon: Again, a lot of these are temporary tenants that come in for six months, go out. But if you walk the mall, you would see that if you did add kind of a weighted average, Ross, I'd add at least 250 to 200 basis points.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Okay. And then on the cart and kiosk business, how should we be thinking about that? Obviously there's not a lot of disclosure on that business across the entire mall industry. Do you look at it from a standpoint of your effective occupancy rate is X versus the number of spots you can put these things in? 
David Simon: Sure.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: And what's happened to the rents in that business?
David Simon: That business is under pressure, but it's not dramatic. And we're still shooting for the cart business to be relatively flat from last year and we look at rent and occupancy.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Okay. Holding up better than I would have thought, given the 
David Simon: Yes. I mean, it's muddling along is the best way to describe it. It's not killing our numbers. It's not making our numbers. It is what it is and it's kind of muddling along.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: And then last question, I was a little surprised to see the dividend announcement today with primarily or a majority of it being stock given your strong cash and liquidity position. What was the thinking behind the board's decision there?
David Simon: Well, I think we signaled to you last quarter that that's what we're going to do for the balance of this year. So you may have not been working then, so you missed the signal, which is okay.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: No, I got the signal. I guess I'm asking if market conditions have strengthened?
David Simon: Look, I think our view and our goal is to return to paying cash dividends in 2010, cash, and that's our goal and that's essentially what we've signaled to the market. And we've just felt like we might as well be extra conservative and prudent for the balance of the year, and a lot of discussions with a lot of shareholders that supported that view.  And so I think we're just going to ride our decision in the balance of this year and then hopefully as we signal for the market for 2010, obviously subject to board improvement or board involvement and board  the guidance to be shooting for a taxable income as a dividend and doing that in cash.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Biffert  Oppenheimer & Co.
Mark Biffert  Oppenheimer & Co.: Good morning. Just continuing on with that, David, I mean, if you guys can, when you look at the debt maturities that you have coming up and the amount of cash that you have. I mean, is your intent to keep your leverage level at the current levels? Or could you use some of that cash to pay off some of those maturities as they arise?
David Simon: We will definitely use it, not really so much for the balance of this year, but our plans next year is to take a couple of our better secured properties that are currently secured and unencumber those with our cash. 
Stephen E. Sterrett: Remember we've also got $1.1 million of bonds coming due 
David Simon: Billion.
David Simon: $1.1 billion, excuse me, of bonds coming due next year, which we could use the cash to pay off as well. Or obviously depending on market conditions, can go back to the market.
Mark Biffert  Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. And then on the $400 million of mortgage financing that you did, what was the average cost to bid on that?
David Simon: It was 8%. 
Mark Biffert  Oppenheimer & Co.:  And then in terms of lease termination, how come I noticed that fell considerably in the quarter? What's your expectations into the second half of the year in terms of lease term income?
David Simon:  You know, there might be some. We've had some discussions with some retailers. It's very lumpy. I think our total budget for the year will be met and probably not exceeded. But somewhere in that  I don't remember that number off the top of my head.  
Stephen E. Sterrett:  It's about 15 million for the year. 
David Simon:  Yes. It should be in line with that. I mean, again, it's a tough number to both budget and to see what ultimately comes up. 
Mark Biffert  Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Lastly, just related to leasing spreads, I noticed the mall portfolio leasing spreads came down a bit to 17 from 25. I'm just wondering into the second half of the year, do you expect to hold at that 17% long-term rate or do you think that will come under more pressure as we head into the second half? 
David Simon:  I think it should. We should finish the year pretty consistent with that. I mean, it's still about six bucks, maybe under a little pressure. I mean getting the historical rent spreads that we've had over the last three or four years is obviously harder to do today than it was in, you know, the first half of '08 and '07, etc.  But we still feel confident that we've got leases under market, and our goal is to get that five, six bucks. We've actually outperformed over the last three or four years. Our goal is to perform kind of where we thought. 
Stephen E. Sterrett:  Yeah, me Mark, I, this is Steve again. I'd say if you'd go back and look at our history over the last, you know, seven or eight years, we've kind of always said 15% to 25%. David is right. Over the last couple of years, we've been at the higher end of that range. But given the economic climate that's out there for us to be at the lower level of that historical range, it's not surprising.
Mark Biffert  Oppenheimer & Co.:  And then with the Elwood Centers, I mean, do you expect to stay at that elevated level or because of reduced tourism or other pressures, do you expect that to compress as well?
David Simon:  Well, I  look  I think the number was really outstanding for the quarter. So it will probably have some reduction on that. But that we still feel very  as we said to you at the beginning of the year, we felt like we could deliver the mall business at less than up to 1%. We're at the 1%. We'll see how the  we still have some things out our control, including percentage rents, what the sales are, bad debt expense associated with bankruptcy and the like. Still feel like, hey, we're going to be able to deliver it within that range. We're confident about delivering very healthy, robust comp NOI increase in the outlet business. And obviously, a big, given the occupancy, a big driver of that is the rent spreads, and that we feel like we can still deliver that.  Now the comp NOI as we look at '10, we probably won't be in the 6/7% range, but we think that business ought to be 3%, 4%, at least we hope. Again, a lot of this is going to depend on the consumer and the stabilization that we hope that the economy seems to be getting to ultimately get to the consumer. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Steve Skawa  ISI Group. Please proceed.
Steve Skawa  ISI Group:  David, is it fair to say that the discussions with the retailers about asking for rent relief is stopped at this point or is that still continuing?
David Simon: I think it's still continuing. It's in a lot of cases in our view, it's a short discussion. But it's  look, I think a lot of retailers jumped on that bandwagon very early and some have jumped off but not everyone has jumped off.  So it's still there our approach to it has not changed, meaning that if we think they're financially stable and they have an existing lease we are not really entertaining it. Now obviously, lease expirations, that's free game for everybody involved. If they're financially difficult or in 11 or about to go in 11, our approach changes to some extent, but I think, Steve, I think it's too early to say it's past us. 
Richard S. Sokolov:  I agree. We're still having people trying us out and as David said, our philosophy is if you're stable, you have an obligation and we expect you to meet your contractual obligation. At the end of that contractual obligation, we'll have a discussion based on each of our views of what the market rents are for that property, that space and that use. 
Steve Skawa  ISI Group:  Okay. Let me ask a question about leasing. I think maybe Jay had asked this but just to try and follow up, as you said here today, it's probably fair to say that most of the '09 leasing is done at this point but can you tell us what percentage of the '10 leasing might be completed and how would that compare to a year ago when we were sitting in '08 looking at the '09 leasing?
David Simon:  So far, through June 30, we're about 30% through '10. That's either fully executed or deals cut and in process. At this time in '08 for '09, we were about 37%. And I think that's a combination of two factors. One, and I think we mentioned this in our last call, we are not aggressively looking at renewals in the back half of '10 because as David has indicated, that's over a year away and we're waiting to see, hopefully, some stabilization in sales trends and more optimistic and constructive outlook for more retailers.  So we're not really pressing now for those back half renewals and that's one of the reasons why it's slightly lower at this point as compared to last year. 
David Simon:  Sure. And, just to add, our rent relief that we've granted year-to-date has basically been de minimis. If anything has been less that a cent and a half a share. It's not a big driver of our numbers at this point, year-to-date.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley:  Good, thanks. The outlet rents  did you  is it- am I looking at it incorrectly or is there some change that shows that they're 22.8% higher than a year ago for the Premium Outlets?
Richard S. Sokolov:  No, Paul. You are looking at it correctly. David mentioned earlier that we hold all of the back office to Indianapolis. And in the quarter when we did that, one of the things we did is we loaded all of the rents and all of the Chelsea lease data into our existing Simon operating systems.  And in doing that, we tweaked the classification of how we calculate the rent for Chelsea. And all that did is move the overall average base rent up a little bit. But it's just conforming to the exact definition that we have for the rest of the platform.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley:  Okay. Does that have an effect on the way that your lease spreads appear or anything else?
Richard S. Sokolov:  No. It did not. No, lease spreads have always still been, or always been ending cash rent, old lease, beginning cash rent, new lease. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: Okay. At what percent of your renewals have you been doing on a short-term basis, you know, two years or less?
Richard S. Sokolov: Through June 30, less than 20% of our leases are for terms less than two years. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley:  And what is it typically?
Richard S. Sokolov:  That's in line historically with where we've been. Now, I know there's a lot of focus on duration, but you also need to remember there is a lot of good reasons to keep terms short. We're trying to put space together with tenants.  We want maturities to be at the same time of the adjoining space. We want to be able to give these tenants an opportunity to work through this cycle where they've told us they're optimistic about where they are in the mall and the market. And so, we're not willing to tie up space long-term when we and the tenant believes it will be more productive. We can get more rent down the road. So we're keeping terms shorter, but even with that said, they are historically where they've been in the portfolio. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: It's interesting that given the size of your portfolio you're at 20% when some of the other portfolios are saying they're at 50%. Are you seeing a different need to do short term for different quality levels in your portfolio? I mean there's must be something going on with it. Or is it your negotiating leverage that keeps you doing longer? 
Richard S. Sokolov: I'd like to think we're doing a good job for our shareholders in how we're approaching our lease renewals. There's no particular pattern as to better or worse properties in lease term. We have the motivations to maximize our rent and we do what we think is the best approach to maximize that rent.  
David Simon: I just would  look there are strategic reasons to go short term as Rick said. So if that trends up, it's a little bit because we don't, we may not like the rent we're getting and we may just like to keep the tenant in the space for a period of time. So it's, as Rick said, or you may want to put the space together, you're waiting for the right tenant and so that number might trend up. It does give us options too, so it's not the end of the world if that trends up. Just keep that in mind as you assess it. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: On an investment opportunities given your cash position, you talked about potentially buying portfolios or REITs, etc. I mean how focused would you be when you are looking at opportunities on just highly productive assets or would you look at certainly more exposure to B quality centers? 
David Simon: I think our philosophy on what we would want to acquire has not changed given this world, given this economic environment. I think we're still looking to, if we do something it would still be quality retail real estate that we think we can add value to. And we would not want to do a transaction where we chased yield if we thought the quality was suspect. So I don't think our philosophy has changed there at all. 
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: And my last question, any thoughts about how CMBS, given the  you're doing new mortgages at 8% and you look at the rates that are being talked about for those deals, albeit at a lower LTV. What your thoughts are on the trade off there. If you just want to be involved in both or what? 
David Simon: Well, let me go back on the 8%. These were with two long-term relationship institutional insurance lenders. 
Stephen E. Sterrett: We locked rate back in March and the world was a very different place. 
David Simon: It's great to be  and that was the important part. I mean we locked rate and the world was still very, very squishy, but we were doing it when no one else was doing mortgages and so I don't  I think you have to assess it from that standpoint. Steve's right we locked it in when the world was very, very uncertain.  CMBS market is, obviously, the spreads have rallied significantly. There's starting to be trading. There's starting to be a lot of talk. We'll assess the impact that TALF will have on it. We're able to see extensions in that market, with good assets and good borrowers. I think that markets getting better. I don't think it's going to be anywhere near where it was, but it does seem to, we do seem to think that there will be a securitized market here shortly and down the road. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicholas & Company.  
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicholas & Company: Hi. Good morning. You just mentioned that you had locked the rates back in March. Do you have any loan out for commitment right now and where are you seeing rates today? 
Richard S. Sokolov: We do. We've got a community center portfolio pool that we're in the market right now refinancing. We're going to end up at about 7% blended with a seven-year term. We just closed a mall loan that's 7.5%. So I would tell you the market is in the low 7s, 8% range right now.  
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicholas & Company: Okay, but it has come back a little bit since March? 
Richard S. Sokolov: It has. Just to amplify on that, obviously the other side of our debt portfolio is the unsecured market and obviously our spreads have come in quite a bit. I just saw as of yesterday, the five-year was trading under 6% and the 10-year was trading at about 7, so spreads have rallied quite a bit on that market as well. 
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicholas & Company: Okay and there's been lots of discussion about potential acquisitions. Are there any high quality malls currently being marketed today? 
David Simon: Individual malls? 
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicholas & Company: Or portfolios. 
David Simon: Yes, sure, there's some. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Harris  Arroyo Capital. 
David Harris  Arroyo Capital: Good morning everyone. I have a couple of questions if I may. David, back in early May when you had your second equity raise, I asked you in a public format if you were comfortable with the notion that you would be able to record meaningful acquisitions by year end '09. Would you still say yes to that question? 
David Simon: Well, I think I hedged my bets in that response a little bit, but there is opportunity for us to add the appropriate quality at the right price in '09. But I think more importantly, David, we don't want to rush to do a deal just to do a deal and our view is we've made a lot of steps to maintain our leadership position. I would feel very proud of what we've accomplished even though a number of these decisions were very, very difficult to make.  We do think that there will be significant opportunities. There are opportunities today. But most importantly, we don't want to jeopardize all of the hard work and effort that we've gone through to position us for the long run. I still feel confident that we will, over a reasonable period of time, be able to add to our franchise through acquisition opportunities.  
David Harris  Arroyo Capital: My second question relates to the U.K.. The data I look at, whether I am looking at currency, housing, interest rates, would suggest the U.K. is poised for some kind of a recovery. How vigorous that will be, I guess, is open for debate. Could you just give us an update as to what you're thinking your Liberty International investment, particularly in the light of, obviously, what is a substantial impairment charge? 
David Simon: Well, we're not happy about the impairment charge. As you know, it is non-cash and we do think over time that our investment has the opportunity for us to get our basis back, if not better. It's got great real estate. It's going through a temporary, we think, downturn, but we haven't lost faith in our ability to recoup, if not add value to our investment.  The interesting thing there is the shopping centers there they don't cater to the high, high end customer like they might. Most of the high end retail there is on the High Street as you know, David, so there seems to be a leveling off in terms of the consumer, almost like what we've seen from the moderate malls here and the higher end, they haven't seen the dramatic decrease in sales because the high end tenants probably are feeling the brunt of that as well in the U.K as they are here.  So we believe in it. We're going to monitor it. There's not an immediate change to what we are thinking. Obviously, we did step up in when they did their offering and I think we feel, over time, that we will be able to recoup our investment.
David Harris  Arroyo Capital: You are not concerned that prices might firm up. I mean after all, there has been a more dramatic fall off in property prices in the U.K. than we have seen here to date, and it seems like we are running maybe six months ahead in terms of property value. Things are starting to get active again around acquisitions. 
David Simon:  Yes. Well, I expect it to firm up and I think ultimately whether we participate in that or even just maintain our stockholder and we'll be the beneficiary of that.
David Harris  Arroyo Capital:  Okay, and a question for Steve related to this. Is that position hedged in any way, shape, or form?
Stephen E. Sterrett:  No, it's not, David.
David Harris  Arroyo Capital:  Okay, so we can look at Fairfax impacts as well.
David Simon: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller  JP Morgan.
Michael MuellerJP Morgan: Hi. Most questions have been answered, but David, a few minutes ago you mentioned a comment about the outlet center portfolio. I think you said you thought in 2010 you could see some growth there, maybe 3% or 4%. Just wondering what your early feelings are about the mall portfolio as you look out the 2010.
David Simon: Well, I think it's early. There may be a little bit of pressure there, but it is going to be de minimis and I think our goal, and we go through our budget process, but I think our goal for 2010 will be to deliver it flat. I think that could be a challenge. I think a lot will depend on sales, but if it is not flat it's, I mean, we are seeing all these comparable NOIs down, what I would call dramatically, 3%, 4%, 5%. We don't see that with our portfolio. Now, I think it's up to you to figure out why. I am trying to figure out why from our standpoint, but if it is under pressure, it is going to be maybe at 100 basis points. In other words, last year or this year we said zero to one. Maybe next year it is negative one to zero, but I still think we are still early in the process to do it. We do not see the dramatic comparable NOI down like we are seeing with other retail portfolios and with other mall portfolios with departments, with hotels, etc. We don't see that. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Quentin Velleley  Citi.
Michael BilermanCitigroup: Good morning. I am here with Quentin. We just want to come back to this whole notion of, essentially, buying a REIT, which in your view, could be U.K. REIT like Liberty or maybe a bankrupt REIT, like General Growth in the U.S. or maybe a strip center REIT at your strip center portfolio. I guess there is a lot of different opportunities given your size about where you can place your bet.  I guess maybe we start on Liberty. You can talk a little bit about potentially recouping your investment. You're obviously about a 6.5% shareholder today. Are you looking at that relative to just seeing the market price firm up relative to your cost basis, or potentially, given your seat today owning, being the largest shareholder out of [Donny], being a more activist type or, maybe not activist, but trying to work with them to either simonize or do something else to improve the operation in some way to get your investment up? 
David Simon: Well, it is a very good question and I wish I could answer it. But, it is a very good question and I guess I wish I could answer it. We think it's a good company. We are not pleased we are under water. We are not giving up hope, but Michael, I wish I could add to that, but beyond that, we are just going to have to see how that evolves. It is a very good question.  It is an interesting  we are in an interesting strategic position there. We do have optionality without material stake, and we do see opportunities in the U.S. We do want the strongest balance sheet in this industry, so we do see all of these as strategic decisions that we've got to evaluate appropriately.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: I'm just curious of how you've obviously put $350 million into Liberty, right? I mean the size of a regional mall in the U.S. so it's not like just play money. I'm just wondering how active you are in trying to make money on the investment.
David Simon: Well we want to make money, that's for sure. Michael, I can't really say anything other than what I said. I apologize for that.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: The other thing you mentioned is there are opportunities today. Can you just characterize a little bit about at least the type of opportunities that are on the market that you're referring to?
David Simon: Well, I think there are domestic U.S. retail opportunities today and there's no question about it. There are opportunities that we can create today. Sometimes it's not just showing up in your laps. Sometimes you've got to go create them.  And I think where we're focused obviously is we've got the U.K. situation we talked to you before and we do think that beyond that, I mean our focus will be in addition to assessing the strategic opportunities there is primarily focused on the U.S.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Now is that, obviously you talked a little bit about your own CMBS issues and being able to cover that with mortgage debt, unsecured financings and being able to go out and tap other forms of capital whether it be TALF. But I guess, are you guys thinking about trying to be on the offensive on other people's CMBS problems and how far down the road you may be in trying to maybe just lose some of those assets that may not have the same successes you're having in terms of other finance.
David Simon: Well, I think there'll be opportunities. I absolutely think there'll be opportunities along those lines, though the stuff that we have seen thus far doesn't meet our quality spectrum. I mean, there's been some amazing retail. A lot of that's in new development. I mean there's been amazing amount of damage done in terms of the retail development, the NOI generated, the amount of leverage. So I do think there will be, I don't think it's huge massive opportunities, but there's going to be some opportunities on kind of a one-off basis to pick up some of those broken developments.
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup: Just in terms of your $6.3 bill of liquidity and looking at opportunities, is there sort of some amount that you've got set aside for potential opportunities versus some amount that you've got set aside to ensure your CMBS refinancing and so forth get done?
David Simon:  Well, it all goes into the blender to produce the appropriate result. The last thing we're going to want to do is jeopardize the foundation we've built so long for, right? So sure, I mean it would be hard to pluck all of that capital toward an external opportunity without addressing the refinancings that we need and will continue to do. But Quentin, as you know, there's lots of capital that is circling opportunities that we would think we could be able to tap into if we find the right opportunity. 
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup: And that's a joint venture.
David Simon: Sure.
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup: Could you give us some kind of indication of what the volume of that capital might be? Is it $2 billion or $4 billion for example?
David Simon: It could be in the billions range, yes, if the opportunity was there.
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup: And just one on Mills, just looking at the portfolio and just wondering if there's any increased desire of your joint venture partner to potentially exit the joint venture and whether or not that could present some kind of an opportunity for you?
David Simon: Farallon has been a great partner as well as KNM at the property level, Farallon obviously at the corporate level. There's been absolutely no indication. I think they view this as kind of a medium for long-term investment and there's been no indication at all that they're looking to exit the portfolio until in totality. I think our joint venture will sell assets as situations arise but beyond that it's business as usual. 
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup: And just a question on the sponsorship income, you talked a little bit about temporarily leasing the department kiosks. What sort of happening on sponsorship and other sort of other income that you're generating?
David Simon: It's actually above our numbers year-to-date which is a little bit above last year. And so far, they feel like they're going to bring in '09 slightly above budget, so again, it's a tough business. A lot of it's local driven, but the mood is a little bit better there than certainly it was at the beginning of the year. 
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup: Do you have much visibility as you head into 2010 in terms of those contracts? I mean it does make up $100 million of EBITDA at this point.
David Simon: Well, I think that a couple of the bigger relationships are being renewed and solidified so we do have color on that. And then a lot of that is just driven locally which is you've got to fill your book essentially every year. And that visibility is not there for 2010 yet. But the big important relationships in terms of corporate relationships really hasn't changed in our being fortified. 
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup: And how much of that $100 million is those big contracts versus the local?
David Simon: It's, I'm going to say, I don't have that at the top of my head, but I would say that the regional and local probably produce over half of it as a general indication of kind of where that is. 
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup: And just our last question, just as you think about the U.S. acquisitions and you talked about opportunities. You've got malls, the shopping centers, and the outlets, is there opportunities in each of them or are you more inclined one versus the other?
David Simon: I think there are going to be opportunities in all of them and I think it's safe to say that you see an indication of where we have leadership position and I think our view as we kind of talk about the strategic buckets that we're trying to sort through, that we would want to solidify and enhance, I should really say, enhance our leadership position in those buckets as opposed to other buckets. So you can see where the predominance of our NOI comes from and I think those are the areas we're primarily focused on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dennis Mitchell  Sentry Select Capital. 
Dennis Mitchell  Sentry Select Capital: I have some questions on leasing but I think we've beaten that to death so just last question I had was in terms of the opportunities, more and more we're seeing people dip into securities or extending their reach into other areas. I'm just wondering if you guys would be looking at purchasing the securities of not just the equity securities but possibly debt or anything like that.
David Simon: Well look, I think our preference would be to own the asset directly because that's where we could add the most value. So that's certainly our preference. That's where we've had our best success. And when you can control the asset and I think primarily that will continue to be our focus. 
Dennis Mitchell  Sentry Select Capital: So not even in an opportunity where you might purchase the debt in light of at some point in the future getting your hands on the asset itself?
David Simon: No, we absolutely wouldn't rule that out at all. But I think again, just in terms of our preference, it would be tone the asset because that's where you can, as a mortgage holder, as a mez holder, you don't have all that much influence in the operations as an equity holder in a public company. You don't have that much influence unless you really rattle the cage. So our focus will continue to be primarily, and again, I wouldn't rule it out, but primarily in the ownership. Now we could make  buy some securities in a very loan-to-own but the biggest focus will continue to be to own actually the bricks and mortar.
Operator: Our next questions comes from Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O'Neill & Partners 
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Just some very quick questions here, just going back to your earlier comments at the front of the call on the tenant and what they're experiencing at the moment, are you seeing them change their ordering habits for the holiday season or are they still looking at scaling it back materially from last year? 
Richard S. Sokolov: Our conversations with the tenants are indicating they're taking a very conservative position on inventories. They're really looking at inventory as the best way to increase their cash position by decreasing their inventory. And so you're going to see them, I believe, positioned to have tighter inventories which we believe is going to still put some pressure on sales in the fourth quarter but is going to hopefully substantially increase their cash flows and their margins because if there's any uptick at all I think there's going to be considerably less goods available to be purchased by the consumers. 
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O'Neill & Partners: So even with the equity markets up and some of the positive economic indicators, they haven't changed  they haven't increased their ordering for the holidays? 
Richard S. Sokolov: No. 
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Next question is going back to your earlier comments about sales decline and the relationship of that and tenants' ability to pay, do you have a sense for how much sales decline? Like if sales declined in the second half another 7%, would that put pressure on tenants' ability to maintain their current rent structure or what's your view on where the break point is for how much sales can decline before tenants start to have issues?
David Simon:  Well, look, that's an individual tenant-by-tenant review. And clearly, there are some tenants that have had dramatic sales decline that are under pressure already including like the jewelry business and as just one example of that where they've had dramatic sales decline. So it's a category-by-category approach. And I will just tell you that the important thing is that the decrease that we've seen thus far has been kind of at the higher-end tenants with the higher margins so they probably have a little more room to go then certain others. But to answer your question, you really need to do it specifically by tenant and by category and certainly within that category by tenant. Even in a category like the teen retailers, you've got a number of tenants that are performing very well and some that aren't and so it's very hard to answer that generally, other than I do think the fact that we're seeing it kind of at the better tenants with the higher margins gives us some comfort that they can continue to withstand a sales decrease.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Steve, on the five financings, the two you did in second quarter and the three you did post-the end of the second quarter, were those on existing loans or are those unencumbered at the time? 
Stephen E. Sterrett: The two we did in the second quarter were on existing loans. The $400 million financing that David mentioned that closed last week was unencumbered assets.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, so what roughly would you say is the unencumbered NOI pool? in that total?
Stephen E. Sterrett: It's still about 56%, 57% of our total NOI.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, and so it's  okay that's fine. Great, thanks, and then Rick do you have thoughts on which tenants are in particular, are opening stores at this point. Usually you have a pretty good laundry list of tenants who are opening stores.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well I can tell you that in '09 we have entered into leases in '09 for stores to open in '09 or '10 with H&M, Forever 21, Zara, Bare Essential, Delia's, Crazy Eight, which is a new concept from Gymboree. We're having a great deal of focus on the franchisors, so we're doing business with Five Guys and Noodles. We're very pleased Microsoft has just gone into the retail business and they've announced their first two stores and we have one of them in Mission Viejo Mall, so there's still a number of tenants that are doing business and as David said, there is a lot of activity going on in the portfolio.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Thank you guys, and then David, on TALF, are you actively working on anything with TALF?
David Simon: The answer is no, we were really more focused on it a couple of months ago. Obviously with all the success we've had in capital markets we're really waiting and assessing kind of where it ultimately shakes out. That's not to say we won't use it and be a participant in it, but at this point we're not active.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, and then thank you, and then same sort of thing on General Growth, are you still mostly monitoring that would you say, or is there anything new to report on what you are doing with General Growth?
David Simon: Nothing currently to report, new.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, and last thing for me guys, is Domain, could you give us an update on the progress there with regard to the various pieces you expect to come on line with in the next six or eight months?
Richard S. Sokolov:  Absolutely, in October of this year the expansion Dix is opening. Then in February of '10 Dillard's Village Road Show opens. We have an apartment complex and a joint venture with Columbus Realty in GE pension fund. That's opening in the fourth quarter of this year, and then in February along with the anchors we anticipate opening about 85% leased and we'll have those tenants open over the next month or two months in the first and second quarter of next year. And then in March of '10, we're opening our Westin Hotel at Domain in a venture with White development. So it's coming together. We've got a nice line up of tenants primarily focused on the juniors category and food because we pretty much did not put a lot of juniors in the initial section of Domain, so they were anxious to show off in this section, so it's coming together.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan  Green Street Advisors.
Jim Sullivan  Green Street Advisors:  Thanks. David I respect your reluctance to talk about some of the opportunities as it relates to Liberty and what you might do or might not do, but I was hoping you could talk about relative value as you think about deploying some of your large cash pile in the U.S. versus perhaps other parts of the world including the U.K.?  When I look at Liberty I see a company trading at an implied cap rate after making all the adjustments you need to make to compare U.K. with U.S., an implied cap rate that starts with a five and then I look at Simon and I see a stock that trades at an implied cap rate starting with an eight. We saw a recent deal announced that suggests the cap rates for some of the best models in the United States are probably in the cap rate range in the sevens. And as I think about you protecting a position in Liberty, considering perhaps expanding that position, how should I think about relative value? I get it that there's scarcity value for the Liberty portfolio, but it's the company that certainly has challenges ahead with 10% of its tenants in bankruptcy, a bunch of high loan devalued maturities about to mature over the next couple of years, and then finally seeing property NOI dropping even faster than expected pace. Why should I be excited about that kind of company and implied cap rate in the fives versus what you might be able to do with your cash in the U.S?
David Simon: Well, look, I think, Jim, you articulated right on why we are where we are as opposed to doing more than what we've done, and there's no question in our mind that as we look at external opportunities, we do like the long-term prospects potentially of the U.K. market, but our primarily focus will be in the U.S. and it won't be in Asia and it won't be in Europe. It'll be here.  We do think we can all most value here with our platform. We do think the opportunities are  there are more opportunities that exist there and I think there are  our view would be that that's the primary focus. Now Liberty, we think we will recoup our investment and beyond that there's not a lot that I can say. We do think there are elements of what we can do that might add to what they do there, but that's  that is what it is and we'll see how that shakes out. But our intentions if we do look to deploy external capital we do think there are great opportunities in the U.S. And certainly on a risk adjusted basis of what we can add value to it's hard to argue that point, so, nothing that you've said isn't what we've grappled with, and we're not pleased that we're currently under water, but the worst thing we could do is try to recoup that in a not so intelligent way.
Jim Sullivan  Green Street Advisors: That's very helpful. Thank you for that, and then Steve, a follow up on the current mortgage environment. You mentioned that the current rates are in the low sevens to eight. You know what we've seen over the many months is that capital is available for malls but only the highest quality, only for the best sponsors, underwritten at fairly low loan-to-values and very conservative underwriting with respect to NOI.  Is that still the case as you look at the deals you're looking at today? Could you get financing, mortgage financing on a, say, B plus mall or lower if you didn't provide corporate recourse?
Stephen E. Sterrett: I would say this, Jim. I would say the sponsor matters a lot. So for us I would say yes, and in fact we are in the market now with what I would describe as a couple of middle market malls, and there is money out there available, yes.  Now in terms of the leverage, and the underwriting, I think it's still relatively conservative. You are seeing debt yields in kind of the mid-teens, going to translate into about 50% LTV, but I think as the  especially the insurance companies that are doing on-balance sheet lending, I think the quality of the sponsor is very, very important these days. And as a result of that we're seeing very good interest even in assets other than our top tier assets.
Jim Sullivan  Green Street Advisors: And just to clarify that, the sponsorship is important because these insurance companies are asking you for recourse or their non-recourse deals where they want to know that you're behind it versus somebody else? 
Stephen E. Sterrett: The latter; non-recourse deals where they want to know that a quality operator with a stable balance sheet and a long contract record is behind it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: Rick, retailers and retail developers arguably got into trouble expanding into markets where I guess all the opportunity was predicated on household growth, which obviously isn't happening today. What's your sense, and I guess what are you hearing from retailers about their longer term plans beyond 2009 or 2010 as they think about unit counts a few years down the road? Do you think they retreat from those types of markets over time? Is this just a blip or do you think there's maybe there's been an overreaction where they actually look  I'll call it concentrate in the more infill markets in this next up cycle, if you will, for retail?
Richard S. Sokolov:  Based on the conversations that David and I have been having with these retailers, they are viewing their new store, new development program very guardedly. They are going to be very cautious deploying capital, and where they're going to deploy that capital they're going to do it where there is high degree of certainty as to results and the highest degree of certainty as to results is deploying that capital to open new stores in proven assets and proven markets.  And we're seeing that, that there's still demand for our proven assets and proven markets. And I think that the retailers' attitude is reflected by the fact that when you look at the new development pipeline it's non-existent. It's almost  it's the lowest it's been in 20 years. And I believe that is a silver lining to our current situation as retailers do get more comfortable with allocating capital for new stores that is going to benefit the existing supply because there are going to be virtually no new supply available to them. 
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: And David, I know you've got to take the acquisition opportunities that sort of come to you because the mall industry is not exceptionally large I guess in the number of opportunities available, but given what Rick was just saying, do you have a unique view I guess about the markets you'd like to see your marginal dollar go into here in the U.S.? I mean if put differently if some malls come to market in metros that are out there, has your appetite changed to the better or worse than maybe two years ago because your view on those metros has changed markedly?
David Simon:  Absolutely. There are certainly markets that are  you would have to factor in and underwrite their current situation because though they may be good long term markets, they're going to be dislocated for a reasonable period of time. And I think a lot of those were the kind of the typical markets where you had a lot of new retail development that has not stuck.  And I absolutely think you've got to factor that in because those are markets that are a little bit dislocated. And again they're great long term markets I think eventually, but you've going to have to be really smart in terms of how you would underwrite those.  And how you underwrite any deal, I mean today underwriting potential NOI is going to be a challenge for anybody that wants to make an external investment. Thankfully we're equipped to do that, but I do think that the markets themselves are very important ultimately in where you want to deploy capital.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: What are examples maybe of the larger metro markets where you think it could take longer for them to recover?
David Simon:  Well if I say I might offend some people so I'll, again I'll defer but I mean I'm sure you have a sense of where. A lot of them are where there's a lot of new retail development plopped into the market. Or in fact there's new development going on right now that's got to be leased up. I'll let you draw the appropriate conclusions.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities:  I guess just a last question, too, before I let you, I guess, get your lunch. What are capital partners telling you about their geographic preferences? And I guess are they holes that have emerged or deepened given where they want capital to flow? And I guess related to that have you heard any private equity funds trying to assemble funds to pursue mall assets?
David Simon:  Well, there's definitely an interest to deploy capital in good retail. I don't think they, I think they look at just like we would. I think they're looking at the individual asset and its position in the market place. They have not redlined any particular market as far as we know. It's more asset by asset review.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: Any private equity guys do you think gearing up you think to go after mall business assets?
David Simons:  Well, some of them have a lot of capital. The good news is the mall business is always been operational intensive so it's been harder for them to justify a lot of significant bets. I mean they've always wanted to partner with an operator. I don't see that, certainly in today's environment where retail relationship is critical, I don't see that changing at all.
Operator:  That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I now would like to turn the call over to Mr. Simon for closing remarks.
David Simon:  Listen, I think the questions today were very good and we appreciate you asking them to us, and we appreciate your interest. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Shelly Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David Simon - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Richard S. Sokolov -President, Chief Operating Officer, Director Stephen E. Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President 
Analysts: Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs  Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.  Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Co.  Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Benjamin Yang - Green Street Advisors 
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the First Quarter 2009 Simons Property Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carma and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call Miss Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Shelly Doran:  Good morning and welcome to the Simon Property Group First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that statements made during this call that are not historical may be deemed forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a detailed discussion of these terms. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be web cast for some time to come, we believe that it is important to note that todays call includes time sensitive information and may be accurate only as of todays date, May 1, 2009. The Companys supplemental information package was filed earlier today as Form 8-K. This filing is available via mail or email and is posted on the Simon web site in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information Quarterly Supplemental Packages. Participating in todays call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon. 
David Simon:  Thanks, good morning everyone. We are pleased to report an excellent quarter, which is a testament to our high quality portfolio as well as our early recognition last year of the severe economic downturn. I would like to just take a few minutes to review the financial and operational highlights and then well open it up for questions. We reported FFO per share growth of 10.3% to $1.61 in the first quarter compared to $1.46 in 2008. First quarter 2009 FFO per share reflects $0.02 of dilution as a result of the issuance of the common stock dividend that we paid in March of 2009.  Diluted net income available to common stock holders per share increased 15.4% or $0.45 in 2009, from $0.39 in 2008. Comp and NOI growth for the regional malls was up 2.7% for the quarter and our comp property NOI statistics do not include lease settlements.  Our occupancy in the mall portfolio was 90.8% at quarter end compared to 91.7% in the year earlier period. Occupancy across all platforms was decreased due to the retail environment as well as the store closings in early 2009 by major retailers who filed bankruptcy in 2008 and subsequently liquidated in the first quarter of 2009, including for the mall portfolio 595,000 square feet, which was primarily the big box retailers Circuit City and Linens n Things.  Comparable sales in the mall portfolio were $455.00 per square foot at March 31, 2009 as compared to $491 in the year earlier period. Sales in the mall platform continued to decline due to the general weakening in the U.S. economy and the reduced performance of some of the higher end tenants. We did see a deceleration in the rate of sales decline in the quarter, which is encouraging and remember that Easter fell late this year, actually in April as opposed to March of last year, and there was weakness in Florida, California, and the Las Vegas markets which also impacted that statistic. Our regional mall releasing spread was very solid at 24.8% for the quarter, in line with our historical levels and our expectations and what weve signaled to the market again about the value of our lease rollovers. Now let me turn to the Premium Outlet portfolio. Comp NOI grew 7.9% in the quarter. Occupancy was 96.9% at the end of the quarter as compared to 97.9% last year. The decline again was primarily the result of certain store closings and bankruptcies as well as we opened Jersey Shore last year, which is 90% occupied at the end of the quarter, which had some small impact on that number.  The outlet business sales were $5.07 per foot at the end of the quarter as compared to $5.11 the year earlier period. Our Premium Outlet releasing spread was a robust 33.5% and the pricing power remains strong to do a low occupancy cost stability of sales and steady demand for space from tenants. Our Premium Outlet portfolio contributes over 19% of our NOI and is without doubt the best collection of outlets in the country and without peer with the highest occupancy rate generating the highest sales per square foot, strongest comp property NOI growth, and highest development returns.  Our third primary platform is the Mills. That was 89.7% leased at the end of the quarter compared to 94.2% in the year earlier period. This decline again was attributable to the bankruptcies of 840,000 square feet primarily Circuit City, Linens and Steve & Barry's. Sales within the Mills platform was $373.00 per foot at quarter end compared to $379, which again I think helped demonstrate the importance of the consumers looking for value given the economic situation that they currently reside in. Releasing spread for Mills was a +14.1%. Now let me turn to the capital markets. As you all know we sold $17.25 million common shares and issued $650 million of ten-year unsecured notes near the end of the quarter and that was a total capital raise of approximately $1.2 billion which reduced our borrowings on our corporate credit facility. Our corporate credit facility has zero outstanding other than the foreign currency exposure that we keep outstanding as a hedge against our foreign income we generate of approximately $440 million of out standings. In March we also refinanced two regional malls at $197.5 million with an average interest rate of 7.77%. These loans were new originations by major life companies and in fact they had existing indebtedness of approximately $130 million prior to our refinance. We retired $700 million of senior notes. At the quarter end we have approximately $1.1 billion of cash on hand including our share of joint venture cash and our availability on our corporate credit facility is somewhat over $3 billion. Our unencumbered portfolio continues to include 150 wholly owned assets that generate EBITDA in excess of $1.7 billion. Our annual cash flow is still projected this year before dividends to be approximately $1.5 billion in 2009. Let me talk about development and redevelopment, talk about the dividend as well. We opened the Promenade at Camarillo, in Camarillo, California, a 220,000 square foot expansion expected to generate a first year return of 13%. In addition, on April 17 we opened a new Nordstrom at the recently redeveloped and expanded Nordstrom Mall in Peabody, Massachusetts. In addition, we are finalizing the construction in the U.S. on Cincinnati Premium Outlets, the second phase of Domain in Austin, Texas and the redevelopment expansion of South Shore Plaza in Braintree, Massachusetts.  We currently anticipate that our domestic development capital expenditures net of construction loans already in place will approximate $180 million for the remainder of 2009 and currently were projecting less than $50 million in CapEx development spend in 2010.  Now let me turn to the dividend. As you know we have paid particular attention to this. We have treated it with the most seriousness that we can treat any corporate decision that we can make. We have worked hard and long with our board of directors and we have determined that the Companys annual common stock dividend will be reduced to the minimum amount required to distribute 100 % of our taxable income and maintain our REIT status. This amount is currently estimated to be $2.70 per share for 2009 and the first quarter of 2009 we paid a dividend of $0.90 per share. We expect to pay three quarterly dividends of $0.60 per share for the balance of the year to equate to the $2.70 of estimated taxable income. As you may recall, we originally forecasted our taxable income to be approximately $3.30 per share and based on our decision in the Q1 to pay the $0.90 per share dividend on that estimate. Since that time we have been able to lower our estimated taxable income by taking into consideration the increased share count from our equity issuances as well as additional taxable depreciation available to us, both of which were not included in our original estimate. Accordingly, the dividend announced today in payable on June 19 is $0.60 per share consistent with the dividend announced in the first quarter, the dividend will be paid in a combination of stock and cash. The cash component of the dividend will not exceed 20% in the aggregate or $0.12 per share. The cash component of the dividend was increased by $0.03 per share or 33% from the first quarter dividend. Guidance today, we revised and adjusted our 2009 FFO guidance to $6.05 to $6.20 per share. This revision was primarily driven by the 2009 common stock and unsecured debt offerings that occurred at the end of the quarter as our outlook on operations currently remains unchanged. Finally, let me just say that I am proud of the first quarter. It continues to be a difficult operating environment, but we delivered excellent growth and profits 10% above last years numbers. We strengthened our industry-leading balance sheet with our common stock and notes offering and we continue to be pleased with how the Company is positioned. We are grateful to continue to maintain our leadership position in the REIT industry.  With that said, operator we are ready for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Mueller of J.P. Morgan. 
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan : Was there any magic behind the cash component of the dividend going up a few cents?
David Simon: Well look, it is our desire to get as much cash dividend as we pay comfortable paying. I think we will continue this strategy for 09, but were really looking to as soon as we get more and more clarity in the capital markets and that is becoming a little bit clearer, that we are optimistic that we will reinstate the full cash dividend. I just think its hopefully a signal to the market that were getting more and more confidence.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan : Okay, not knowing anything else, should we look at, I am assuming the $0.60 probably wouldnt be a run rate into 2010 or should we think as $2.70 as being an annual and just think of the dividend on an annual basis at this point?
David Simon: I would think that its, obviously 2010 is awhile away, but our early projections on our taxable income for 2010 are anywhere between $2.70 and $3.00 per share. Again, there is a lot of variability to that, but it would be our intention to obviously pay our taxable income and to pay the appropriate amount in cash given the current market conditions. 
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan : Is the Mills occupancy decline, I know you mentioned the boxes who were the culprits there. Was all of that expected and did anything else come out of that that wasnt expected? Then can you comment on the demand, the activity that youre seeing in terms of leasing some of those boxes plus in the Community Center portfolio?
David Simon: I will turn it over to Rick. I mean, the Mills decrease was entirely towards the boxes. The demand there continues to be decent. There are more and more tenants. Like, I happened to be there last week and Potomac Mills, the last call of Neiman Marcus were just about to open an Orange Neiman Marcus as well. So, the demand is good, but as you know we have had lots of boxes in those properties. It will take some time, but the in-line tenancy really didnt have much variability. It is all associated with the boxes.
Rick Sokolov : And the only other thing, we have another Neiman Marcus last call opening at Gurnee and we also have a number of H&Ms opening in these boxes. The other thing thats going on is, as David pointed out because of the stable sales performance there we are seeing an increasing migration to the Mills platform of not only outlet tenants that we are cross-fertilizing from Chelsea, but also our full price mall tenants that weve started to open in the Mills. So, our demand for small shop space in the Mills is maintaining relatively stable.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan : Okay and I think on the last call, David, you mentioned an expectation that obviously you cant just look at any one quarter in terms of spreads, but you said maybe the spreads come into the teens. Can you talk about what youre seeing post Q1 and into the spring leasing season. Do they still look pretty sticky?
David Simon: Yes, I have been inelegant in my articulation of our leases and the fact that they are under market. But, generally, good retail has been around for a long time and given the fact that good retail real estate the leases tend to roll over 7% to 10% per annum, it just takes a long time to bring that good retail up to market.  The good retail we are still feeling reasonably confident that we can deliver rental growth out of. In certain properties you are going to have struggle to do that, but given the majority of our incomes is coming from better properties, we still think its sticky and we would expect to continue to do it. The nature of it may come in somewhat, but we still believe strongly that our leases are under market. 
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan : Okay, I appreciate it. Thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jonathan Habermann with Goldman Sachs. 
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs : I thought I would start off with NOI growth. David your comments certainly sound a little bit more positive than the last call, but 2.7% is certainly positive versus your +1% forecast. How do you see NOI growth trending through out the balance of the year?
David Simon: We are not going to move away from the slats of 1% growth. It is a tough retail environment. We are just trying to execute to deliver that to the best of our abilities. You can over react on one quarter, but we still feel like we are going to deliver the flat to 1% NOI growth.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs :  Do you think it will dip negative more towards the middle of the year as these bankruptcies close?
David Simon: I think the real issue at the end of the day is; what are very hard to predict is overage rents. Now that is not a lot but that does have some variability associated with it and that is why we are probably a little bit more cautious. Obviously we are reserving, you see the bad debt expense. It is still very high compared to historical standards. That is the variability that is just really hard to pin point. 
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs :   The other part of it too is the financing market. It sounds like you are more optimistic there as well? I know you issued the unsecureds, but have you seen the market improve even since in the last month or so?
David Simon: I think the corporate market is dramatically improved. It is good to see the industry begin to re-equalize, it is good to see the unsecured debt markets come back. Our spreads have tightened dramatically. That is all good news. The life companies are providing the capital to the borrowers and the best properties.  The one unknown in our industry is obviously the CMBS market and what happens there. I am not one of these guys sitting around assuming the government is going to help the real estate industry. That is the big unknown and that is the market that lacks the most clarity on.  
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs :  Referring to the Life companies for a minute, you did mention that its improved. Do you see that as a very deep option at this point or do you think that this is a flurry of activity from the lack of activity from late last year?
David Simon: No, I think it is dependent on the insurance companies, but there is other capital out there that wants safe mortgages with good borrowers on good real estate. They now have the ability to kind of pick and choose and in fact drive pretty good bargains. I think that market is not extremely deep, but it is there. It is not just life insurance companies, I think we are starting to see debt funds and the like that are going to provide capital to good borrowers and good real estate at pretty good rates.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs :  Last on GGP, any thoughts in terms of how that is impacting your leasing, or even in terms of Cap rates and transactions that you might see?
David Simon: I think it is too early to tell. I dont sense it is going to have any impact on our operational aspects, leasing. It is very interesting, as big as general growth is and obviously as big as we are, we rarely have competed in markets. We may have three, four, or five centers that had some overlap. We have always competed kind of on a national basis. So, I dont think it is going to have any impact on the operational side, other than as we said last quarter, I do think the landlord from a retailer perspective is really important, and to the extent we do think well get some residual benefit just because of the position the company is in as well at the quality of our assets. I dont think at this point Cap rates impact on financing. I have not seen any and I dont expect it to really play out for some time. 
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs :   Okay, thank you.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman from Citi. 
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup: This is Quentin Velleley here with Michael. All of your peers have been saying that a lot of the lease renewals have so far this year have been very short in term of one or two years. I am just wondering if that is something that youre experiencing in your leasing?
Rick Sokolov : We have been interested to see the focus on this. Our leasing strategies havent changed at all. Frankly, you can look at our termination schedule in the AK quarter-to-quarter and track it. For whatever it is worth our number of leases less than two years is a dramatically lower percentage than anything that weve heard publicly discussed in the other calls. But, you also need to be reminded that there are a lot of very good reasons for having a shorter term. We want to have our retail spaces have the same expirations; if we can put together a new room that is more marketable, we want to generate more rent, we want to change the mix. There are a lot of factors and I dont think that the implication that there is something negative in that trend is appropriate, but in fact, for us, there is no material change historically in our terms. 
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup: Okay and just in terms of your gross occupancy cost ratio with the Mall portfolio with retail sales dropping about 7% over the year and obviously rents increasing by 6% or 7%. I am wondering where that ratio is moving to. I know you said that you think the majority of your portfolio is still under rented. Are there any particular tenants or types of tenants where the occupancy cost ratio is moving up and youve got some concern?
Rick Sokolov : First of all, historically we have always tried to ensure that we were getting full rents, but we have always run this business with a view towards ensuring that we can work with our tenants. In fact our occupancy costs within the malls is 14%, which is still very much within the traditional bounds where tenants can remain profitable even at these decreased sales levels. I would also point out, and this was a point that was referenced by David, that in our Premium Outlet portfolio our occupancy cost ratio is only 8.7%, so in both platforms, in Chelsea, we know we have a substantial opportunity to bring leases to market and that is reflected with the significant rent spreads we are reporting on renewals.  On the Mall portfolio our occupancy cost is stuff that were still having constructive conversations with our tenants.
David Simon: Quentin, I would just say look sales are obviously having an impact on how retailers are thinking about their business and what they can afford to pay and that is one of the reasons why our NOI assumptions are not growing 3% or 4% like they have historically, and thats why we think were going to be flat to up 1%%. There is sensitivity that we have to our retailers given the current sales environment, so it is somewhat of a governor on growth right now, but I think our under market, under valued leases allow us to kind of maintain the flatness of what were projecting.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup:  This is Michael, clearly it sounds like other landlords are moving down that path of shorter duration. Do you think that is more so from a retailer perspective of them pushing it and saying look, I dont know where things are going to be. I would like to stay here, but cut me a break and Ill stay for another year or two and then well see where things are, rather than them leaving. Or, how much then is it the landlord saying you know what I dont want to sign a long-term lease at massively down in rents if I know in two or three years things will be better. I am just trying to understand that dynamic.
David Simon: Without question it is both, but the important thing is when we deal with a major tenant were dealing with our entire portfolio and if they are uncertain about sales at a particular center our goal is to shorten everything up, as an example, because one thing we dont want to do is just have not such great stores expire and then do the longer term leases on the great stores. So, we try to balance that. In some cases it is a short-term band-aid. It could be from our perspective. It could be from theirs. Sometimes we are waiting on the right tenant for the space. As Rick mentioned earlier, we think so four is going to come in next year, not this year, so lets hold it over for a year. We had a situation at Dadeland Mall where we did that, as an example. It is all part of the equation.  I will tell you it is not that dramatically different than what weve been doing over the last few years. Now, is rental expense a higher priority for tenants? Absolutely, but, the give and take, the duration of the leases and when you do it, when you dont do it, when you have a hold over tenant, when you dont has been pretty consistent over the last several years. 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup:  Clearly your total portfolio is of high quality. When you are having these portfolio discussions, if you were to bracket it into different classes are you finding that, at least on the lower sales productivity assets is that hurting more; is that where retailers are becoming more concerned about at all?
David Simon: I think it depends on the retailer really. I mean some of the higher end tenants have had more dramatic sales decreases in, what Ill call, the moderate to better. So, it is really a function of the retailer in the marketplace. Clearly though, if the real estate is not that good you are going to be in a match to maintain the cash flow of that asset. Look, weve got some that are in that bucket, but were still able to figure out how to grow our comps NOI even though we have assets in that class. 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup:  Steve, can you talk a little bit about the two CMBS loans, where you decided not to fund effectively default on. I know one was basically just more of a legal ownership than economic, but talk a little bit about the one in Palm Beach. Separate from that, clearly you have a lot of capacity today, $1 billion of cash and $3 billion of credit line capacity. Talk a little bit about the maturities in 09, 2010, especially in the joint venture side where you have a lot of secured larger loans and then maybe talk about forum shops which is the biggest secured maturity on the Consolidated portfolio.
David Simon:  Let me talk about the source in Palm Beach and then Steve can add to the last part; first of all, the source. We have a 25% carried interest in that property behind significant preference for what I will call the true economic owner; there are two other partners in that deal. We have no invested capital in that project. We were working toward a refinance kind of as the property manager of that asset.  We were working toward a refinancing of that asset and then given Fortunoffs bankruptcy, obviously being the major anchor, coupled with Circuit City and Steve & Barry's the refinancing got impossible to execute. So, we are actually trying to work with the true economic owner and the lender to figure out how to come up with an acceptable alternative to extend the maturity date and give us the time to figure out how to fill the space. Both the true economic owner and the lender have expressed an interest in us maintaining our role in that, even though we dont get any cash flow and the management fee is de minimus in terms of what were doing. So, we are actually trying to be an honest happy broker to figure out how to make and give both of those lender and the borrower the ability to maintain the status quo for a better environment down the road. So, that is the source. Now let me turn to Palm Beach. Just to give you a little bit of history, Palm Beach, for those of you who dont know, Simon Property Group acquired the asset both when we acquired DeBartolo and Corporate Property Investors more than ten years ago. Those ownership interests were owned 50-50. They were very small in connection with the overall deal of DeBartolo and CPI. Since that time we invested millions of dollars renovating. We actually brought in Dillards during that process. We re-tenanted the mall. I think we did as good a job as anybody to maintain that center as an enclosed mall, but ultimately we knew that maintaining it as an enclosed mall was going to be very difficult. So, we began to develop a significant redevelopment plan which unfortunately, because of the state of the retail environment, in fact we were working with Ikea as an example, we were working toward maybe potentially demolishing the mall and the like. But, when we lost Ikea that kind of put that whole development on hold. Additionally, during that period of time we lost Dillards and then subsequently we lost Macys. So, we were trying to and have attempted to reach an acceptable resolution with the representative of the lender; I will point out, this is a non-recourse loan. But, those attempts, the servicer really was not interested in having a dialogue on this and those attempts have not currently reached an acceptable resolution. With all that said, that is Palm Beach and again we have worked very hard to maintain it and to try and redevelop it, but the environment is such that thats going to make it very difficult. This has been a cash flow drain for the Company, on this non-recourse loan. I think our decision is obviously in the best interest of our bondholders and our equity holders and the like. That is the status with that.  I will turn it over to Steve to answer the last part of your question. Other than to say the good news in both our secured and our secured indebtedness coming up in 09 and 10, and our JV, and a lot of that is with life companies that were well down the road. If you look at our consolidated nines the vast majority of that is with insurance companies that we have a wonderful relationship with that we have made very good progress on. The same thing can be said for our tens as well. But, I will turn it over to Steve to add more color, it you would like.
Steve Sterrett: Yes, Michael, just to echo Davids point as and example 75% of our 09 maturities are non-CMBfs. The other thing that I would point out is in the 9s, 10s and even going out to 11 our current debt yields based on current EBITDA is in the 15% range, so these are loans that in the aggregate are appropriately sized even given the current market conditions, which is why we have made the statement that we expect to be able on a net-net basis to refinance our security indebtedness in whole. Not to say we wont have to necrotize certain assets. As David mentioned in his prepared remarks, we actually got excess proceeds from a couple of the loans that we have done already, but net-net we think we are in pretty good shape. You asked about forum shops specifically, I suspect because of its size and it is a large loan, but I will also tell you it does well north of $80 million of NOIs. So again, when you look at it from a debt yield perspective it is certainly not over levered. One of the great advantages of our company compared to many others is we have a big unencumbered portfolio and so the ability to mix and match our financing sources we are not dependent on rolling over every mortgage maturity that comes due. As David mentioned earlier, we certainly believe the bond market is substantially improved from where we saw it a month or so ago. I feel very good about the ability to continue to roll over our mortgage debt and to finance the Company [interposing].
David Simon: Just to give you a perspective on that, that is what our line is there for essentially. Take the Oklahoma assets that we refinanced, we actually paid off the mortgages, one in January and so we paid one at the end of the year actually and then one in January. So, if need be that is what our cash and our availability will do until we can refinance assets or refinance our line through other mechanisms.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup:  Thanks for the very detailed color.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul Morgan from Morgan Stanley. 
Paul Morgan from Morgan Stanley:  Do you think you are in the position now from a balance sheet perspective to take advantage of acquisition or investment opportunities that might come along or do you still think that from where pricing talk is and where you are that you would rather wait?
David Simon: Well, Paul, I will tell you that we are feeling better about the world generally. We obviously have been very conservative on capital. I think that the steps that we have taken, although painful in some respects and not something we wanted to do, I would we are feeling better about the market. Generally I think we are looking more outward yet. It may be still too early to become more on the offense, but our mood here is getting a little bit more forward thinking than it has been over the last six months.  What is interesting, I do think there is capital in lots of different ways for us to be opportunistic as the opportunities arise.  Steve, do you want to add anything to that?
Steve Sterrett: First of all, Paul, welcome back into the fray. I think I would just echo what David said. One of the things that we have clearly seen over the last six months is the move of capital towards the higher quality sponsors. I think at the height of this EMS market who actually owned the mall or who the partner in the mall was maybe less important then I had ever seen it in the 20 years I have been doing this. I think we are at the other end of the spectrum right now and money, and there is still a ton of money sitting on the sidelines, has gravitated towards the better sponsors. So, I think when you couple what we have done already from a capital rate standpoint, plus the enquiries we have gotten about people wanting to put money to work side-by-side with us, I think David is right in that were feeling a little better about the opportunities that we are inevitably going to see come down the road, because there is obviously still a lot of distress in the market and we are going to see opportunities.
Paul Morgan from Morgan Stanley:  You have been pursuing some of those outside the U.S., is there a bias now for anything incremental being domestic or foreign?
David Simon: I think the primary focus currently will be domestic, Paul, without question.
Paul Morgan from Morgan Stanley: My last question is on visibility from a leasing perspective. In my experience ICSC comes and you talk about a lot of deals for, this year it will be 2010. How much are retailers sort of willing to think about sort of fall 2010 openings, or does everybody have a much shorter time horizon right now?
Rick Sokolov : Weve had in the last three weeks an anticipation of ICSC probably five to eight tenants a week coming in here, because with our portfolio and across the platforms we get a lot more done and we are talking to them about 2010 deals. Obviously they want to see what the future holds as well, but three months ago no one was even thinking about it and now they are starting to think about it for new stores, but we are actively finalizing our renewals and are working now on our renewals in 2010.
Paul Morgan from Morgan Stanley: Did you think that the bounce weve had a bit in sales has actually changed the attitude at all, or is it too early for that?
Rick Sokolov :  I think they still want to see some firmer trends. What I will say, Dave and I met with a number of these retail CEOs over the last several weeks and they are at least more comfortable in understanding the trends. There was a period of time in January and February where they didnt really know what was ahead of them. Now I think they are a little more comfortable as to that, but they still want to get some firmer feel for how this is going to unfold over the next few months.
David Simon: I would just say I think their mood is better, from the guys I talked to. No one knows for sure where we are going to be the next six months in terms of the broader economy, but I will tell you that given the dramatic fall off from September to December and the slowing down of the sales rate of deceleration, that sounds right: I would tell you that their mood is more stable and more forward thinking without question. That is not to say there arent certain retailers that are still not seeing that rate of deceleration slow, but I think its clearly a little bit better than it was in December.
Paul Morgan from Morgan Stanley: Thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Fick from Stifel Nicolaus.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. : In hindsight you guys may have done one of the most expensive A rated REIT bond deals in history. I am wondering if given whats happened in response to that and how you helped the people who followed on, might you now come back and try to dollar cost average that down?
David Simon: Sure, look, we are going to look at that market when it is appropriate. We chose to punch a hole in the capital markets because we were concerned about the industry and concerned about the cycle that was out there. So, we decided to take some short-term pain for hopefully a long-term reward. We dont have any regrets about decisions that we made. I mean our timing. It is hard to know whether we would be where we are today, but we knew that that cost was expensive. We thought that by doing it ultimately we would be able to access markets more cost effective and so far it looks like we are moving in that direction. It is a long winded answer to say yes, we never think our cost of capital was where we were at the end of March, but we chose to incrementally suffer that pain, because we didnt like the cycle that we and/or the industry was in. 
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  Thank you. When you did the Mills deal you talked about redevelopment opportunities, and they had some things in the works at the time including Del Amo and potentially adding some colonnade style features to some of the other projects. We havent seen anything like that over the last couples of years. I am wondering if it is just the environment, or do you have things in the works that you might be willing to talk about in the next six months or so?
Rick Sokolov : In fact, we are in the process of finalizing, right now, a 15,000-foot expansion to the colonnade at Sawgrass Mills. There are a number of tactile things going on within the Mills portfolio that David already discussed the last call. We are adding a number of other small shops in the Mills properties.  In terms of the more dramatic redevelopment in the Mills malls, obviously the capital programs of the fashion retailers that we are focusing on to reposition those assets are on hold and it is going to be some period of time before they are prepared to engage in the conversations on those redevelopments. At the mills properties themselves, we are working on a number of other projects, but as has been our historic practice, we dont really talk about those things until we have something concrete to say.
David Simon:  I would just under line that the actual Mills we have actually done a lot of new boxes. Neiman, we are doing a lot of Orange Gurney as Rick suggested. We are very satisfied with how we have positioned the mills. We have two disappointments and I will say that they are directly related to the economy and that is in Southdale and Del Amo and we think both are great long-term real estate opportunities, it is just I think those have been somewhat of a set back. Not because we dont have the vision or the plan, it is just they are going to be on hold. I would say by and large the Mills progress we have been very pleased with. The other one that we created was Gurney. We were looking to do a lifestyle addition. We kind of put that on hold because of the economy, but as Rick mentioned Neiman is going there in any event. I would say we are bringing hopefully a casino to Rundle Mills. Rick and I did that over the weekend, more Rick than me. I just found out where Rick was.  The Mills we feel good about. Weve got a couple disappointments in those two big malls, but I think there are opportunities for when the world gets a little bit better.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  David, I think you were recently quoted as saying that GGP didnt realize that they were distressed sellers and that you were more interested, I think you have allude to that on the call, using the word opportunistic a couple of times. What do you consider opportunistic Cap rate here?
David Simon: Well I cant tell you because you may tell somebody. Now look, I think its one we would look at where were trading and a premium to that. Assuming we believe in the growth prospects of that asset, like we do of our company. I think they will be out there; we just have to be somewhat patient.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Biffert from Oppenheimer & Co. 
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Co. :  I wanted to ask what your optimal view is on leverage looking ahead. You have seen a number of other REITs come out and say that they are lowering their views on where they think their debt to equity should be longer term. Have you assessed what that is for you?
Rick Sokolov : I think we are comfortable now. I think as we look to be more opportunistic we are going to need more firepower ultimately. But, I think our balance sheet, the fact that the regional malls have the kind of cash flow resiliency where we are. We are making steps to delever. We will continue to make those steps. You see where we are with the rating agencies. I feel like were there, but we can always focus on our cash flow generation to delever and that is what were in the process of doing right now.
Steve Sterrett:  I would just add one thing. If you think about the stability of the mall business and obviously the results that weve been able to demonstrate in terms of holding the EITDA in a terrible economic environment, I mean, we are covering our EBITDA 2.6x right now in terms of interest coverage. Given the stability and the cash flow, that is a very comfortable place to run our business. Now that leverage may change up or down depending upon your view of Cap rates. But I think if you just think about it from a cash flow coverage, running the business north of 2 1/2 times is a comfortable place for us to be.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Co.:  Okay and then related to the leasing spreads, I was wondering if you could provide a little more color in terms of how many of those leases were signed last year prior to the downturn and you still saw that positive wide spread and if that should shrink over the next year or two as we start to see you report your results?
Steve Sterrett: I would say this; it is a huge portfolio, so the size of the numbers doesnt mean something. Having said that, I think as David mentioned in response to an earlier question, we gave guidance at the beginning of the year expecting that lease spreads could go down to the lower end of our 15% to 25% historical range in the mall. They havent done that yet, but does that mean that they couldnt come down a bit as we get farther into the year? Sure they could. But, we still feel leases are under market. We still feel very good about our ability to generate meaningfully positive leasing spreads. 
Rick Sokolov : Let me just add to Steves point on the metrics. Year-to-date we have executed 3, 347, 000 square feet of leases comprising 1,071 deals. So, in and of itself that is a very large sample that is driving the stats that we put out.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Co.:  Okay thanks for the color. Lastly, Steve I noticed that repairs and maintenance expense came down compared to last quarter relatively high and then your credit for losses doubled quarter-over-quarter. Can you give us a little more guidance on your expectations for the rest of the year?
Steve Sterrett: Without talking about repairs and maintenance specifically, because things can move quarter-to-quarter, but if you just look at the overall operating costs of the mall, we have done a very good job of controlling our costs in this environment and I would expect that kind of overall trend to continue for the rest of the year.  As it relates to the bad debt expense, I think given the uncertainty of the environment that were in, I would like to think that when we look back 12 months from now we will have been a little conservative in the first quarter. So I wouldnt necessarily expect that provision to be a run rate for the year, but I dont think there is any question that we are in an environment where bad debt expense in 09 could be higher than it was in 09.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Co.:  Okay, thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Richard Moore from RBC Capital Markets.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets:  When you look at leasing what percentage of the 09 leases do you have expiring at this point?
Rick Sokolov : We are probably upwards of 85%. In addition to the statistic I just said, we have another in our lease approval process 7,126,000 square feet that is being processed. Another 2,109 leases and I said we are already well into our 2010 renewals.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay so year-end 09 occupancy is probably going to be what do you think?
Rick Sokolov :   It is very hard to speculate, because we dont know what is going to happen in terms of tenants that end up filing or what happens even with the tenants that have filed. One of the positive things that weve seen, that I think is reflected in Davids point in the capital markets is that tenants that filed December/January, it was straight to liquidation. What we are seeing now is that there is more dip financing available and a number of the tenants that have filed in the last 60 days are actively discussing which leases they want to assume as opposed to just going right to liquidation. So, it is very hard to project today where that is going to end up.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets:  All right, good, thanks. Then it sounds like, and it seems to me, that the bankruptcy season in general was lighter than people expected, but how would you put it in context historically? I mean what do you think of this last first quarter and the bankruptcies we saw versus what weve seen in the past?
Steve Sterrett:  I would just say I think the concept of a bankruptcy season is probably less relevant. Rick mentioned that the first part of the year there was no dips to the end thing, I think that muted the bankruptcies if for no other reason than people knew if they took the risk to go into bankruptcy they were probably going into liquidation and no one wants to sign their own death certificate. One of the outcomes to the fact that there is a bit of dips in the end thing now is that there may be more bankruptcies here later in the year, just because people have a little bit more confidence that they can do a reorganization as opposed to a liquidation. I think it is hard to say, but we certainly would not be surprised if there were more bankruptcies yet this year.
David Simon: I will tell you, we lost a lot of occupancy due to bankruptcies in the first quarter, Rich, so its, I mean our set back in the leasing occupancy this quarter is all as a result of the bankruptcies.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, all right good. Thanks Dave. Then Rick, would you give us the hit parade of who the tenants are that are most maybe increasing their desire to open stores, your feel for more excitement, maybe, among certain tenants with regard to your portfolio.
David Simon: I will tell you that people we are working with now that are opening stores in 09 and still have expressed an appetite in 10 are stores like Express, H&M, Sophora, Forever 21, J Crew, Apple, Zara. The good news is the junior category there are a lot of people that are interested in locating stores in our properties. In the Outlet portfolio the list is far longer. There is continued demand in the Outlet portfolio. We are seeing a number of tenants come into the Outlet portfolio that are new to the Outlet portfolio. So, I dont want to say if anything it is robust, but there is work going on.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay and then on the GDP bankruptcy, are you guys involved in that in any way, or do you just monitor it, or what are you doing there?
David Simon:  We are certainly monitoring it. It will be a fascinating thing to monitor.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets:  Does that mean you dont actually have discussions with them at any time, or is that something you cant talk about?
David Simon: We are not having any discussions with them currently. This is going to be a long complicated process that can go a lot of different ways; so we are going to stay closely abreast of it. 
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: On construction costs, are you guys seeing a drop in construction costs and does that provide any benefit here as tenants continue to avoid new developments, but theyre maybe going forward as they might take another look at some of these?
David Simon:  Yes, it is certainly going to help us, a dramatic reduction in costs.
Rick Sokolov : Perhaps more important is there is going to be a dramatic reduction in new supply. So over the next five years we anticipate that there is going to be very few new projects brought forth. It is going to materially help us increase the market share of our existing properties. 
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Okay great. Thank you, guys.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman from Citigroup.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: In relation to you stake in Liberty, do you participate in the follow on offering?
David Simon: We are not a liberty, no pun intended, to disclose.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: You would have to file, I guess, if you did buy, correct?
Rick Sokolov : When the deal closes which wont be for another month or so.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And then again, talk about your intentions, I guess you are not at liberty to talk about it?
David Simon: We are not at liberty to talk about it.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: All right thank you.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan  
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan : Steve, home and regional costs dropped off quite a bit from prior run rates and year over year. I was just wondering if you could give us an idea what is going on there. Then Rick, you were talking about 2010 leasing activity. Can you give us a sense in terms of that early activity, the comment about spreads being toward maybe the lower end of the historical band. Do you think that will carry over into 2010 as well?
Rick Sokolov : Let me comment on the renewals first. The renewal activity that were doing to date really reflects Davids comments. Happily the properties that drive our results, we still have pricing power and we are operating within the historic expirations. Properties that have less pricing power there is more pressure, but overall we think were going to continue as we have historically.
David Simon: I would just say we are going to be smart about renewals too, because we have confidence in our business, in our company, and in our properties that if you rush, rush, rush to do a renewal in a mall that you think is really good and youve got long-term growth prospects, you dont want to give away the store, in a sense. So, we are just being very thoughtful about what the right rent is for the long-term of that space as opposed to what it might be in this particular moment in time. 
Steve Sterrett: Mike, on your question about the home office costs, it is a couple of things, as I think David and Rick have alluded to over the past three or four calls. We got ahead of the curve with cost management that included right sizing parts of the business that were construction development related. In the first quarter of the year is where we do our incentive pay outs for the prior year and they were lower in 09 than they were in 08.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan :  Okay, thank you.
David Simon: And we didnt have to have the government ask us to do it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Fick from Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. 
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. : Just one point of clarity, when you disclose lease spreads on expiring and renewal leases, that is for deals signed in the quarter, not for the actual deals that rolled over in a quarter, right?
Rick Sokolov : No, David, it is for tenants that actually open and close. So we match actual tenants whose leases expired or spaces who closed compared to tenants who opened.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. :  That gives you tremendous visibility over the next couple of quarters because everything that is going to happen is pretty well signed at this point.
Rick Sokolov : I am not sure I understand your question.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. :  You know what deals are signed to open or close in Q2 already and so you pretty much would know what your lease spreads are going to be for Q [interposing].
Rick Sokolov : I would say this, when we gave guidance at the beginning of the year, I remember people asking why are you at zero to one, because a lot of people were more negative in their estimations. It was because 2/3 of our 09 leasing was done and we did have visibility into what those spreads might be, yes.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. :  Okay. What does your guidance assume about additional shares from the stock dividends for the remainder of this year?
David Simon:  It is consistent with what we modeled at the beginning of the year. 
Rick Sokolov : Do you mean our FFO guidance?
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. :  I mean obviously you are not going to issue as many shares now as you would have when you initially gave guidance. 
Rick Sokolov : The guidance assumes that we continue to pay a stock dividend for the remainder of the year consistent with what weve done this quarter. But, it does not assume any additional equities. 
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. : Okay great. Thanks. 
 :
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ben Yang from Green Street Advisors
Benjamin Yang - Green Street Advisors: David, you guys co-own a mall with General Growth in Texas, a shopping center that is apparently being sued by its anchor Dillard. 
David Simon: Yes. 
Benjamin Yang - Green Street Advisors: Can you comment on the law suit and also perhaps how your relationship with General Growth has evolved since their financial troubles began last year, maybe either as it pertains to this mall or other malls that you jointly own?
David Simon: Let me just say this. We picked up half an interest in this mall when we bought CPI. This was a joint venture between Rouse and CPI. General Growth picked up their interest when they bought CPI and they have been the property manager, or I am sorry Rouse, they and Rouse have been the property manager since weve ever been involved in it and they have taken the lead on it and they had been leading the charge on the litigation. We are a partner, but we have no day-to-day involvement in the managing of the asset. General Growth, we know Adam the guy that runs it now. I would say our relationship with them is fine. We have asked to take over the management of this asset for a number of years. We have been turned down through that process, but it is what it is.
Rick Sokolov : Just to be clear, this is the only joint venture we have with General Growth. 
Benjamin Yang - Green Street Advisors: I am just wondering if you think the General Growth turmoil has in any way contributed to the deterioration of that center. Do you have any opinion on that?
David Simon: I think they are, and we are supporting them, arguing that the deterioration is not exactly what the Dillard companies have suggested. Given the litigation we will leave it at that. 
Benjamin Yang - Green Street Advisors: Okay and do you think the lawsuit in any way impacts the opening of Dillards at The Domain, which is located just a few miles away?
David Simon: No, not at all.  
Benjamin Yang - Green Street Advisors: Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  We have no further questions at this time. I would not like to turn the call back over to Mr. Simon for closing remarks.
David Simon:  Okay thank you everyone. We appreciate your support and we look forward to talking with you in the future. Take care.  
Operator:  This concludes the presentation for today ladies and gentlemen. ( Operator instructions)

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  David Simon  CEO Rick Sokolov  President & COO Steve Sterrett  CFO Shelly Doran  VP IR
Analysts:  Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Company Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank Michael Bilerman - Citi Greg Schmidt  Banc of America  Carol Kemple  Hilliard Lyons  Unspecified Analyst  Ben Yang - Green Street Advisors David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus  Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets RJ Milligan  Raymond James  
Operator: Good day ladies and gentleman and welcome to the Q4 2008 Simon Property Group Inc. earnings call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today's call, Miss Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may proceed. 
Shelly Doran: Good morning and welcome to the Simon Property Group fourth quarter and year-end 2008 earnings conference call. Please be aware that statements made during this call that are not historical may be deemed forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risk and uncertainties. Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties. Acknowledging the fact that this call maybe webcast for some time to come, we believe it is important to note that todays call includes time-sensitive information that maybe accurate only as of today's date, January 30, 2009. The company's supplemental information package was filed earlier today as a Form 8-K. The filing is available via mail or e-mail and it is posted on the Simon website in the Investor Relation section under Financial Information Quarterly Supplemental Packages. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David Simon : Good morning and thank you for joining us today. As I stated in our release this morning our fourth quarter performance was strong. We reported funds from operations of $1.86 per share, up 5.7% over the prior year. For the full year FFO was $6.42 per share representing growth of 8.8%. I remind you that our initial guidance for 2008 was $6.25 to $6.45 so we performed at the top end of that range despite the unprecedented turmoil in the economy and capital markets.  FFO for the quarter included an impairment charge of $0.07 per share for costs related to certain predevelopment projects that we are no longer pursuing and the write-down of one operating asset to its estimated net realizable value. Also included in FFO for the year was the extinguishment charge of $0.07 per share incurred in connection with the redemption of $200 million of moppers notes in the second quarter of 2008. Excluding these charges full year 2008 FFO per share would have been $0.14 higher or another 2.4% of growth. Occupancy in the mall portfolio was 92.4% at year-end as it compared to 93.5% last year. In spite of the challenging conditions of 2008 mall occupancy is still very much in line with our recent historical results.  Square footage lost to bankruptcy in 2008 in our mall portfolio totaled 508,000 square feet as compared to only 61,000 square feet in 2007. During December we experienced some lost occupancy as a result of certain liquidations and bankruptcy lease rejections.  During the year occupancy was also negatively impacted by approximately 320,000 square feet of negotiated early store closings and temporary occupancy reductions also occurred at several properties which were under renovation or redevelopment.  Despite all of that we came in at an occupancy that is consistent with over the last few years of our results. Our premium outlet portfolio remains nearly fully leased at 98.9% and the Mills platform gained 40 basis points to 94.5%.  Premium outlet center retail sales growth remained good, increasing 1.8% to $513 per square foot and sales in the Mills portfolio was flat at $372 a foot, both as a result of the consumer continuing to seek value in this current economic climate.  Comparable retail sales in our mall portfolio were $470 per square foot down 4.3% as compared to the year earlier period. You will recall that our regional mall sales at September 30 were relatively flat, actually they were up 40 basis points. The fourth quarter decline we experienced was the direct result of the unprecedented weak 2008 holiday season experienced across the US and in particular the performance of luxury and higher end retailers.  Even with weak fourth quarter sales please keep in mind that our [2000] sales are in fact in line with our 2006 year-end levels. The 2008 comparable property NOI for the mall portfolio increased 1%. Comparable NOI growth was impacted by the decline in overage rent due to the weak fourth quarter retail sales as well as higher then normal bad debt expense as a result of tenant bankruptcies. Comparable property NOI for the premium outlet portfolio increased 7.7% in 2008. The releasing spread for our mall portfolio was $8.02 for the year representing a 21.3% increase and again speaking to the fact that our releases, our expiring leases are still below market and the releasing spread for the premium outlet portfolio was $12.48 representing a strong 48.8% increase, again showing that our expiring leases there are below market.  During the fourth quarter we successfully opened two new developments, Jersey Shore premium outlets, and Sendai premium outlets in Japan. Both centers opened well leased and projected first year returns are 11%.  Significant redevelopment projects were completed and opened at North Shore Mall in Boston, Ross Park Mall in Pittsburgh, Tacoma Mall and Orlando premium outlets. In the US construction continues only on two new projects, Cincinnati premium outlets and the second phase of Domain in Austin, Texas and two significant redevelopment projects.  Net of construction loans already in place our domestic development capital expenditures are expected to approximate $250 million to $275 million in 2009, less then one-third of the 2008 spend and at this point our 2010 spending is projected to be less then $50 million.  Our share of 2009 international development capital expenditures is expected to approximate $120 million. The vast majority of these expenditures will self-funded by joint venture resources and will require little or no equity from Simon Property Group. Currently we do not expect to begin construction on any additional new projects or major redevelopments in 2009. In the fourth quarter we completed seven new asset financings that raised $584 million of proceeds. Our share was $313 million with a weighted average term of 5.7 years and average interest rate of 5.9% on the fixed rate financings and a rate at year-end of 2.4% on the floating rate loans.  For all of 2008 Simon completed 21 new secured financings generating $3.2 billion of proceeds, our share being $2.2 billion with a weighted average term of 5.2 years and 5.4% on the fixed rate financings. In addition we issued $1.5 billion of senior unsecured bonds in May of 2008. As of December year-end we had approximately $1.1 billion of cash on hand including our share of joint venture cash and our availability on our corporate credit facility of $2.4 billion.  In addition our unencumbered portfolio generates EBITDA in excess of $1.7 billion and retail sales at those centers are approximately $500 per foot allowing for a tremendous amount of room under all of our bank and bond covenants.  We recently announced two senior management changes within the organization, both the result of retirements. John Klein has been promoted and will oversee the premium outlet portfolios president of Chelsea. Johns career spans 23 years in the retail real estate industry and has been with Chelsea since 1995. Mike Clark continues to oversee the Chelsea international activities. Greg Goodman has been promoted President of the Mills platform. In his capacity Greg will assume direct oversight of the leasing development property management marketing functions of the Mills asset base and Greg began his career in 1985 and joined the Mills in 1994.  I believe it is a testament to the depth of our companys management team that were able to promote from within the organization to field these two key management positions.  Let me turn to the dividend and then the guidance. First of all as you all know our balance sheet strategy has been a conservative one and we believe that we should be especially prudent in liability management and the allocation of our capital given todays economy and uncertain capital markets.  Our projected 2009 taxable income is $3.30 per share and we expect to maintain our dividend at the $3.60 per share throughout the 2009 level given our taxable income. Therefore after much thought and deliberation our Board decided to adjust the composition of the dividend to be 90% in common stock and 10% in cash. If adopted for all of 2009 this change in composition would result in the retention of over $925 million of cash. Needless to say we have a history of strong balance sheet management and appropriate capital allocation and our past accomplishment in this area should give confidence to our stockholder and all of the financial community that we have made the appropriate decision.  Our current liquidity as I mentioned before is approximately $3.5 billion. By paying our dividends 90% in stock and 10% in cash we increase our estimated free cash flow for all of 2009 after debt service dividends distributions and ongoing capital expenditures to approximately $1.5 billion fortifying our company and maintaining our goal of being one of the beacons of this industry.  This decision is not made in response to the current retail environment but a means of being conservative with our capital. We intend to evaluate this decision each quarter and we have also reserved the right to pay the dividend entirely in cash if conditions warrant. Today we gave 2009 FFO guidance of $6.40 to $6.60 per share. This range takes into account the dividend composition decision as well as our view of current conditions including those in the retail real estate business. As a result of our high quality portfolio, strong balance sheet, cost control measures, we were able to grow FFO per share of 8.8% in a very difficult operating environment when most REITs are reporting negative earnings and no expectations for growth in 2009 which is opposite of what we are saying and what weve done.  This year, 2009 will be another challenging year however we are up to the task and now we are ready for any questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Michael Mueller - JPMorgan
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Can you talk real time and tell us what youre seeing in terms of occupancy expectations for 2009, what youre seeing in terms of the lease spreads for the mall portfolio, for the outlet portfolio, versus what you put up in 2008.
Rick Sokolov : As David said we are well down the road on 2009 activity. Just to give you some numbers, in 2008 we completed 12,221,000 square feet of executed leases between renewals and new deals. So far in 2009 we have already executed 467,000 square feet of deals just in January and we have another 7,786,000 square feet of new deals, downsizes and renewals in our lease process. What were seeing is that we are very focused on dealing with the tenants across our portfolio. We are holding our margins and our rents where we can and that is in virtually all of our very good properties and where we have a tenant that we believe is in extreme financial distress, were trying to work with them to come up with a mutually acceptable basis for maintaining their occupancy in the portfolio. 
David Simon : As we indicated to you, we continue to believe that our comparable NOI for the mall portfolio will either be at least what the EBITDA was last year or up 1% and thats a pretty good testament to the resiliency of the mall portfolio. Occupancy might come under pressure in our numbers because of the expected bankruptcies of oncoming tenants. But even obviously thats been factored into our conclusion in terms of guidance and frankly right now our main focus is maintaining the cash flow and increasing it and thats where our energy is being spent. 
Steve Sterrett : We are in the same place as we sit here at the end of January dealing with our 2009 expirations as we were sitting here a year ago dealing with our 2008 expirations. We are about the same percentage through the current year expirations. 
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: So if youre looking on a full year, if you were call it a 20% spread or slightly 20, whats your best estimate at this point as to 2009 and as you look forward to 2010, how they could compress. 
David Simon : I think occupancies are going to come under some pressure. Theres been lots of research about how much its going to drop. Its not going to be anywhere near the research that Ive read. Im happy to point that out individually in terms of whos coming up with these guesstimates and we clearly have lots of cushion in our market rents in terms of where our leases are rolling over.  So I think well maintain our spreads. They may come, they may not be $8, they may be $5, $6. Weve been outperforming in that category. We wont back off of that. Occupancy will come under pressure. I think the bottom line is we think were going to grow our EBITDA. 
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: In past calls youve rattled off a list of retailers who are proactively looking for space and still growing, can you run through that list as it stands today. 
Rick Sokolov : People that we are dealing with right now that are going to be opening substantial numbers of stores in our portfolio in 2009 include Forever 21, H&M, [Tara], Coach, were still dealing with Express and opening substantial numbers of stores, [inaudible], Safora, just to name a few. 
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: It seems like in the 90s, you and your peer consolidated a lot of malls from the pension funds into the hands of yourselves and other operators, if you look at not specifically focusing on GGP but its hard to get around that, if you look at that [entity] that could have a number of malls be sold or liquidated over time, what do you think happens to cap rates, do you think pension funds who had been sellers over the past decade and other institutional investors step back in to help support the cap rates. How do you see that unfolding over the next few years. 
David Simon : I think it depends who the seller is. I think cap rates will go up for distressed sellers of quality real estate and I think cap rates will be a lot stickier for strong owners and theyre going to want to get their value. So I think you almost have to look at the seller to come to that conclusion and its very hard to know. I do think there will be some distressed sellers out there so I think thats going to create opportunities and I think therell be some stronger sellers that are going to wait for values to get back to the kind of levels that they think are appropriate.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: But are there more buyers then just three or four players?
David Simon : We hope not. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Want to circle back, obviously occupancy has held up well thus far in this cycle but just want to zero in on store closings, possibly rent renegotiations and perhaps as you look at inline versus anchor space, do you see any weakness with one versus the other in 2009?
David Simon : I think, all I can tell you is that Rick and I are pros at dealing with this in addition to our staff so there is I would say long-term were more concerned about some of the bigger boxes then we are about some of the small shop tenants and in terms of what they present to the consumer.  But I think in terms of how we deal with occupancy and how we deal with cash flow a lot of these are individual decisions with individual malls, what our relationship with the retailer is, what kind of other growth we can achieve from that retailer and we deal with our retailers on a broad account basis and theres a lot of give and take and well try to find the solution.  I think having the portfolio we do both in the mall business and in the other value sectors gives us, given the quality, given the productivity of those centers our financial stability I think gives us a great spot to be able to negotiate the right kind of deal with the retailer. 
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: And in case there were big box vacancies, where would you see opportunities to fill.
David Simon : I think the best of the breed just like in the retail real estate business, I think the best of the breed retailers are going to take advantage of opportunities whether its Target, Kohls, Best Buy, Bed, Bath and Beyond, none of these guys are out of business. Theyre all being extremely conservative as we are. The fact of the matter is their opportunities are going to come from that, theyre not going to come from new development.  As I said a year ago, I dont think anybody believed me, the new development business is dead for a decade. Maybe its eight years, maybe its not really completely dead. Maybe Im over dramatizing it for effect but the odds are that theres going to very very little new stuff for quite some time and the best of the breed, the guys that we want to do business and that want to do business with us, were going to have our opportunities.  You go down the category, theres a winner, theres guys that have the potential to win. They want to know that theyre dealing with quality real estate and a well-capitalized landlord and we offer both better then anybody in this industry. 
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: And youve said in the last few calls, no development for a decade, what do you think about mall closings, could it encompass as much as 15 to 20% of the mall industry over this cycle or is that unrealistic.
David Simon : I dont think it will be that dramatic but I do think there will be malls that will close. 
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: On the financing strategy can you talk about the unsecured maturities this year, is that going to come from the line thus far, the savings obviously from the dividend change?
Steve Sterrett : Our bonds have actually tightened a little bit but given where spreads are right now its unlikely in the near-term that we would be an issuer in the bond market and so for planning purposes well just use our line capacity and our cash to retire the $900 million of bonds that come due this year.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: You mentioned that you are percentage leased in terms of the 2009 the same level of 2008, can you just remind us where that is. 
Steve Sterrett : Were about two-thirds done. 
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: And then your same store forecast would you say thats a worst-case scenario or just as you see it today subject to revision. 
Steve Sterrett : Its as we see it today but with a, through the prism of today, were just coming off the worst Christmas season that weve seen so theres a fair bit of guesstimating in terms of where tenants sales are and the like but I would tell you we feel very comfortable with that range and that the EBITDA in the mall business will be positive. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Company 
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Company:  On the retailers that you listed that were coming into the portfolio in 2009 how many of those have come back and asked for renegotiations or concessions on what youve already negotiated prior?
Rick Sokolov : Where weve got deals that were done for the vast majority, weve been [ex] prosecuting them in that basis. A couple have come back and said, gee we are trying to relocate our capital into ten instead of nine and we in some instances, we have perhaps given a little more allowance but gotten more rent in exchange for that allowance. But the deals have been holding very steady. 
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Company: What are you seeing from tenants in terms of them pulling back or trying to shrink their space where maybe their inventory levels have come down and they want to be in smaller stores, or how are you able to accommodate for that. 
Rick Sokolov : Again its an interesting dichotomy in our best malls we are seeing very little of that. In fact, we have tenants coming to us saying they want more space so it is really a mall-specific conversation and not really one that is driven by an over arching strategy that runs across all properties. 
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Company: Related to the change in dividend payout how much of that is related to the fact that you want to have more liquidity in case of discounted asset pricing at some point later in the cycle where you might want to step back in. 
David Simon : Thats in the back of our minds but its not at the front of our mind right now. We are being extra, what I can really say to you, I think were just trying to be extra, extra conservative in terms of capital right now primarily to deal with the unforeseen going forward. We feel extremely confident about our business and about where we are positioned and what weve done over the last several years.  Weve made difficult decisions, weve zigged when others have zagged but I think at the end of the day Ill put our track record up against any other real estate REIT in the industry and right now we just want to be a little bit extra, extra cautious or maybe a lot more extra cautious when youre talking about maintaining another $900 million of cash.  And we just think thats the right thing to do. This is not a permanent decision, this is a decision that will be evaluated quarterly. Our Board is obviously very active and engaged in it. But prudence is the better part of valor right now and I hope you would appreciate something like that. 
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Company: Looking at the impairment charges that you recorded during the quarter and then looking at the Mills portfolio, seen a number of different REITs take write-downs on joint ventures and Im wondering how you go about looking at the joint venture with Mills and the potential for impairment at the some of the underperforming centers that you have. 
Steve Sterrett : First of all the Mills portfolio is performing right in line with our underwriting from our acquisition. As you know in December we sold the weakest asset in the portfolio, Cincinnati Mills, which we designated for sale. We look at all of our assets on quarter-by-quarter basis and run them through the traps for an impairment analysis and were very comfortable with the conclusions that weve reached. We wrote down one, not a Mills asset but a weak mall in Tennessee, to basically its land value. We wrote off some predevelopment projects that were not pursuing any more but nothing else on the radar screen. 
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Company: In terms of the feedback youre getting from some of your lenders from the secured lending side, as well as the unsecured, what are you hearing in terms of them with an appetite for getting capital right now. 
Steve Sterrett : You think about the debt side of our balance sheet traditionally there have been four pockets of funds for us. Bonds as I mentioned earlier, our spreads have actually tightened but theyre still at historical [wide] levels and you havent seen an reissue really since summer of 2008 and that market is not attractive to us right now. The banks are all trying to figure out what theyre cost of capital is and so while we are having discussions theres not a lot of activity going on there. The [CMBS] market is defunct for the current time and our expectation is its going to stay that way for a while. So the one market that is out there in some sense of normalcy are the [life] companies and there is an appetite. I think one of the very interesting things that the [life] companies have the opportunity to do is significantly upgrade their portfolio both in terms of quality of assets but also quality of sponsors. And if you think about what one of the things that probably helped the demise in the [CMBS] market is there was very little attention was paid to who the sponsor of the asset was.  So I think we will get a disproportionate share of what the open to buy is for the [life] companies. Were having lots of conversations, were showing them assets that they may not have seen a year or two ago. And there is clearly an appetite on their part to do more business with us.  David Simon  I think the tone generally is getting a little firmer but its not quite where it ultimately needs to be but its getting a little bit better.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank 
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank:  Can you talk about the JV cash, as that balance builds, how much is really freely distributable to the partners versus you need to have some cash in a venture.
Steve Sterrett : In the JVs your cash on a relative basis is always going to be higher because youre holding cash in the venture for things like real estate taxes that may only be paid semi annually or annually where for us on a wholly owned consolidated property well [velocitize] that cash because were just funding it ourselves.  But there is no question that theres ample cash in the joint ventures, were distributing cash in almost every venture on a monthly basis right now and attempting just like we would with corporate cash to use that as efficiently and effectively as we can.  But if you look at the gross number and obviously, half or more is not ours because its our joint venture partner and you do have to be a little bit careful because more of it is going to be targeted for future obligations whether theyre real estate taxes or tenant allowances or CapEx or the like. 
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank: With regards to your secured debt financings both the JV and at the unconsolidated level what are your expectations for excess finance proceeds coming out of those financings. 
Steve Sterrett : Weve got about a billion dollars of mortgage debt coming due this year and I would tell you there will be pluses and there will be minuses but net net we would expect to essentially be able to roll it over at about an even level, may come out of pocket a little bit on some, may need to de-lever a few but we should be, were not a company thats chased the last 5 or 10% of loan to value so as I look at the portfolio in 2009 its on the aggregate a little under 50% LTV, its $500 a foot, and were feeling a little bit better that the market is firming a bit and I think within spitting distance one way or the other well roll that paper over. 
David Simon : That billion, that includes, half of that is JV debt so and our partner is going to be responsible obviously for any shortfall there. If not, theyre going to be primed to the extent if capital is required and they dont put it up and we choose to put it up. 
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank: With regards to the outlets, the sales are holding up pretty nicely, wheres the relative strength in that portfolio either geographically or by country or however you slice it. 
David Simon : I think the outlet business generally has, [Woodbury] Commons as an example was strong. We started to see some Las Vegas was pretty good, but were starting to see softness there and Florida, Orlando, was starting to get soft. The outlets business has been great but its not immune to the economy.  I dont think anything unfortunately is immune to the kind of economy that were seeing in any industry and people still obviously see a lot reasons to go to the value oriented centers but its not immune and some of the tourist areas are starting to see a little softness there.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman - Citi 
Michael Bilerman - Citi:  I noticed that you removed the fourth quarter same store NOI numbers, we calculated it for the malls, it was down about between 4 and 5%, wondering whether you could outline what the main drivers of that were, and given your forecast for growth for next year, given that drop in the fourth quarter Im wondering what keeps you confident in those numbers.
Steve Sterrett : At the beginning of 2008 we were substantially enough converted to fixed [cam] that we adjusted how we recognize revenue from common area maintenance payments the tenants are making as opposed to what we had done the prior year. That gave a disproportionate impact to the fourth quarter. We actually recognized cam revenues earlier because were not recognizing them with the tenant pays as opposed to historically we had matched the revenues to the expense that you would do on a pro rata method. Its a long-winded explanation but that really disproportionately impacted the fourth quarter comp NOI calculation. You are right in that on the surface the fourth quarter comp NOI which showed down in the 4% range but its irrelevant because 300 of that 400 basis points was simply related to the way we adjusted the methodology and how we calculated cam revenues. Be careful in looking at that headline of down 400 basis points. The 80 basis points, 100 basis points that David mentioned is more reflective of the trends and that is rolling over our rents at 20%, we have about 10% of leases expire, that gives us 200 basis points of positive growth. Over the course of the year we did get about a 50 basis point positive impact from cam both through cost control and our ongoing conversion to fix cam and then that was offset by the weakness in percentage and overage rents as well as higher bad debt expense.  Dont put credence into the fourth quarter number and really look at the overall trend for the year in that 1% range. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi: So youre saying it would only be down about 1%.
Steve Sterrett : Thats correct. If you normalize the way we accounted for cam in the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter comp NOI in the mall business would have been down about 100 basis points. 
David Simon : And thats a function of overage rent and bad debt.
Steve Sterrett : Mostly overage rent in the quarter. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi: But thats going to accelerate into next year as well. You have to assume that if sales trends continue to go the way they are the overage rents will continue to get squeezed, youll have some increased vacancy, youll be able to still have positive mark-to-market but I have to assume the same headwinds that effected you during this year where you were able to eek out the 80 basis points positive but take in more towards the lower end or even negative same store.
David Simon : We feel confident about what weve told you. Its flat to 1%. We have work to do. Were pretty good at what we do. We have leases that will roll over. Were still making leases. Were watching our costs. And also we dont think our bad debt will be as bad as it was in 2008. We will work hard to achieve what weve just explained to you. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Was there anything on the leasing strategy when you look at your lease rollover, it looks like you took out a million square feet of the 2009 roll, but 2010 went up by about 400,000 square feet, I dont know if that was just short-term extension of the leasing that was completed in, what was rolling in 2009.
Rick Sokolov : In some instances we are doing short-term one year renewals because frankly we want to keep a tenant in occupancy but in we also want to preserve our optionality because we believe were going to have a better pricing market in 2010 then in 2009 and we did not want to tie in for longer term rent that we believe are not optimal for that space. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi: When you look at that 400,000 square feet what sort of, was there an abundance of certain tenants and what were you able to eek out in terms of rents on that space, are they paying a higher rent for a one year lease or 
Rick Sokolov : As I told you in our prior statistics were dealing with over 12 million square feet of space and weve processed probably 8500 leases so its really all built into our numbers and as we said weve taken that into account.
David Simon : And just remember that if the lease is not longer then a year its not included in our occupancy. I think other companies weight, average weight their leases, if its less then a year and include part of it but we dont. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Just in sense of your liberty shares which have dropped significantly since you acquired them, can you explain what the chances are of a write-down in 2009 and what that would pay at account levels.
David Simon : Well have to see what transpires in 2009. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi: You didnt take an evaluation that the move was other then temporary for fourth quarter results, about a 50% decline relative to where you purchased.
Steve Sterrett : We, as I think you see, theres a valuation adjustment that flows through other comprehensive income reflecting the mark-to-market of liberty. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi: As you bought the stake, obviously at the time you were thinking that it was below NAV, how do you think about that today in terms of that stake and being opportunistic with that capital.
David Simon : We think its a good company, we are comfortable being a long-term shareholder. We think longer term then quarter to quarter. Well follow obviously whatever GAAP tells us to follow but we have a lot of confidence in the long-term prospects of that company. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Have you sold or bought any stocks since the last filing?
David Simon : We dont disclose that other then what were obligated to disclose. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi: You were last right below the 5% threshold, 
David Simon : Well we disclosed what were going to disclose and thats available publically.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Schmidt  Banc of America  
Greg Schmidt  Banc of America :  This quarter theres been an increased chatter about tenants renegotiating rents, to the point it seems to come up every discussion about mall REITs, from your perspective whats the greatest increase those negotiations could go in 2009 relative to 2008. 
David Simon : Weve got two-thirds of our leases done so were talking about the balance of what we want to get accomplished and at the end of the day if it happens its not overly, its immaterial Id say. We are a company that has over $3.2 billion of EBITDA so any one tenant on $2 of rent per square foot is not going to drive our results one way or another.  We are also as I said earlier extremely, well positioned to deal with tenants in that area that want to do that but well make an assessment of whether we want to maintain a relationship with the tenant, what theyre doing for us, and trying to carve a win win.  Are tenants doing that? Sure. Is it something that we know how to deal with? The answer is yes. Is that reflected in what we think the comp NOI projection were going to have next year, the answer is yes. Could it get worse? Sure. Could it get better? Sure.
Greg Schmidt  Banc of America : But at this point from your perspective even looking at deals going forward its not really moving the needle to the degree you would expect when you see these conference calls on retailers. 
David Simon : Put it this way, its more important for their results then it is for ours. And that goes without saying and I can walk you through that model if we had more time. So the answer its more material for them then it is for us. We produce a lot more sales and were a lot more important to their success then they are to ours and I guess the best way to describe that is generally the small shop retailer does about 20% of their sales in our portfolio and as you can see the percent of rent, the highest is around 2% so you can figure the math out. 
Greg Schmidt  Banc of America : When are you expecting the retail same store sales in the nation to turn positive again. 
David Simon : I dont think we can anticipate, give you a number on that. Part of this is self-fulfilling. The retailers are extremely conservative, theyve reduced their inventory, they are running, I think its important to note and I think everybody should anticipate that thats why their sales are going to be less important to us this year then you might appreciate is that they are going to have lower sales because they are going to be extremely conservative on their inventory. And they are going to be very focused on their margins. So we expect sales probably to continue to decline because they are just going to have less goods to sell.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carol Kemple  Hilliard Lyons  
Carol Kemple  Hilliard Lyons :  On the dividend change it says you have the option to pay it entirely in cash if you choose, what would may you decide to do that. 
David Simon : I think if we become less prudent in terms of capital allocation we feel that theres a better credit market out there among those kind of things. 
Carol Kemple  Hilliard Lyons : On the outlet side, what retailers are wanting space in outlet and are you seeing any of your mall retailers deciding to go to the outlet form.
David Simon : Were seeing more and more of that. Weve seen that trend over the last couple of years and we continue to see that. 
Carol Kemple  Hilliard Lyons : Are there any specific ones that you can name?
Rick Sokolov : In fact recently Anne Taylor announced that they are establishing an Anne Taylor Loft outlet division and they are very focused on doing that. We are working with Bath and Body who is now interested in expanding their presence in the outlet and I will tell you as a collateral item to that in our Mills portfolio we are seeing even more of a growth of the full priced retailers wanting to grow in that format and theyve been opening considerable number of stores like Express and Safora and Victoria Secret all with very good results.  So both of those platforms are benefiting from tenants getting into multiple channels and cross-fertilizing across our platforms.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Unspecified Analyst  
Unspecified Analyst :  Two-thirds of the leases for 2009 have been addressed already so does it mean at this point in the year that one-third will not be renewing their leases.
David Simon : No, were just in the process of negotiation. 
Unspecified Analyst : Do you have a sense of what percent of the 2009 expirations will not be renewed?
David Simon : Generally we tend to not renew for all sorts of reasons about 20% and that could be a function of theyre not paying the rent, we want to re-merchandise it, they want to leave, all of those reasons. 
Unspecified Analyst : At this point what percent have indicated they will not be renewing. 
Steve Sterrett : No different then historical trends I would say. 
Unspecified Analyst : You show expirations for malls and free standing and then for anchors, have you addressed two-thirds of anchors as well or its all different proportions. 
Rick Sokolov : The anchors are a very different scenario because they all have options built into their leases and a very high percentage of those options are renewed. So those typically do not have to give notice till six months prior to the expiration and were working with them but there are minimal anchors that have indicated even discussed potentially not renewing, they are staying in place. 
Unspecified Analyst : If you take a look at your less productive centers, lets say sells per square foot of $350 and below how have they performed, how is their sales per square foot and occupancy held up. 
David Simon : Again it depends a bit on where that center is so at $350 square foot in one area of the country is actually not a bad center and if you were in the New York area it might be a bit tough. It somewhat depends on the competition and the retail market there. The vast majority of our centers are dominant in their trade area and even if they produce $350, are fine. Theyre hanging in there doing their business they need to do. They may not have the growth characteristics of some of the higher productivity centers but were maintaining the cash flow. 
Unspecified Analyst : So would you say the occupancy for those centers has held up similarly to your overall portfolio. 
David Simon : Its a case-by-case basis. 
Unspecified Analyst : You mentioned that on case by case basis you will work with tenants that are struggling to maintain occupancy, what percent of the tenants would you say are struggling.
Rick Sokolov : Frankly it is a very small percentage. If you look again we indicated were a $3.2 billion enterprise and the number of tenants that we are even having conversations with is a very very small fraction of that and candidly in many instances we do not agree to give any kind of accommodation. These are not one-way negotiations though. Were going to be talking to them about what theyre prospects are, whats the rent theyre willing to pay, are they willing to extend their term. Theres a lot of other aspects of this and happily we are positioned with the strength of our portfolio and our balance sheet to be able to have these negotiations on a very even footing with the tenant. 
Unspecified Analyst : In your lifestyle center portfolio there was a significant drop in occupancy, was there anything in particular that happened. 
Steve Sterrett : Its the community center and lifestyle division, the preponderance of the GLA in that portfolio is in the strip centers and some of the large boxes, Linens & Things and Circuit City, is the primary driver of that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Yang - Green Street Advisors
Ben Yang - Green Street Advisors: Going back to the sales theme it looks like comparable sales in your mall portfolio fell about 16% during the fourth quarter, can you comment on whether that number is in the right ballpark and then is there any reason to believe the trend wont continue into 2009.
David Simon : Youre much too high. Sales did drop but if you looked at, its more like in the 10%. We cant prognosticate where sales are going to come out. We all know whats going on in the general economic environment and I think as weve said the retailers are very focused on what theyre going to have in the stores in terms of inventory management so we are expecting sales to decrease. Thats one of the reasons why you see our comp NOI projection for 2009 to be flat to 1% because we are still projecting our overage rent to decrease for 2009 which is a direct result of sales. I wish we knew exactly where that is. Theres variability in it. Its not going to drive us one way or another because you can see what the overage and percentage rent mean in terms of our EBITDA but we are expecting sales trend to continue downward.
Ben Yang - Green Street Advisors: What exactly are you expecting for 2009 in terms of sales. 
David Simon : Its a tenant-by-tenant analysis. 
Ben Yang - Green Street Advisors: For your portfolio, could it be down 10% for the year. 
David Simon : We are not projecting that much but for overage we actually trended so it depends on how the tenant did and its really a tenant-by-tenant analysis when we do our planning. 
Ben Yang - Green Street Advisors: Given your experience in the industry do you think theres been a secular shift in consumer spending and that mall sales could be permanently lower once the dust settles.
David Simon : I really dont sense that at all. There are going to be, I think retail obsolescence has been increasing over the last decade. I think any time you run into this kind of downturn youre going to see maybe an acceleration of that but I firmly believe that good centers and strong centers with appropriate sponsorship and management will hold their value. They are much more resilient in terms of cash flow generation then any other product that exists. Look at hotels, if you lose one office tenant you cant replicate that income stream any time in the near future. The malls are a lot more resilient then you think. I do think there will be more obsolescence in this environment but I dont think were in a five or ten year secular shift. 
Ben Yang - Green Street Advisors: You commented earlier on seeing some weakness in luxury can you comment briefly on the sales trends between your high end and your less productive malls. 
Rick Sokolov : They were pretty much the same interestingly enough. There was not an outsized, in fact they were each down about the same and again the luxury tenants in some instances were down significantly. But part of that is because they were up so much in 2007 and one of the issues that the luxury tenants had is that they were basically caught in a U-turn in their demand so when they ordered their inventory for 2008 it was based on very robust trends in 2007. The more moderate priced retailers had less robust trends in 2007 so had more modest inventories in 2008 and were not as substantially impacted. 
David Simon : Lots of retailers have already posted their comp sales. The vast majority and we keep track of this, if they post their comp sales up or down we will tend to, our portfolio will tend to outperform. So lets say a retailer reports 8% up our portfolio will probably be 10 or 11% up. Or if they report down we will be less down and again thats the vast, vast majority. Sometimes it doesnt quite happen that way.  I think when you look at comp sales for the retailers, you could make a probably a pretty reasonable assumption that were outperforming slightly on the positive and slightly on the negative and thats something we track about and thats why we continue to be a very important ingredient to the retailer success.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus 
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus : You mentioned you have more concerns about some of the box tenants and Im wondering if you might comment on where Sears, K-Mart goes given that you have them in more then half of your locations. 
David Simon : I really dont like commenting on specific retailers. It puts us in a tough spot other then I feel very confident from a financial point of view that theyre in good shape producing positive operating cash flow and theyre focused on becoming a better merchant. Beyond that thats really all I can say. 
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus : You had approached them at some point about maybe taking some stores back and they didnt entertain that, is that something that you still think you have alternative uses should there be an issue going forward. 
David Simon : Sure, and again I think what well see is, some of the very good centers will ultimately get some good real estate back because Ill take an example, the one Sears store that we were able to purchase was in South Park in Charlotte, where we added Neiman and Nordstrom, and other tenants and Sears just wasnt the right tenant for that higher end mall and thats always the case.  They perform very well in a number of higher end malls but and so I think in those cases there may be those kind of deals. Not just with Sears but with some of the other boxes or department stores. 
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus : How did the Cincinnati Mills sale come in against your basis and expectations. 
David Simon : On Cincinnati, right on and otherwise wed have a gain or loss associated with it. 
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus : Bankruptcies in general for the small tenants have been below I think what most people thought and you indicated that for January, but what about as you look forward in terms of factoring inventory this summer, is there anything you might be prepared to do to help your tenants who wont find financing.
David Simon : Sometimes we do and part of that would be what we can do on the rent side but the one area that is a concern for retail when they, remember retailers are still good retailers, their financial structure may not be appropriate or they took on leverage from a buying out of a tenant or they went private with too much leverage, there are all sorts of things. But and some of those are just good retailers with too much leverage. The one concern that we do have, one concern that doesnt seem to be breaking the ice is that those retailers with a good plan or a good operator but maybe have bad capital structure the lack of [dip] financing continues to be an issue.  And we saw this in December a little bit and thats why our occupancy got hit. Normally if a retailer went out of business or went into Chapter 11 [inaudible] theyd get dip financing and theyd restructuring their capital structure and theyd be able to operate. Given the lack of dip financing right now retailers are just liquidating.  So we would like to see some stability or some market to come back in the dip world. I dont think thats something were going to play in but we would like to see that market come back. Its always been a profitable market for the lenders of that but as they reined in their loans this is one area where they are not taking any risk. 
Rick Sokolov : The vast majority of our retails have very strong balance sheets with virtually no debt. So the retailers David are talking about are those that were maybe involved in some LBOs and added on a lot of debt but the credit profile of our retailers which we monitor on a weekly basis is frankly stronger even after taking into account substantial declines in the last 12 month EBITDA reflecting Decembers results.  So the good news is that the concerns youre talking about are going to be isolated among a small number of tenants. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Thinking about releasing times for a minute, if you have some bankruptcies in the first quarter how quickly do you think you release that space.
David Simon : In 2009, that would be a challenge and thats where I mentioned earlier that the occupancy, if that happened, could come under a bit of pressure because that would be a challenge because theres not a huge open, to open for the retailers. So if that happened and we werent able to, and that retailer liquidated and went out of business, to achieve that in 2009 we would make that up by doing some local leasing or some temporary tenant leasing which is still maintaining its demand. But to get the full occupancy the way we calculate it which is to have a lease over a year might be difficult to achieve for that calendar year in 2009.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Thinking about the financing for a second, are any of these guys talking about extensions, is that a more prevalent conversation or how do they feel about extending debt if you or some of your peers cant get a piece of debt done.
Steve Sterrett : I think its tow things, lets separate the life company market from the CMBS market. A life company who has a loan coming due know the assets, in the case of our portfolio is very comfortable with the asset and wants very much to extend so renewals is kind of an ordinary course of business there.  The question is when youve got a CMBS loan and the loan is performing and thats the conversation that youre going to have with the servicer and well see. Theres clearly maturities that are coming due. Having said all that for us as I mentioned, very comfortable loan to values, very modest leverage so happily its not a situation that weve been dealing with. 
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: The unsecured note that you have thats due today, that goes on the line of credit I assume?
Steve Sterrett : Correct.
David Simon : We do have cash too.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets:  Private equity, is there any thawing in terms of interest in the real estate space from pension funds, other equity sources.
David Simon : I would say generally US based by and large, no. International based, yes. I think the US based pension fund is tougher because of their own whats going on either with their endowments or their retirees or their own, not so much that real estate has been black lined, its just theyve got lots of things to worry about, hedge fund performance, private equity LBL performance, capital calls, commitments, retiree benefits, the poor performance, etc.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: And is that international interest in US assets?
David Simon : Yes. 
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: The three Vegas assets that general growth has, you are obviously a logical potential buyer of those assets, is that something youre looking seriously at. 
David Simon : No. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of RJ Milligan  Raymond James 
RJ Milligan  Raymond James : You commented that the number of retailers struggling and coming back to renegotiate rents was very small, how does that translate into delinquencies, where are they now versus a year ago or even three months ago. 
Steve Sterrett : Our receivable balance at the end of January will be pretty much right on top of where it was at the end of December and December 2008 was pretty much right on top of where it was at December of 2007. Not to say were not having to work harder and chase a little harder to get those dollars in the door, but we have not seen a significant change in the composition of our receivable balance. 
RJ Milligan  Raymond James : Who is currently on your credit watch list, which retailers are you concerned about. 
David Simon : I think its no different then what everybody else is, again its very tough for us to name retailers publically but there are a handful and again some of these are good operators that are on there because they bought something or they went private or those kind of things as opposed to just bad performance.  But its very tough for us to name retailers publically like that . 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
David Simon : I just wanted to say thank you. Were proud of our 2008 performance when others arent growing their company and I think again we feel confident that well continue to be able to maintain our unparalleled record of growth in 2009. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelly Doran - VP of IR David Simon - Chairman and CEO Rick Sokolov - President and COO Steve Sterrett - CFO
Analysts: Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank Christy McElroy - Banc of America Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Company Paul Morgan - FBR Michael Dimler - UBS Michael Bilerman - Citi Jeff Spector - UBS Ben Yang - Green Street Advisors Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Fred Taylor - MJX Asset Management Michael Bilerman - Citi 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentleman and welcome to the Q3 2008 Simon Property Group Inc. Earnings Call. My name is Becky, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Miss Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may proceed. 
Shelly Doran: Thank you. Welcome to the Simon Property Group third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Please be aware that statements made during this call that are not historical may be deemed forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risk and uncertainties. Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties. Acknowledging the fact that this call maybe webcast for some time to come, we believe it is important to note that the call include time-sensitive information that maybe accurate only as of today's date November 3, 2008. Company's quarterly supplemental information package was filed earlier this morning as a Form 8-K. This filing is available via mail or e-mail and it is posted on the Simon website in the investor relation section under financial information quarterly supplemental packages. Participating in today's call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Simon.
David Simon: Okay, good morning and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased to report another strong quarter and I would like to just take a few minutes at this time to review highlights for the quarter, and then we will open the call up for your questions. Third quarter FFO, funds from operation was $1.61 per share, up 10.3% over the prior year, all of our property platforms continue to perform well, occupancy in the mall portfolio was 92.5% as compared to 92.7% in the year earlier period despite the fact that square footage lost to bankruptcy for the first nine months of 2008 totaled 435,000 square feet as compared to 53,000 square feet during the first nine months of 2007. Our premium outlet portfolio remains nearly fully leased at 98.8%, comparable sales in the mall portfolio was $493 per square foot, up four-tenths of 1% as compared to the year earlier period, sales have been affected by the weak US economy, premium outlet sales growth remains strong, increasing 4.2% to $520 per square foot driven by our centers with substantial international tourist exposure as well as the US consumer seeking value. Comparable property NOI was up 3.1% for the mall portfolio and 6.6% for the premium outlet portfolio for the nine months ended September, 30th. The releasing spread of our mall portfolio was $8.65 for the first nine months representing 23.6% increase. The releasing spread for our premium outlet portfolio was $13.02, representing a strong 49.4% increase. We recently completed significant redevelopments at Tacoma Mall in Tacoma, Washington University Park in Mishawaka, Indiana and started construction on our eight Premium Outlet center in Japan. In the last month, Nordstrom has open new stores at the Fashion Mall at Keystone in Indianapolis, Ross Park Mall in Pittsburgh and Tacoma. This week, we will open the fully leased expansion of Orlando Premium Outlets, and next week, we will open Jersey Shore Premium Outlets, which is over 90% leased. We will continue to remain diligent in allocating capital only to those projects that meet our return requirements. In fact given the current economic conditions, we anticipate our capital spending will be down significantly in 2009. In the third quarter, SPG completed six financing that totaled $1.220 billion of proceeds with a weighted average term of six years and an average interest rate of 5.72%. During the quarter, we also unencumbered six assets that generate over $57 million of annual EBITDA and our unencumbered portfolio today generates annual EBITDA in excess of $1.7 billion and sales of approximately 500 per square foot. We have addressed all of our 2008 debt maturities; we are well-positioned financially given our significant cash position of over $950 million including our share joint-venture cash and our availability in our corporate credit facility of over $2.5 billion. Before I get to guidance and my concluding remarks, I would like to address two items out in the public domain, the first of which relates to traffic and occupancy. There are a number of firms that monitor and report shopper traffic and occupancy at US malls. These firms issue releases and are interviewed by national media sources purportedly as industry experts on the topic. I would like to go on record and state definitively that we do not report any data to these firms. I believe that several other owners of high quality retail real estate assets also do not participate. Therefore, I leave to it your judgment as to whether or not their data is representative of the industry and certainly not us. Additionally there has been a great deal of public speculation about possibility of our acquisition of General Growth Properties. While our policy is generally not to comment on specific rumors like this, I will tell you that in the current environment I can not envision a set of circumstances that would result in such a transaction. Now let me turn back to guidance and my concluding remarks. Based upon third quarter results, projected activity for the rest of the year and our view of current market conditions today we gave 2008 FFO guidance of $6.40 to $6.45 per share increasing the lower end of our previously provided range by $0.02. Our initial guidance for 2008 was $6.25 to $6.45 per share, and did not anticipate the second quarter 2008 debt extinguishment charge of $0.07 per share. I believe with the drastic change in the economy, we are probably one of the few real estate companies that have effectively increased our 2008 guidance. These are clearly challenging times, but I believe we will continue to be successful including generating positive NOI growth from our portfolio and FFO growth in 2009. We anticipate, obviously, a slower leasing environment and have worked diligently to execute leases for upcoming exploration. As a result, we are ahead of where we were at this point in time last year in leasing our upcoming year's explorations, we are aggressively managing our cost and our capital spend and we have a strong balance sheet. I remind you that we are more than a regional mall company with substantial income generated by our community center and premium outlet portfolios, both of which should offer benefits in a challenging economic environment as consumers continue to look for value. With that said, we are pleased with our results and we are now open for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Jay Haberman of Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning, here with [Johan] as well. I guess, David, clearly the change in outlook in the credit markets, can you talk about sort of the 2009 outlook for debt maturities and what options remain available? I mean you did do a substantial amount of refinancing in the quarter and that's certainly positive news, but it sounds like you're keeping some powder dry here, you want to keep cash in the balance sheet as well as your line free and clear?
David Simon: That's accurate. We have $900 million of senior unsecured notes that come due next year as well as our share of secured debt around 900 million. We don't anticipate any concern about refinancing the secured debt. We're making progress. Obviously the capital markets currently are more or less shutdown. I think we've been anticipating for a year now that the world was about to change. We are well positioned to handle that, as evidenced by our credit facility as well as the amount of cash on our balance sheet.
Steve Sterrett: Hey Jay, this is Steve. I'd just add one comment on the secured debt that's coming due in 2009. It's property that average $500 a foot. Its property that even at pretty conservative cap rates are 50% loan-to-value, so, I think even in a relatively difficult market, we feel good about our ability to roll that over.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Okay, sounds good. And you mentioned as well reducing sort of the CapEx for next year. Can you comment on specifically what percent decrease you expect and also, David, your comments with regard to a large competitor, I mean would you look at one-off acquisitions in terms of individual assets?
David Simon: Well, let me talk about capital spending. We anticipate, it's kind of a flexible number, because we continue to work very diligently. We have a lot of value to our portfolio. We feel that there are going to be a number of unique opportunities to do that in the upcoming years. I call kind of [flex off] and flex defense. Right now, we're in the flex defense. Our share of capital spending, we anticipate being just under $400 million next year in '09 that can certainly increase opportunistically if the world stabilizes, which I think it will in '09, but we're certainly planning that it won't. That's just my judgment. I went outside of our corporate policy on that commenting on M&A transactions, but I felt like given the size of the transaction, the importance of what's going on there. I felt like I had to answer it other than that, Jay. I really can't shed anymore light on that other than those statements. We've been really good storage of capital here. We will not do anything stupid. And we are very focused on continue to grow our company prudently. Beyond that, I don't want to comment other than those statements.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Sounds good, and then just last question, In terms of the NOI growth, you gave the year-to-date statistics. Obviously the third quarter result was a bit of a deceleration from the previous quarter. Was there anything in there specifically, whether it was higher bankruptcies you referenced?
David Simon: Jay, let me just focus on that. I would always look to the year-to-date number. I go back for instance in the second quarter of '07, the malls had 1.6% NOI growth and the quarterly numbers have a lot of variability to it. We still think very comfortably that in '08 we're going to grow the comp NOI of the mall portfolio consistent with the guidance we gave. The third quarter was a little bit lower than that, but what we see in the fourth quarter, we think we'll make it up, so we're within that 3% to 4% range.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Rick is there any comments on October sales, or any thoughts on the GAAP, the announcement to close stores.
David Simon: I'll just add Rick while Rick is gathering his thoughts. What GAAP is doing is not unusual and it's something that we've frankly have seen and been dealing with over the last couple of years. We don't have October sales. We get those anywhere from 20 days to 30 days in arrears, But anecdotally, we think the October sales are going to be tough. Rick now that you've gathered your thoughts.
Rick Sokolov: I think October sales are going to be tough. I will say to you that this environment from the credit side is certainly more unique by the terms of the give-and-take with our tenants. We've gone through this a number of times before. We're working through with our tenants and we are still proceeding with all of our leasing activities and that is continuing a pace.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Great, but it sounds like the spreads are still holding up which is good.
Rick Sokolov: There you are.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Lou Taylor of Deutsche Bank. You may proceed.
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, good morning, guys. David, can you talk a little bit specifically about your January (inaudible) and philosophically, how do you plan to address those either through secured financing, just using cash, using a line? How do you specifically think if you are going to refinance those bonds?
David Simon: We are going to use our corporate facilities and/or our cash. We are assuming right now that the unsecured market is not going to be that attractive. So at this point, that's why we have husband or capital appropriately and obviously that's not an issue for us. We believe that there is lot of opportunities for us to access capital of the company, of our position, and our liquidity, but right now we are not anticipating that, we'll just use our cash that we have husband on the balance sheet.
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you. And then second question for Steve, Steve in terms of the JV share of FFO or contribution FFO this quarter. It's like kind of other income and other expense bounced around a bunch from Q2. Any major events or drivers there?
Steve Sterrett: Lou, there was jut one thing. We sold the residential component of the domain, which was a mall that we opened in Austin, Texas about 18 months ago. That was a 50-50 venture with a multi-family developer and our share of that gain was about $9 million.
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you.
David Simon: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy of Banc of America. You may proceed
Christy McElroy - Banc of America: Hi, good morning, everyone. Just following up on same-store sales growth, can you break that out by month during the quarter? I know that you said that October is not going to be great, but I am specifically curious about the [churn] in September?
David Simon: We don't do it by month, but September was worse. Basically we were up July and August and September was a tough month in terms of sales. We still ended up four-tenths of 1% but the important thing that we are not a retailer, so we don't live and die by monthly sales. September was a bad month and you saw the retailers but beyond that we do this on a quarterly. I think it's more important to do on a quarterly basis because in fact we are not a retailer and what happens in one month really doesn't have any bearing on us at all.
Christy McElroy - Banc of America: And then I noticed in the regional mall portfolio, there was about a 2% decline in comp store sales. Would you say that type of a decline was fairly characteristic of the Class B, C malls in your portfolio in Q3?
David Simon: No, not really. I think you got to look at where the malls are and any new competition that comes to the market, nothing there that would cause us to be overly concerned.
Christy McElroy - Banc of America: Okay. And then, regarding to development leasing in this environment. How much more difficult has it become over the last month to get a retailer to sign a lease on a new development project both in the US and internationally. And have you seen any tenants pulling out of projects.
David Simon: The fact is, we don't have much new development, we have the expansion of Domain under construction and we have Cincinnati Premium Outlet and we're open in New Jersey. And we have the options of starting some new stuff next year, but that's it. So we don't have new development really undergoing this year. I will say though there are handful of retailers that have cut to open to buy a handful of retailers that are essentially waiting to decide how much they're going to spend next year in terms of CapEx, kind of waiting to see what happens for the next three to four months. Some plans are on hold. And frankly, we anticipated. That's why we're been pretty prudent on new development. But, Rick, you can add to that.
Rick Sokolov: And the only other thing I will tell you at Domain, we are done with our anchor down. We are probably about 65% leased as we sit here today for an opening in November of '09. So, what we're finding is that on the good opportunities, people are still interested and happily we do not have a lot of inventory out there right now, but we need to deal with it's new.
Christy McElroy - Banc of America: Is it fair to say that redevelopment leasing has been already there?
David Simon: Well, it is. But we have been successful on our new development as well. So for us, right now even thought we've had some volatility with certain retailers on a few stores here and there. We feel that we're executing both, our redevelopment and our development pipeline according to plan. Now, we expect '09 for new store openings to be at a reduce level, that's why we're been a little bit cautious, we're listening to our clients. We're not forcing the issue. We certainly could in some cases, but we are choosing not to. But were still seeing success and we're accomplishing, both through our redevelopment and development efforts.
Christy McElroy - Banc of America: Okay. And then and just last.
David Simon: As evidence, Rick and I were in Pittsburgh, I don't know it was last week, and what we did, I was in Boston the week before with Burlington, and what we've done there, so we are getting the job done.
Christy McElroy - Banc of America: On your lease explorations in 2009, I know you said you are ahead of last year, but how much of that is already addressed today and what should we be looking for in terms of kind of releasing spreads versus '08 levels?
Rick Sokolov: Well, just to give you a sense of the activity that we've had in the mall portfolio. Year-to-date this is all fully executed. We have 6,900,000 square feet of leases that had been fully executed in '08. That includes new deals, relocations, expansions and renewals and that' 2,451 deals through September 30. We have that for signature. Now these are in process, but once they get to a certain point in our system, we have a relatively high confidence that they are going to be executed an additional 4,230,000 square feet of space representing another 1,336 leases. So as we've been saying for the last several quarters, we have been very focused on dealing with our tenants on a much broader outlook. In terms of years, we are substantially ahead, probably 10% to 15% as we sit here today. On '09 renewals, where we were as against '08 and we are now substantially into renewals that are coming up in the first quarter of '10. And that was an increased focus on us. We instituted it back in '06 and it's standing in very good stead with us, so to-date our spreads are holding up as we reported. And certainly, we are going to continue to make sure we price our space appropriately.
Christy McElroy - Banc of America: Great. Thanks, guys.
Rick Sokolov: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Biffert of Oppenheimer & Company. You may proceed.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Company: Good morning. David, my first question is regarding the redevelopment, development pipeline. When you look out to '09, what are you guys raising your hurdle rates to when you assess new projects?
David Simon: Yeah. That's a good question. Clearly, our cost of capital has increased reasonably, right? Not more than marginally, so now we do think that the volatility associated with it, and its rapid rise is not a stabilized number, so we are trying to get a handle on that. But I think from new development standpoint, thankfully the new development focus continues to be with the Chelsea product. The returns continue to be probably in the 12% to 14% range conservatively underwritten. That will continue to motivate us to build assuming we can still achieve those. And the redevelopment is a little bit lower than that. We still are looking for double-digits. I think we can justify that given also what it does to the other parts of that asset and also how it positions it in the marketplace, but I would tell you that new development would be north of 12% to 14%. And redevelopment would clearly we would be looking try around 10. And if the current volatility and rapid rise in our cost to capital and the industry's stabilizes at that level then we are going to have to reassess, but my guess is, we are dealing with the temporary phenomenon right now. 
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Company: And how temporary in your view do you think that will be?
David Simon: Well, I wish I knew. I really don't. But I think historically, our cost to capital has been a lot lower than that, and I think it will trend toward the mean. I may not reach where we were in the 2007 period, but I do think it will revert back to the main and those kind of investments will add to our net asset value and the value of our firm overall.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. And then, Rick, if you can talk a little bit about the pent up demand you might have in any of your malls in terms of the replacement tenants for those that are closing stores like Boscovs and inline retailers.
Rick Sokolov: I think we demonstrated over the years that we have been very successful in replacing those type of tenants. And an important thing to point out with the Boscov's stores that are closing, those are currently owned by others. All the Mervyn's stores that are closing are owned by others, so we are working with those owners in order to coordinate activities. We have been actively solicitating interest and we have identified a number of users and it's a combination of working with the people that owned those stores and identifying users to come up with the way to go. There are still boxes that are interested in taking these locations. But frankly as you saw with our Macy stores, a lot of the opportunity comes from just adding additional small shops and in the properties that are better properties that's the significant advantage for us, because we want additional small shops space to take advantage of the demand. In the better properties, demand is unabated. There are still people that are interested in coming into the better properties. And if we're going to obtain these boxes back, it gives an opportunity to do that.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. Thanks.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan of FBR. You may proceed.
Paul Morgan - FBR: Good morning.
David Simon: Hi.
Paul Morgan - FBR: If I just stick on that point for second, does that suggest that this is one area where you still do have an apatite for investment in buying back some of these boxes like you did with Federated May, or is there less of interest than there was than given the market bit now?
David Simon: No. look I think there is. I think the fact is though they are the people that bought those or refinanced those boxes, bottom in a robust market. And they have to understand that values associated with those boxes are different in our view than their view. So the answer is, yeah, we're interested in buying them. It's probably not if the prices they have either on the books or what they would like to get. And we'll see how it shakes out.
Paul Morgan - FBR: Okay. There have been a lot of retailers putting out various releases and comments about aggressively renegotiating their rents and requesting relief and various things like that. Could you just give your comment about when you see those? What's going on right now and for example, are you giving the type of relief of going to percentage a only percentage rent only type structures or what your stance is in those negotiations?
David Simon: Sure, it's safe to say that this is we have dealt with rent relief and rent relief quests basically since I've been here since 1990, right? So that's about 18 plus years. And it really is very retailer specific. And ultimately the judgment call mostly comes in if we think that the tenant is about to file Chapter 11 and whether we can help offset that through some combination of rent relief or negotiated store closings. And we'll look at it. We have a basically an unbelievable staff that can assess viability and what we might get in Chapter 11, re-org versus the prospects of them going forward if we grant them rent relief. Lot of that times, it's an industry issue. So if we are doing it, we'll find out what the other developers are doing and more or less come up with a consistent format. So that really is retailer specific. If it's an existing lease and if it's a healthy retailer, we really won't entertain rent relief. And the only other item is if it's at the expiration of a lease and that's a typical depending on the market value of the space, what the tenant brings and so on. And I will tell you that there is anecdotally some increase in rent relief, but our policy and procedures in how we deal with that hasn't changed in this market and I will say that I've been doing this for awhile not as long as Rick, but I will tell you that our approach to this has not changed and what we've seen really isn't anything that causes us by any stretch of the imagination alarm. I mean, this is consistent with a down economic cycle and one that we know how to navigate through.
Rick Sokolov: I would only add two things. One, we have made it [incumbent] upon our leasing agents to look out a year to identify those tenants that David just mentioned that are coming to an end of the lease term with lower than appropriate productivity and we want to make sure that we have already started leasing their space to another tenant, which will enable us to hopefully maximize our ability to either renew that tenant with better rent or just say, thanks, we appreciate that you have to leave, good bye because we have a replacement tenant at market rate. And the only other thing I would say and this is to David's point that we are not a retailer. We are very focused on the credit of our tenants and we have an entire department here that is constantly assessing that credit and [happily] in this cycle the credit of the tenants that we are doing business with happens to be substantially firmer than it was in previous downturns, say in 80 and in 90. So you have many less people walking in and saying I'm out of business, now let's talk.
David Simon: And the only other thing I would add to that, Paul, is obviously our position in the industry, our quality portfolio, our Premium Outlets portfolio allows us to be best positioned to negotiate with the retailer the best possible outcome for us and for the retailer. So we have tools available to us that are somewhat distinctive.
Paul Morgan - FBR:  Thanks. My last question on the rent spreads, there's a big healthy spread between where your expiring rents show up on your lease schedule versus the rate at which you've signed leases so far this year. Is there any reason that we might be cautious in interpreting that as just a very healthy cushion? Is there some vulnerability? I don't want to just all of a sudden assume that you are going to get the same spreads or even assume that the spreads will be positive, but is there anything that we should think about in terms of the size of that spread now and where you think it will come out next year given what retailers are saying?
Steve Sterrett: Paul, this is Steve. The mix of leases that are expiring does change from year-to-year, so looking at for example the leases that we signed in '08 and trying to compare them to '09 expirations is a bit of (inaudible), but what I would tell you is that you can go back and look at five years of history in our K. and our rollover spreads in the mall business has been pretty consistently between 15% and 25% and I think we would expect that same range of outcomes in 2009. 
Paul Morgan - FBR:  Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Dimler of UBS. You may proceed.
Michael Dimler - UBS: Hi, good morning, this question is for Steve. Just wanted to try to get a more numerical sense of what's going on at the mortgage level with respect to your JVs. Compared to a year ago, maybe two years ago, what kind of a cap rate are the lenders putting on the properties now versus then? And what are you seeing in terms of the bids on the rates?
Steve Sterrett: The market is obviously much different than it was a year ago. The cap rate specifically is going to be very dependent upon the quality of the asset, but I think it's fair to say that cap rates are higher. Loan-to-values are lower and spreads are wider and we've clearly seen all three of those moves in that direction over the course of the last six to 12 months.
David Simon: If you look at our historical [finance] policy, Michael, we have never been looking for that last marginal cost. So even though cap rates have moved up, say 9% to 9%, as we run through our maturity schedule on secured assets, it will be something abnormal for us not to be able to refinance our existing secured debt. We may have a couple of once that even in today's environment that may require some level of capital contribution in terms of dealing with the amount of new mortgage. We have never been the next proceeds guy on secured financing. And remember we also have partners in these and where you see most of the secured financing is with our JV partners. So to the extent that that does happen, our partners are going to have to come over the capital contribution, but I will tell you and underline that we don't anticipate other than a couple of mortgages here and there, assuming the world stabilizes even in the higher cap rates. In addition, the most important fact that I can tell you is that we have $1.7 billion of EBITDA that's unencumbered. So whatever cap rate you want to put on that, I think I made it my statement $500 a foot in sales. That gives you a sense of the fire power that we have to deal in today's volatile financial markets.
Michael Dimler - UBS: I just want to clarify; you said that 9% is not out of the question in terms of cap rate on some of these assets.
David Simon: Yes.
Michael Dimler - UBS: Okay. As a follow up, I'm curious as to there is a lot of noise out there, the life insurance companies might be pulling back on direct real estate investments and lending. I was wondering if you could just sort through like who's really out there in the market right now and who's pulling back?
David Simon: I think it's safe to say and that's why '08 has done for us, a lot of life insurance companies that are on hold for the rest of this year. We've been told by them they are anxious to replenish their investment next year. They are on the side lines. That's fine for us. It doesn't matter because we are done, but there are a number of life insurance companies that aren't making commitments for the rest of the year, no big deal. We anticipate them coming back into the market. It would be awkward for us to go through and list them other than we've been a wonderful borrower from life insurance companies. Sponsorship is more and more important as they go through credit committees. They are going to want to put dollars out. We have tended to perform for them. So we think when things normalize or stabilize in '09 that we will be able to tap into that market. As we did in the third quarter we closed, we closed a life insurance company deal at the end of the third quarter.
Michael Dimler - UBS: Okay, good color. Thanks.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman of Citi. You may proceed. 
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Thank you, [Quinton] is with me as well. David, just going back to your comments on GGP, you are very specific to say that you can't envision a set of circumstances that would result in an acquisition of the entire company. What are those circumstances that led you to say that?
David Simon: Well, Michael, we are important stewards of capital here. We will look at any and all transactions. But we are also realist about capital markets, return expectations and so on. And that's kind of led us to the conclusion that where we are today. Beyond that, I mean it's awkward for me, I would rather not comment more than what I've done. There's been lots of public speculation so we felt it was important to address it. But obviously the size of the transaction is probably the biggest reason. And where capital markets exist today for size, we are realist, so that I think that's important to communicate to the market given the speculation out there.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: And I guess at the same time based on your relationship and your capital position if you are able to de-risk the transaction some how by bringing in partners, by craving up the portfolio and getting it at the right price and working with the lenders is not off the table. I mean this is just saying look and I am not me alone is going to do it in the current state.
David Simon: Beyond what I said I cant elaborate, but I just want to reinforce the fact that in all of our transaction that we've done, weve done appropriate I think and hind side I think the market can attach to that. The last thing we want to do is absolutely make a mistake or an undue risk in today's environment and that's where we stand.
Jeff Quinton - Citi: It's [Jeff Quinton] here. You commented that same-store NOI and FFO growth would both be positive next year. Can you just comment on the drivers behind that assumption?
David Simon: Well, again I mean just so everybody knows we have a consistent cycle on how we budget at the company. We do that basically unfortunately in the month of November, so we are actually weve been had a little bit longer so weve been doing that. Then we announce our growth kind at the end of, I am sorry, at the beginning of '09 somewhere near our earnings, first quarter earnings our year end earnings call. We are going through the same process, but obviously we know what weve developed, we know what we redeveloped. We have preliminary budgets that were going through from all of our various platforms and we can put it in the blender and get a sense of where things are headed. And that's what gives us confidence to state that. The exact ranges and numbers well communicate that to the marketplace, I also want people that get some sense of comfort that even in today's world, we feel like we'll produced positive NOI growth. And we'll do that through leasing, cost containment and than what's coming in the pipeline. So, I think that's the important statement that I wanted to convey the people.
Jeff Quinton - Citi: Okay. And just in license through liberty, you've increased your stake and there is obviously a lot of rumors out there at the movement. Are you able to make a comment on that at all?
David Simon: No. Other than, we continue to own the stock. We believe the stock we own is under the intrusive value of the company even at the world adjust in terms of what the cap rates are. And beyond that, we don't have any additional comment.
Jeff Quinton - Citi: Where is your stake currently?
David Simon: It is what --
Rick Sokolov: Same as we disclose at the end of the quarter, Michael.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Think you haven't bought any more in the market?
Rick Sokolov: In the UK, you have to disclose additional increments of over 1%, so it's safe to say that we have not increased the stake beyond the 5% or else we had to disclose.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: And then I guess when you're talking in terms of same-store growth for next year, I guess it wrapped up in that is not a huge fall off in unexpected closures on the retail front, occupancy declines that you just are really out of your control.
David Simon: Well, look, we are certainly budgeting what we know in these numbers. And we are certainly being conservative, but as much as we would like to say I mean there are things out of our control, that's correct. Biggest of which is that, but the biggest one also is to some extent percent sales and it doesn't, it's not a huge number, but I mean it's obviously hard for to us predict where sales for a particular retailers are going to be in '09. So, sure, there is some volatility. That's why we give a range and that's why we will treat that the same way we've treated our earnings guidance in addition. The good news is I think I've had Shelly look at this thing. I think, we've gotten really good at this. I think if Shelly knows these numbers, I mean I've looked at the last 20 quarters, I think we've beat 17 or whatever it is that once, twice. It's really good performance. We would hope to be able to continue to do that next year.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Just one last one. On the international Premium Outlets developments, it looks like two projects have dropped off the list, one in Italy and one in China. Can you just comment on what has happened?
David Simon: Yeah. I'll take EMEA cull for the team even though it wasn't my typo. We accidentally dropped off the deal in Sicily. It's not a Premium Outlets it's actually hypermarket anchored mall in Catania. That is still all systems go, it's under construction. We just had a typo. Don't lose confidence in the other data. It happened and Steve Sterrett, turning into our China expert with a little guidance for me, we have put that in kind of a holding pattern, waiting for just a little bit more data from some of our existing four centers there. We may be pushing that back or we may be putting that on permanent hold. So at this point, we anticipate putting that on hold for the time being.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Okay. That's great. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector of UBS. You may proceed.
Jeff Spector - UBS: Good morning.
David Simon: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Spector - UBS: Is there any way you could quantify some of the things that could impact same-store NOI in '09? And you talked about the pressure retailers are putting on renegotiating deals, some of the other things that we could see?
David Simon: Well, I think it's the same metrics that affect us every year. I don't think it's any different '09 versus what's transpired historically. It's lease up, it's occupancy, it's sales growth, it's rent spreads and then it's what we can do on the cost side. So I mean all of the same fundamentals apply even in the more difficult retail environment that exists. As I said, we still feel pretty good at the moment where we stand today that we are going to generate positive NOI growth out of both the material parts of our business being the mall business and the outlet business.
Jeff Spector - UBS: And you talk about leasing progress for '09? I'm not sure if you said it what percent you've completed so far?
David Simon: We are ahead of '09, as we sit here today we are probably about 70% through our '09 renewals, which is an advance of where we were at this time last year for going into '08 as we sat here on our third quarter call in '07.
Jeff Spector - UBS: Can you talk about the releasing spreads you've gotten so far on that 70%?
David Simon: Well, as we said earlier, the spreads as demonstrated in this quarter are holding up. We just have to get the leases. We've already fully executed a substantial number this year and we hope to have more and the spreads are holding up.
Jeff Spector - UBS: Okay. And did you provide an update on King of Prussia?
David Simon: No.
Steve Sterrett: No.
Jeff Spector - UBS: No update?
David Simon: We haven't updated it as far as I know.
Jeff Spector - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Thanks
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Yang of Green Street Advisors. You may proceed.
Ben Yang - Green Street Advisors: Hi, good morning. David in the past, you've talked about your expectation that the company might take advantage of certain distressed real estate opportunities and not necessarily pertaining to GGP, given what's happening in the retail and credit markets yet, it sounds like you are clearly concerned about the availability of credit as well as your own capital needs, probably a few years from now. So in light of that, how do you balance the desire to pursue attractive real estate opportunities versus maintaining a healthy balance sheet?
David Simon: Well, I mean that's what a CEO does. So, let me just say this, I'm not worried. I just want to underline what you said, which is, I have no worries at all about our ability to deal with what we have to deal with here. So, there was a phrase in your question that suggested that we might have a worry about what our capital needs are here and how we are going to deal with it. I want to underline this strongly, I have no worries about our ability to deal and meet with our capital needs here. I love opportunities. I think we've been opportunistic historically. I think in this environment, we will be able to do that, Ben. On the other hand, we've got to be thoughtful on how we do that and the world is a little bit unstable and I think we are just being extremely cautious, which is what I think appropriate to do given the environment. Now, my instinct is to be aggressive and opportunistic and I think we will continue to find those opportunities, but we've got to balance that with caution in this market. We are not nervous. We are all steam-ahead. We are doing pretty much what we want to do, but we are just adding a little more caution to our approach.
Ben Yang - Green Street Advisors: Is it premature to start thinking about your maturities in say 2010 and 2011?
David Simon: No, not at all, and obviously 2010 we have our secured debt, we have got a fantastic group of assets coming due including Forum Shops, Copley, Westchester. If you look at all of those in the amount of outstanding all those I think you'll see that those are under levered and again I just reinforce, it's never too early to plan for the future. That's what we're all about. We don't see any issue there.
Ben Yang - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller of JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Hi, David, earlier when you were talking about lenders and underwriting, you said some of the weaker assets, you think the lenders would use maybe a [nine cap]. When you look at the opposite end of the spectrum for your strongest assets, where do you think, lenders are underwriting those today and do you think they are appropriate?
David Simon: I think everybody is being cautious right now. So, they are clearly under that. The debt service coverage is higher than it was. I thought I stressed, but let me stress again, our model has never been the max leverage on individual assets. So even with today's more stringent underwriting requirements, the vast majority of the mortgages that we will refinance in the upcoming years, we don't see any issue with refinancing the existing indebtedness. In addition, you look at our corporate cash, you look at our corporate facilities and then you couple that with $1.7 billion of unencumbered EBITDA, which is unprecedented in the real estate industry. So, these are things that we are obviously focused on, but the strict underwriting requirements will not have an impact on us other than on the margin.
Steve Sterrett: Mike, this is Steve, just to add one comment; our financing model isn't dependent upon the ability for us to rollover mortgage debt and generate excess proceeds? In an environment where we can do that and it makes sense cost wise, we will do that, but our business model doesn't depend on that. So as David said if we are in a scenario for '09, 2010, what have you, all we are doing is basically rolling over existing debt, That's fine because we've got other avenues of capital like the bond market, like free cash flow, like our unencumbered EBITDA to draw.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Understood, but when you're looking at where others are pegging the value of the stronger assets on the lending community, are they using somewhere in the neighborhood of a seven? Are they in the sevens? Is it higher than that or lower than that?
David Simon: Again, it depends on the asset. It would be in that range.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning, guys. Rick, do you have the list or thoughts on retailers that are opening stores in 2008, 2009? I guess 2009, really, or has that sort of shrunk to irrelevant at this point?
Rick Sokolov: In the specialty area, we are continuing to do business with the retailers that we have done business with historically. We've got significant openings schedule in '09, Coach, Arrows PLS+T, Forever 21, Limited Brands, Express, [Suffora], Buckle, [Twin], Wet Seal, and all of those are things that have been reconfirmed in the last few weeks. So I think David made the point that our retailers becoming more cautious. Certainly. Are they evaluating how much incremental open-to-buy they are going to have in '09? Yes. Is it going to be like May of '07 when retailers would come in and say, I want to open 20 new stores that have in my budget? Probably not, but where they've had budgets they are maintaining the budgets and they are continuing to open stores.
David Simon: I'd just underline another important point to that, Rich, is two things, one is there is no new development. so the open-to-buys that exist will reside in existing centers, which is a really important point for us in that what's happened with the economy and capital, basically eliminates new development and I mentioned this last quarter, quarter before, it could be as long as a decade of new development in a material sense. There will always be a few deals here or there. Additionally the retailers are as focused on sponsorship and who they do business with as lenders as shareholders and as other constituencies and again that reinforces where we are in the industry.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. All right. Good, thank you, David. And then on the debt side, Steve, you guys were talking about where you stand with insurance companies. What's your feel for what the bank guys are saying? I realize you don't necessarily have to give mortgages, but when you talk to these guys, I'm sure you do the loan officers in particular, do you sense any improvement in their tone or are they just sort of dead in the water at this point?
Steve Sterrett: I think it's a little earlier to sense an improvement, Rich. Don't forget that the financial institutions have gone through a dramatic re-pricing of their own cost of capital. And I think they are still [ferreting] out what their business model looks likes. They are in the business of lending money, but I think it's a bit early yet to say that they are back active in the market. We expect that to happen. It may not be until the back half of 2009, but there is very little activity in that market right now.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Great.
David Simon: I hate to say it, Rich. But again sponsorship and quality of assets and the team is an extremely important criteria that they will do, and I mean I think they want to go with the proven player.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you. And then the last thing, guys, is same sort of thing on the private equity side. Is there anybody out there who has any interest in working with you to find again GGP-type things aside, just distressed opportunities, or is that sort of capital interested at this point, or are they sitting on the side lines?
David Simon: I would tell you that there is capital for those kind of investments. And again I hate to, I mean I think that they would love to align themselves with someone like us. The good news is we've again been able to kind of avoid a mine field in a sense. I mean we looked at the fund business. We chose not to do it after thoughtful consideration. I think given where that business is in hindsight it was the right decision to make. But on the other hand we've been very successful in our mills deal and align ourselves with opportunistic capital. Rich, there's no doubt in my mind that that kind of capital is available for us depending upon the situation.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly of Wachovia. You may proceed.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: Good morning, guys. This might be for Steve. But I think, David, you mentioned in your comments about 2009 about cost containment as one opportunity. Are those costs that can be trimmed a way today or are you speaking more about at the margin in terms of trimming expenses?
David Simon: Well, look we've provided ourselves on always being reasonably run, so it's a little bit of both. It's all on the margin given the size of our company, but look, we are out to be as profitable as we can. So there are things that we can do and different environments. The good news at the property level, again, is if we are able to generate the savings at the property level that that adds to our bottom line given the fixed cam scenario. Obviously inflation is out of the system, which is really good. That's going to help on utilities. I think that's going to help on real estate taxes in terms of assessments. You can go down the road. We were looking a few months ago at a tougher economic environment, higher utility costs and the like and now we've got a tough economic environment, but we are seeing savings on the cost side. So we are going to pull as many levers as we can to be as profitable as we can. But yet we are not, this is a company that's been reasonably run. We can always be better. So I don't think it's going to be a dramatic savings in totality.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: And just a question concerning occupancy given what you're hearing from retailers, can you give us an update on when you think industry occupancy might hit a bottom in the future, what that bottom looks like versus say today or occupancy this year? And maybe and beyond that, when you think that turns a corner? I could ask you questions all day long, I guess I'm trying to figure out variability between market size and mall productivity at this point.
David Simon: That's really hard one. I do think it will bottom some time in '09. But that's a crystal ball thing and the important point here is even with the retailer restructurings that exist, the slower sales, somewhat reduced open-to-buys. We still think we are going to generate positive NOI growth and that's the important metric to look at.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: Just a last question or two for Rick if I could. How is demand looking for your 2008 seasonal business around in-line and kiosk temporary tenants, and I know it's early, but do your gift cards sales pace at this point provide any indication for holiday sales?
Rick Sokolov: Well, let me address the former first. We are on track for our inline business and we really don't have any indications that that is going to setback. And in terms of the gift cards, the vast significant percentage of that business is done in the fourth quarter and so it's really not a leading indicator as we sit here today. And but on the seasonal business, we still have the demand and there is still the entrepreneurs that want to take advantage of that and we've bench more focused now interestingly I think another enhancement is we are now really looking at those tenants as a source of incremental permanent tenants and we've been able to convert a number of the tenants that started in our portfolio as temporary tenants in carts into very successful, full inline tenants with good unique local businesses, so that's an important source of leads for us as well as just revenue.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: Last question concerns the Nordstrom in Boston. I know you don't have a time for a case study here, but it opened in Burlington in recent past and I think liberty tree opens this week. What's the new and renewal leasing discussions has been like around these deals and how is that shaping up for south shore?
Rick Sokolov: Well, I'd just say if you go, liberty tree as a Nordstrom rack so that's a different animal, it's not a full (inaudible). I will tell you if you look at Burlington and the lease up, Nordstrom is a wonderful retailer and they add a lot to the mall environment. And they bring, they allow us in a lot of cases to execute an upgraded dependent mix, which is what we did at Burlington in their wing. And even though the timing is not great it's a great long-term situation for us.
Rick Sokolov: David alluded to this earlier but an interesting study is Ross Park where we added Nordstrom in Lou of a Macy's and with the announcement of Nordstrom we got a LL Bean and a Tiffany Louis Vuitton and Michael Kors and a Juicy Couture, so we have substantially transformed Ross Park Mall into the unambiguous place to shop in a trade area over 1.5 million people and that's what we do here.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: Great. Thanks, guys.
David Simon: And your next question comes from the line of James Ellman of Seacliff. You may proceed.
James Ellman - Seacliff: Yes, thank you. Could you give us a little bit of outlook on how your business would have the ability to show flexibility or what happens to your business? If some of the prognostications of same-store sales for this holiday season being down 10% to 15% due to loss of consumer credit as well as slowing economy?
David Simon: Again, not a lot of our earnings is tied directly to sales. Most vast majority in the mall portfolio is tied to fixed rent. And then the overage, the part that's tied to sales, it's a combination of sales throughout the whole year. And what we've noticed is that, if some people go out of overage rent, others go in, it is a pretty static environment. The outlet business we have more of the anchors are tied is a direct percent of sales, but, we think the outlet business is somewhat countercyclical in that consumer and certainly with gas, there was a lot of questions on gas prices and how that may affect the outlet. We actually think the consumer may look for more value, and so maybe, there is better sales despite the environment. We don't know. We'll find out. So the long story short is, it's a couple of cents here and there, out of 640 to 645, so in my view it's somewhat immaterial. I let you judge whether that's material or not, but it's not going to make a break us one way or another.
James Ellman - Seacliff: I understand the percentage rent is a relatively small size in your revenue statement, but if we had a 10% to 15%, a significant drop in holiday sales, I imagine that would put many of your tenants to the wall. How do you deal with that? How do you react to that?
Steve Sterrett:  Well, again, I think as Rick said if you look at the vast majority of tenants that we are doing business with, they are well capitalized. And so it would depend on the tenant and so on in terms of reaction to it.
David Simon: I would also make the point that the tenants have not been operating their business in a vacuum and they've been substantially reducing their inventory, reducing their in-store employees because they're running their businesses for bottom-line EBITDA as well. So while they care, that's another thing going on.
James Ellman - Seacliff: So, last question would be if they have been cutting back significantly, is there a chance that you're going to have significant empty shells this holiday season?
David Simon: No, no.
James Ellman - Seacliff: Very good. Thanks for the time.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fred Taylor of MJX Asset Management. You may proceed.
Fred Taylor - MJX Asset Management: At this point the question I had, the rollover of secured debt was probably beaten to death, but let me ask this slightly different angle. Would you refinance maturing unsecured debt with secured debt thus changing the mix?
David Simon: Not at this point.
Fred Taylor - MJX Asset Management: Okay, thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman of Citi. You may proceed.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: I just had a follow up on Las Vegas and what you're seeing in Forum Shops and trends and sort of how you're looking at the market overall?
David Simon:  Well, look Forum Shops continues to be the leader in Vegas. Clearly, I think we said this in our first quarter call, I believe that we had seen softness in Las Vegas. It continues to be that way. There is no drop in sales that we saw after the year continues to be that kind of drop, in other words, the drop percentage not increasing, it's kind of at that same level that we saw the 5% to 10% drop, but even with that said, its still the number one in Vegas, but Las Vegas obviously has had its issues.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: I guess in this sort of environment, would you be less willing to put more capital to work in Vegas?
David Simon: Do you have something specific in mind, Michael?
Michael Bilerman - Citi: I'm not a broker. So I'm not hocking anything.
David Simon: I think we can underwrite Las Vegas reasonably well given our knowledge of it. And beyond that obviously we are pleased with the Forum Shops, but I think we have to take into account the fact that Las Vegas economy is not doing so well right now.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: Thank you.
Operator: I am showing that you have no further questions at this time. Gentlemen, I would like to turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you for participating. I'm sure, we will see a number of you at NAREIT, so take care.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelly Doran  Vice President of Investor Relations  David Simon  Chairman and CEO Richard Sokolov  President and COO Stephen Sterrett  CFO
Analysts: Michael Gorman  Credit Suisse Christine McElroy  Banc of America Securities Michael Bilerman  Citigroup  Paul Morgan  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company Tom Baldwin for Jon Habermann  Goldman Sachs Louis Taylor  Deutsche Bank Securities  David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Ben Yang  Green Street Advisors  Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets  
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2008 Simon Property Group earnings conference call. My name is Towanda, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may proceed, maam.
Shelly Doran:  Welcome to the Simon Property Groups second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Please be aware that statements made during this call that are not historical may be deemed forward-looking statements. Actual results may different materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a detail discussion of these risks and uncertainties. Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe it is important to note that todays call includes time sensitive information that may be accurate only as of todays date, July 28, 2008.  The Companys quarterly supplemental information package was filed earlier this morning as a Form 8-K. This filing is available via mail or email and it is posted on our website in the Investor Relation sector under Financial Information, Quarterly Supplemental Packages. Participating in todays call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Office; and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Simon. 
David Simon: Good morning and thanks for joining the call. Im just going to take a few minutes to discuss the highlights and then open it up for your questions. Second quarter FFO was $1.49 per share, up 13.7% over the prior year. Please note that this growth was achieved in spite of the $20.3 million extinguishment charge incurred in connection with the redemption of $200 million of [mopper] notes.  These notes, which matured on June 15th, contain a re-pricing mechanism that allowed the underwriter to remarket the issuance as a new 20-year SPG security. An exchange for this remarketing right, we received an $8 million payment from the underwriter when the moppers were issued in 1998. This remarketing feature would haves resulted in the issuance of above market rate debt due to Treasury rates being lower than when the debt was originally issued and marketing conditions on the exchange date; therefore, we elected to simply retire the notes and pay the premium.  As a result of the redemption, we expect to save approximately $5 million annually in interest expense over the 20-year term that these notes wouldve been in place had they been remarketed and reissued as compared to current rates available to us from other financing activities. Excluding the impact of this one-time charge, diluted FFO per share increased 19.1% for the quarter to $1.56.  We continue to benefit from the impact of solid operating results from all of our five property platforms. As well as decreasing LIBOR rates, results were also positively impacted by cost control, including our energy efficiency efforts. Occupancy in the mall portfolio was down 20 basis points as compared with the year earlier period. Square footage lost to bankruptcy for the first six months of 2008 totaled 151,000 square feet as compared to 30,000 square feet during the first six months of 2007. As we discussed in the first quarter, the decline in the premium outlet occupancy is primarily due to lease terminations or bankruptcies of four tenants comprising about a dozen spaces and the late March 2008 openings of Houston premium outlets and Phase 2 of Rio Grande premium outlets, we expect occupancy within the premium outlet portfolio to return to previous levels.  Sales in the mall portfolio that is comparable sales were $494 per square foot, up 1% as compared to the year earlier period. Sales continue to moderate due to the general weakening of the U.S. economy as well as our portfolios exposure to Florida and California. Premium outlet sales growth remains strong, increasing 5.5% to $519 per square foot driven by our centers with substantial international tourist exposure.  Comparable NOI for the mall portfolio was 5.4% for the quarter. Comparable NOI for the premium outlet portfolio was 7.3%. Year-to-date comp NOI is up 3.7% for our malls and 5.7% for the outlets. The releasing spread for our mall portfolio was $8.32 for the first six months, representing a 23.1% increase. The releasing spread for our premium outlet portfolio was $13.33, representing a strong 50% increase.  Pricing power remains strong in the outlet business due to low occupancy costs continued sales growth and ongoing demand for space from tenants. In addition, the premium outlet bankruptcy space that we mentioned earlier had a positive impact on the releasing at double the previous rents. [Inaudible] control and continued conversion tenants the fixed CAM resulted in continued higher recovery of common area maintenance expenses. Today, were about 70% converted to fixed CAM. Interest income included in the other income line of our income statement was $11.5 million lower in the second quarter 2008 as compared with the prior period, prior year, primarily related to our loans to mills. The loans are now nearly $1 billion lower in 2008 than they were in the first six months of 2007.  The Mills portfolio is performing at expectations if not above and its contribution to our FFO is equivalent in the second quarter of 08 to the prior year as improved property performance and profit for managing the portfolio offset lower interest and fee income from a year ago. Our development, redevelopment pipeline remains intact and will be a contributor to a future growth. We continue our focus on redevelopment and the expansion of franchise assets in the U.S. and new premium outlet development in the U.S. and Asia.  Our recent U.S. openings include Pier Park and Hamilton Town Center and performing very well. Our Chelsea projects currently under construction include Jersey Shore opening later this year and Cincinnati premium outlets opening in the summer of 09. We remain very disappointed in the allocation of capital to only those projects that meet our return expectations.  On May 12th, we raised $700 million of five-year 5.3% notes and $800 million of ten-year 6 and an eighth notes that will re-offer spread of treasuries plus 235 basis points. This pricing applies zero new issue premium on the new offer. We received over $5 billion of order for our bonds and our issue is well planned as market conditions have deteriorated since then. We remain exceptionally well positioned following the bond offering. Our share of maturities in 2008 of less than $500 million evenly split between secured and unsecured debt. We also have approximately $2.8 billion of current capacity on our line as well $500 million of cash on the balance sheet.  Based upon our strong second quarter results, projected activity for the rest of the year and our view of market conditions, today we gave 2008 FFO guidance of $6.38 to $6.45 per share, increasing lower end of our previously provided range by $0.03. Please note that this guidance includes the impact of the second quarter extinguishment charge of $0.07 per share. This is particularly meaningful as when guidance was last given in early May. We're working toward exchanging the moppers into new notes, which would have resulted in no charge being recognized.  Finally, let me just say before I open it up to questions, these are clearer challenging times, but were positioned, well positioned to succeed. In this environment, our high quality and diverse portfolio, real estate, strong balance sheet and robust infrastructure provide the necessary framework. On a final note, Id also like to thank all of you for your support and confidence. We were pleased to be recognized by Greenwich Associates in June as having one of the best IR programs in corporate America. Operator, were now available for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Mr. Michael Gorman with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Gorman  Credit Suisse:  This question is for Steve I think. Could you just spend a little time going over the provisions for credit losses in the quarter? Obviously it was up a lot year-over-year and sort of in line with what we saw in the first quarter. Could you just talk about, a little bit about what went on there? 
Stephen Sterrett: Yeah, Michael, you got a couple of things. We take a relatively conservative pack in that when a tenant files for bankruptcy, we reserve 100% of the receivables. So with the tenants that are currently in bankruptcy, including the recent filings like Steve & Barrys, we are fully reserved for all of the receivables that were outstanding in June 30. I think when you couple that with just the fact that its a tougher environment out there and weve got receivables that are a little bit higher level and they were a year ago, we think were pretty conservative in how we provide for that added expense. I wouldnt necessarily expect to see that run rate in the first half translate into full year provisions, but you couple those two or three factors and we kind of are where we are. 
Michael Gorman  Credit Suisse:   So the run rate should drop off a little bit from here?
Stephen Sterrett:  I would think it would a little bit because I think with some of the tenants who are there, we wont necessarily see a closing of all the stores and so I would say it firms some of the leases in those receivables will come back to us. 
Michael Gorman  Credit Suisse:   Rick, just quickly, could you talk about what happened with the leasing spreads on the community center portfolio? I notice it went negative this quarter.
Richard Sokolov:  They are relatively small inventory, so theyre much more influenced by if there are a couple of box fields that are in there, but theres nothing. The amount of activity in that portfolio is very small so it can have a higher degree of deviation from quarter-to-quarter. 
Michael Gorman  Credit Suisse: I guess just what type of space was it that had negative mark-to-market?
Richard Sokolov:  It was that basically we had a couple or boxes and we had two CompUSA stores that closed and a Nordstrom Rack at Shops Northeast that closed, and the Rack was replaced by Barnes and Noble, and were working on the CompUSA. 
Stephen Sterrett:  I wouldnt classify it as mark-to-market. What happens is you just take the opening versus the closing and its really, it has nothing to do with marking to market. So its not a We dont match the numbers. Its the average in and the average out, so its not a mark-to-market issue.
Michael Gorman  Credit Suisse: Great, and just final question: Sorry if I missed this, but was the loss from the unconsolidated entities in the quarter?
Stephen Sterrett:  Thats Mills extra depreciation expense, thats all.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line Christine McElroy with Banc of America.
Christine McElroy  Banc of America Securities:  Dave, when you talked about how specifically outlets have benefited from an increasing customer traffic as the dollar as weakened and international tourism has spiked. How much would you say that trend contributed to your sales growth in that portfolio and kind of anecdotally can you give us a sense for how much you think traffic could be at risk as weve heard that airlines have started cutting international flights?
David Simon:  So far we havent seen an impact on that. It certainly could be at risk. But I will say, it certainly adding I would say around 300 basis points, so 5%. But generally out of the 5%, so maybe 3% of it. But generally the outlet business even across the portfolio were up, so it is having some added benefit but its not the entire benefit.
Christine McElroy  Banc of America Securities: Then regarding In City Plaza, what percentage occupied will the asset be when Wal-Mart opens in August and kind of what youre expecting in terms of stabilized yields on the project? Can you give us a sense for, have you learned anything from the development and lease effort of this first center in China that you would differently with the other four projects and process there? 
David Simon:  Well let me just say, I think its essentially fully let, so it maybe 98%/99%. I will tell you that the demand from the small shops is increasing. Theres more tenants. But I will add that it is much more difficult to do business there. Rules on land values, on process, on debt continue to change, so were taking a very deliberate and cautious approach. Our think are going in yield is around nine. We expect it to at least achieve 10% by year three. I will My general anecdote is that it is very difficult to do these deals, though we seem to be meeting with certain success. The proof will be when sales start to come in and tenants perform. So were happy were doing it, but were also happy theres only five of them at this point.
Christine McElroy  Banc of America Securities: Got it. Then finally, Steve, given that your prior guidance range did not include an assumption for the extinguishment charge, can you kind of just walk us through what changed over the last three months to cause you to effectively weigh your guidance for the year?
Stephen Sterrett:  Well, Christine, I mean you have two or three things going on. 1) We certainly have visibility not only into the rest of our early leasing activity, but were well into leasing 09. 2) You have LIBOR where it is, but also the forward curve for LIBOR being where it is. Then 3) I think the fact that we did go to the market and were very successful in doing $1.5 billion bond yield that put us in a very good position related to our balance sheet for the rest of 08 and into 09. I think those are the three primary drivers.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citigroup.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup :  Maybe we could touch a little bit on the 2009 leasing, which I think Stevie just mentioned youre well into it, and sort of talking about what tenants are and how those negotiations are going. You read an article in the Journal that [inaudible] Lemon is saying, Were getting fewer built increases. Were having the ability to terminate our leases early. We have higher percentage rent thresholds. Im just wondering if thats just a special case or is that more the norm into your negotiations?
Stephen Sterrett:  It isnt with us, okay. I guess my one point is dont always believe what you read. I mean look, tenants are, I mean the negotiations always been a process, but I think dont think were doing, Michael, anything out of the ordinary or anything different given the more challenging economic times. So the demand is still there. Obviously were going to have more spaces back because certain tenants for all sorts of reasons have run into financials, some because they were buyout oriented, some because the category is not good, some because theyre not great operators and all of this comes to the forefront in a tough economic environment. But I will tell you unquestionably that were really changing what we think is market rent and what the terms are given the environment at all. Now Im sure there are others that are doing it, certainly the smaller guys that have lease up that theyve got to achieve. But were not quite in that position.  Rick, you can add anything to that I guess. 
Richard Sokolov:  The only thing that I would say to you is that if anything we are more even focused on our lease terms and we are spending a great deal of time insuring that the lease rental flow were negotiating for were going to get and eliminating kick outs, eliminating co-tenancy and weve been successful in doing that. We are as we sit here today ahead of our 09 leasing in 08 than the pace we set when we were working last year. Weve had continuing emphasis on dealing with our tenants on a portfolio basis. When they come in, were talking about 09 renewals as were finalizing our 08 transactions, and that is going to continue as we get further out ahead of our leasing.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup : Youre saying youre ahead of
Richard Sokolov:  We are ahead as we sit here today, we have more of our own line leasing done in 08 than we had our 08 leasing done in 07. 
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup : So youre more than 50% through?
Richard Sokolov:  We have between the things in process we are.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup : How are the, I know the rental spreads in the mall portfolio this quarter came back, at least for a year to date, towards your historical levels because there was some stuff I think in the first quarter that made it wide. Where are your sort of rent spreads as youre sort of rolling those leases next year coming out?
Stephen Sterrett:  I think its entirely consistent. We have not seen a change in that trend at all.
Unidentified Female Analyst:  Can you comment on your appetite for acquisitions? Internationally there has been speculation that you are looking into Europe and U.K.; and then given that your cost of capital has increased, how has that changed your appetite for acquisition? 
David Simon:  Were always thinking about how to appropriately grow the Company and one of the ways in doing that, I think one of the ways weve been successful is through our acquisition activity. Sure, our cost of capitals increased. On the other hand, I think values have adjusted worldwide. The two of them potentially have in the sense gone hand in hand so theres still that relationship. We look, weve got the capacity to do transactions, but theres nothing eminent youre going to hear or read about. But were always thinking about how to affectively grow our Company, and well continue to do that. I think this environment, frankly, gives us a little bit more opportunities than an environment say a year ago. So in that sense, theres more to think about. But like I said, the math is got to work over our analytic period before we do anything. 
Unidentified Female Analyst: Would you say that youre more focused on acquisitions in this kind of market relative to developments which you have been more focused on recently internationally?
David Simon:  I would say development, were very fortunate in that weve got a platform in Chelsea where development yields continue to produce results we want to do. As we look at the two platforms that we want to continue to develop new would be Chelsea, if we can fund the opportunities, and I think we still are very strong believers in redevelopment. I think whats clearly changed in our thinking is that the new ground up development outside of Chelsea is at this point tougher to justify, and its longer. The returns are going to be longer than we want to wait given the risk. So as we look out, I think that gives us a lot of financial wherewithal to look at other opportunities. Now the product side, theres a lot of new development that is out available thats for sale, kind of opened last year or opened the year before. The price expectations we think are still higher than what they should be and addition theyre not very good. I mean thats the bottom line. Theyre not overly compelling properties, so were not very excited about the individual acquisition market primarily because the quality is not there and theres too much on the given on the reset and given the pricing, so in the sense well be patient. I dont know if I answered your question but
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan with FBR.
Paul Morgan  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company:  David, you said that values have adjusted worldwide. I mean if you could kind of pin that down, how much do you think mall cap rates in the U.S., even though we dont see in trade, how much do you think that they have moved if they were to trade? 
David Simon:  Well, when I was talking worldwide, I was really looking more at the I was really talking about the public market and I was really talking about worldwide public company equity values as opposed to cap rates on particular properties. I mean all you have to do is look at what happened with the U.K. and European property companies and a number of Asian companies in terms of adjustment. So thats really what the comment was intended to reference.
Paul Morgan  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company: Do you think that then maybe the implied cap rates for these companies is unfair given what you think is happening or going to happen in the private market?
David Simon:  Well, its hard to pin that down, Paul, only because theres just been no trades. I do think if you had an A+ quality asset, I dont think the cap rate has moved all that much, probably certainly 50 basis points, just to give you a number. But it would really, so much depends on whos selling it, what the basis of selling it is. Is it 100%? Do you have a partner? Do you get the management? Theres not been that kind of A+ unambiguous asset thats free of all of these other items to be able to pinpoint on. But its safe to say, Look, I think we returned expectations are certainly up, so it would be nave to suggest that even on unambiguous quality stuff that it hasnt moved up at least 50 basis points.
Paul Morgan  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company:  Rick, maybe regarding store closings: Do you think this year will be atypical in the sense that a lot of retailers from now through the holidays will try to hold out and then you would see more fall out in the first quarter, or do you think we might see more than average in the third and fourth quarters?
Richard Sokolov:  Well interestingly, I think its been atypical and typically youll see your closings in the beginning of, in January after the December receipts and weve seen the closings now come more in the second quarter. We still have a number of tenants that were monitoring and it remains to be seen. Certainly theyre going to remain in business as long as they can remain in business and the key issue is whether they can get the support from the vendors and the factors to fund their business.  I would point out, and I think its very important to point out that the vast majority of our tenants are in very good financial shape. When you go through our top ten tenants, virtually none of them have debt at all. So, as David pointed out earlier, the ones that youre seeing have issues are either where they were private; private equity came in in very highly leveraged capital models that couldnt survive in this environment, or you have chains that are very well capitalized that are just going into different strategic direction and in those instances were getting substantial lease buyouts that are making it a profitable enterprise for us going forward.
David Simon:  Id just, Paul, though, it is, were going to have more store closings in 08 and in 09 than we did in 06 and 07. I mean theres no ambiguity about that. Now again, we still think the way we operate and the way well still be bale to grow our cash flow, but were going to deal with more store closings in 08 and 09 than what we have at least in the last couple years.  Now the one thing I will say at this point, the cycle that were in doesnt feel like or seem like anything different from a retail perspective that we havent already dealt with previously unfortunately numerous times. So at this point, it feels like/seems like kind of something weve done. Id say a dj vu all over again, but weve seen it. 
Paul Morgan  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company :  My last question on the outlet spread for rents, is that being driven by like the expansion in Orlando of the new centers, or is this more How much of it is sort of same space versus
David Simon:  That didnt come online yet, so that would be impacted by that. But a big chunk of it is because we got some of the [Macasa] space back that was released. But again, I mean I think, as evidenced, theres a lot of inherent value in those leases as they come up. Some of it was a little bit extraordinary because of the Macasa space that we got back. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of John Habermann with Goldman Sachs. 
Tom Baldwin for Jon Habermann  Goldman Sachs:  Actually its Tom Baldwin. Im here with Jay and Johan as well. Just trying to get a sense for the magnitude of the impact of California and Florida and your same-store sales number. Could you provide what growth in comp sales per square foot would be X those two states?
Stephen Sterrett:  Florida is probably 100, could be as much as 150 bps, California a little less so, maybe 50 bps. So between the two, youre probably in the 150 to 200 bp range. 
David Simon:  Thats judgmental as opposed to scientific. I mean we could obviously have that number, but we dont have it right in front of us.
Tom Baldwin for Jon Habermann  Goldman Sachs: My second question, could you provide an update on lease up at the Mills regional malls? Im wondering if youve revised your expectations with regard to how long itll take close the occupancy gap between the Mills and your core mall portfolio given how much the environment has deteriorated?
David Simon:  Well the actual Mills side is actually doing well. Now the malls did have, does have a significant exposure to Steve & Barrys so. But actually the mall Im sorry, the inside of the Mills, were making pretty good progress. I would tell you generally all of the assets are trending up except one or two from both sales and new occupancy and things going on there. So theres clearly a benefit were seeing as the consumer moves a little more toward value in todays environment. Now, the set back being Steve & Barrys is something were going to have to approach. But I would say generally speaking, were in pretty good shape there.  On the mall side is taking a little bit more time. Were being brought down by a couple that were repositioning and theyre big centers, so like a Southdale is bringing down the average pretty significantly as we try and reposition net assets in a meaningful and significant way.
Tom Baldwin for Jon Habermann  Goldman Sachs: Whats your best guess in terms of how long it might take to break the 90% level in the Mills Regional Malls portfolio?
David Simon:  We dont have that right in front of us, but were working on it every day.
Tom Baldwin for Jon Habermann  Goldman Sachs: Then my final question relates to Hamilton Town Center. I noticed that the leasing level at delivery on that center was a little bit lighter than youd expect, that 79%. Can you just elaborate a little bit on what transpired there?
David Simon:  Basically its going according to plan. Some of the development you do where you have, if you do do it, is going to be a little bit early. In this case, we always knew going in that it was a little bit early. So were not completely dissatisfied and were not completely off the mark on the 80% and I think that over the next year or so, well get it well into the average, the 90+ percentile. Its a little early. Its doing very well. Its not a big transaction for us, so its getting the returns we thought it would get. 
Richard Sokolov:  Its a great market. I mean its hard to believe that the county that its in which is the northern suburbs of Indianapolis is actually one of the 20 fastest growing counties in the United States.
David Simon:  Its only because Garret shops here.
Richard Sokolov:  There you go. This where the retail hub, the next retail hub will be in that market, so its a very good piece of real estate.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Louis Taylor with Deutsche Bank.
Louis Taylor  Deutsche Bank Securities:   David, just going back to outlet center dynamics in sale trends there a little bit, could you maybe add a little bit of color with regards to how much, you mentioned the boost from the international activity, but are you seeing much of an impact from just consumers just going to lower price points and then what kind of impact is that maybe being offset by just the higher gasoline prices?
David Simon:  Well, so far I will tell you, Louis, that this theory that people arent going to go to an outlet center because it costs too much to drive there, I dont where the science behind that is, but we are certainly not seeing that in any respect. As I said, 39 premium outlets centers, we had one that was down, one or two that were down primarily because theyre at the low end of the one or two and one was actually outside Indianapolis. We had a flood during June, which thankfully the center wasnt hurt, but it did affect the ability to get there.  So I havent seen that, Lou. We havent seen that. If anything, I think people are seeing the benefit. Were seeing that a little bit in Mills where people are seeing the benefit of value oriented shopping and theyre offsetting that against whatever incremental cost it is go out there. I dont have We could probably do a lot of analysis to get the specific numbers, but I dont have that in front of me.
Louis Taylor  Deutsche Bank Securities: Steve, question for you just on the JV debt maturities: Can you give just a little bit of update on that and just maybe some color on the status of the mortgage market right now?
Stephen Sterrett:  Well, the status of the mortgage market is still mostly loaned to values. The life companies are there but cannot be there in size and so once you get above a couple hundred million dollars, you really talking about pairing up people. In terms of our specific maturities Well, Id make one other comment was that the CNBS market is till virtually nascent and just dont expect any recovery there in the near-term. With respect to our maturities, both on the consolidated portfolio and the JV portfolios, we have coming due in the next 18 months is all relatively good assets at relatively modest leverage loan to values and so feel very comfortable about our ability to rework those loans. Obviously given the bond yield that we just completed, we are exceptionally well positioned from a balance sheet perspective.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Isbee with Stifel Nicolaus & Company.
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Its actually David Fick here. Most of my questions have been answered. Can you comment a little bit about a) How much NOI youre getting out of Florida and what youre seeing in terms of traffic there and what you expect to happen over the next year?
David Simon:  The NOI, our share of NOI out of Florida to be specific is 13.2%. Its RA carry. I think what we said earlier, the first quarter call was basically pretty much on line. I mean there are a number of centers in Florida that are doing extremely well and Id call that for additional suburban mall in Florida is underperforming compared to whats, how its performed over last couple years. Now the predominance of what generates that NOI obviously is our big time centers. So [inaudible], Boca, Sawgrass, Mills, Florida Mall, The Falls in Miami to name a few, Aventura is all still going very, very strong. Where you may see Where youve seen some sales under performance, not leasing under performance but really sales under performance, would be the malls, kind of the suburban traditional mall. 
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Your new project in Chelsea, Im sorry, Chelsea project in Cincinnati is a little eye opening. Are you just out of good markets?
David Simon:  Well actually were very bullish on that and the demand is very strong and this was a site that a number of developers wanted to build a high-end center and some of the redevelopment took place in Cincinnati Proper. That demand was reduced, so we feel very bullish about it. I think well pull off a great mix and a great return and I think itll have very good sales productivity.  
Richard Sokolov: I mean, Dave, between Cincinnati and Dayton, which is a half hour to the north, youve got 2 million people in those metro areas so
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: I understand that, but there are already two or three outlet centers there, not of this quality but I assume you expect to cannibalize a certain amount on that. 
Richard Sokolov:  The ultimate test is that were opening in August of 2009 and were already 40% leased with very good receptivity. The products that we billed are frankly designed to be the dominant outlet channel in their markets and we fully expect that were going to repeat that in Cincinnati.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt  Merrill Lynch:  I think this is maybe a weird question, Im just curious is some of the tenants that youre talking to right now to potentially backfill Steve & Barrys and to a lesser extent the Linens n Things?
Richard Sokolov:  We have been working on the Steve & Barry portfolio for over a month. An important thing to point out is that in the Simon portfolio, the vast majority of our Steve & Barrys are relatively smaller sized stores in small shop space and not all department store spaces. So in addition to having it out to a number of alternative anchors and depending the markets, were talking to Ethan Allen, ESW, Maggiannos, Nordstrom Racks, Sports Authority, Sachs, [inaudible], AJ Wright, Ross Dress for Less, Medieval Times. Thats more in the Mills outlet. Target, more in the Mills portfolio. We also have an ability to just reconvert that space back to small shops. Its not particularly deep and it has a great deal of frontage on the mall, so not only are we having our traditional box teams look at it, but our small shop leasing people are also simultaneously looking to chop it up. 
David Simon:  Yes, I will tell you that to give you a specific anecdote with respect to that, [inaudible] Mall is a great example. We did a Steve & Barrys probably three or four years ago and we debated it. We thought about it and we said, You know what; we havent figured out how were going to reposition the mall, so come in and fill space. We never really thought that maybe it was a temporary gap measure and in fact as weve renovated Livingston, were bringing in Barnes in. Weve redone the food court and now we want the space back and were going to chop it up and its 50-yard line space, so same thing in the stores in New York. So its interesting, it was kind of in some cases it was the path of less resistance. I should say in a lot of cases in the mall portfolio was the path of lease resistance and now I think we, I think theyre going to turn the small shop or turn it back into small shop space in a number of centers which obviously will generate more NOI in the long run.
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: If you believe it, this will be another question on the Cincinnati outlets. Im just wondering what direction you can work with the Mills in? I mean given the 120-shop outlet, 20-minute drive away, it sort of limits moving in that direction. What can you do with the Mills at this point?
David Simon:  I think youre referring to Cincinnati Mills?
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Yes, sorry.
David Simon:  Cincinnati Mills is an asset I dont think over the long run we will be an owner. Weve made that decision that its just not, it produces little NOI. Its a lot of work and we just dont view that as being in the long run portfolio of the Mills. 
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:   Im sure Zack was going to be happy to be about the Livingston Mall.
David Simon:  Exactly. If he brings a deal or deal two, well I guess you cant say that. 
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Im sure his wife will make up for it and shop.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ben Yang with Green Street Advisors.
Ben Yang  Green Street Advisors :  Just kind of doubling with the Steve & Barrys bankruptcy. Ive also heard some rumors in the market about Mervyns going to potentially [inaudible] heading down a similar path given whats happening in the vendor communities. While your exposure to these particular anchors is not very large, it must concern you to some degree. Can you share your opinion on what you see happening to this particular segment of the department store industry?
David Simon:  Well look, I mean I think the fact of the matter is Mervyns, weve always hear Mervyns to go away and the fact of the matter is the fact that its lasted this long is a testament to the guys that own it and operate it. Its being out positioned between Penney and Target. Boscos has always been kind of a unique retailer and did things a little bit different. Now theyve got a different capital structure and I think thats putting a little bit more pressure on them. But from a uniqueness of in terms of retail actually and some markets have performed reasonably well, so its not a performance issue; its more a capital structure issue. I think Mervyns is simply Target/Penney squeeze and we would look to reclaim that space and operate, look for those. So I dont think its any I think you see very similar tenants like Penney that are performing reasonably well and its just that Mervyns is an afterthought at Target and its not something that we have anticipated. 
Ben Yang  Green Street Advisors : Were not going to see maybe any big consolidation happening for these lower end department stores you say.
David Simon:  I dont think so. I think itll be I think itll boil down to real estate play. I do think Boscos has a little bit different retail angle that may be able to in a different capital market structure may be able to operate accordingly. I think their more constrained capital. They do things a little bit different from a retail point of view.
Ben Yang  Green Street Advisors : Then last question, you talked about your China investment garnering say a 9% going in yield. Are there any major structural differences in how leases are signed there versus how you do them here?
David Simon:  Well look, I mean there are lots of them because lets face it, and this is what I think we all have to be sensitive about this sexy overseas development, the right to pursue tenants if they dont pay is a lot different in a lot of different markets. So I think our big issue is if a lot of these tenants dont perform, how do you get rent? We dont know yet? Were not confronted with under performance, but the laws associated with that are a lot different. Now these are longer terms leases. I mean the leases look a lot ours in terms of land and fixed common area reimbursements and alike. The real issue though is if performance isnt there and they dont pay, do you have an issue?  Now, its interest in Japan, which I like their system, Id like to bring it to the U.S., is what they do is they collect sales from the actual customer and then they send the retailer everything but what the landlord share is. Were actually putting that in China as well, but the process of that hasnt been adjudicated. So its a risk, thats why wed like to see returns. Its a huge market. Were doing thing in R&D. Weve executed the plan the way we though, but were very cautious in a lot of future opportunities until we get better handle on exactly that question.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. 
Michael Mueller  JPMorgan:  You mentioned earlier about it being harder to lease up new developments, harder to justify it. Could you take a minute and talk about the pace of leasing and the appetite for space when youre looking at the redevelopment projects, particularly the ones youre adding new shop TLA?
David Simon:  Well, it depends. I mean there are We have a lot more scrutiny in ability to execute, not that weve had execution problems but the days of all the tenant is interested lets build it are done, so its a function of who the tenant is, how much we can rely on their good faith intentions and our judgment. Its a judgment call. Now weve been doing this a long time, so our judgment here ought to be pretty good. Our track record is pretty good, but the intense focus has certainly increased because we got to rely on the tenant. We got to rely on our people in terms of what they can delivery and there will be a few instances where we are going to slow it down just to make sure that we can pull it off as pro forma. 
Richard Sokolov:  The one thing in the redevelopment area, because youre adding tenants to an already demonstrated productive property, it is an easier proposition. If you look at the redevelopment program, weve added Nordstrom to Burlington. Were opening in the spring of next year Nordstrom at North Shore, year after its Nordstrom at South Shore. Nordstrom is opening a Keystone fashion this fall opening at Tacoma this fall while in all of those instances where were adding incremental small shop space, were substantially improving the market share of the property and its an easier proposition to attract the retailer. 
David Simon:  I would say we just dont have a lot of risk. To us, if we add GLA, we want a 100% leased. The risk we have is its 90% leased. I mean the deviation from our plan to the results is not going to be all that material, yet its going through a further level of scrutiny giving the environment that we live in.
Michael Mueller  JPMorgan: So for new ground up development, non-Chelsea in the U.S., it sounds like thats slowing Chelsea. It sounds like the pace is keeping up. If were looking at the redevelopment expenditures say 07/08 levels, versus 2009/2010 expectations, do you think the capital spend is still about in the same ballpark?
David Simon:  I would say clearly new ground up ex-Chelsea, youre right. I mean it is. The only thing that have opening in 09 thats really Phase 2 of Phase 1 which is domain and then had three or four others that we have backburnered for all sorts of reasons, not all of which are recurring economic environment, but they were early projects and theres no reason to push it.  On redevelopment, were on a straddle of a couple, but I think its safe to say that I think redevelopment in 09 will be similar to 08, though, it could be less. I dont think itll be more. There like I said, there are a couple of projects that were straddling. The good news is I look at both from, obviously you want the redevelopment because its accretive. On the other hand, if we dont and we want to hold on it, our cash flow increases from an after dividend and so on and theres nothing like fire power in an uncertain economic environment. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly with Wachovia.
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC:  David, I guess two-part question for you on just the outlook for occupancy more broadly. Given your experience with cyclical downturns with retail space, demand and the timing it take for retail or appetites to change to absorb that FS space, when do you think mall occupancy in the U.S. as a whole [inaudible] its bottom? Is that a 2009 event or do you think itll be far out as 2010? Do you think well see much variability in the performance between A and B malls over that time period?
David Simon:  Well, I think its tough because were I think kind of in the Were in the first half of the downturn lets say, okay. Its a very tough judgmental call. I do think well see the worst of it manifest itself in 09, not 10. But a lot of the story hasnt been written and clearly the trend of better properties getting better and worse properties getting worse is only going to accelerate in a tough economic environment. But it is That trend has been with us for quite some time. Itll accelerate it, but its not going to be a dramatically different outcome in that. I think good properties are going to continue to get better and bad properties are going to get worse. I dont look at it so much A or B, I look at market share, the property getting better, what are the demographics; whats the trade area, etc. That trend I think is with us and has been with us for quite some years. Now on the other hand, weve had some centers that have really under performed that we actually have some very interesting development plans and thats the big delver that I mentioned earlier that if we can pull off some of the things theyre working on, we have some real upside in some of these and weve already suffered through the downside, so that remains to be seen. But I think 09 is going to be a little bit of were going to use 09 to bounce back, the industry I should say because youre going to see more stores closing because of the credit situation.
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: I guess building on that, maybe this one is for Rick, is that since the kiosk and temporary tenant business I would say probably tends to skew more towards a less sophisticated operator than perhaps your typical in line tenant. Any sense of how this economic environment is weighing on appetite for rental demand from those tenants, particularly as we near the holiday season where its more dominant for the mall business?
Richard Sokolov:  So far we have and this has of June 30. We are on track to hit our budgets in those businesses for 2008. So its one of the things is we have been, were very focused on the leasing as we get a little more space back from the small shops closing, thats incremental inventory for that business and thats on track still. 
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: How many of rents typically structure those, a percentage of sales or just fixed rate?
Richard Sokolov:  Its fixed rate plus a percentage.
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: One last question is for Steve; I dont want to leave you out. For your 2008 guidance, can you just tell us whats implied I guess from an occupancy perspective for the back half of 2008 versus where you were the same period of 2007? 
Stephen Sterrett:  Well a continuation of the environment that were in right now and I think it would be reasonable to say that were expecting occupancy to be lower at 12/31/08 in the malls than it was at 12/31/07.
David Simon:  Just on the occupancy, I mean theres a lot of occupancy stuff thats out of our hands because we do have some tenants that are in Chapter 11, whether they reject or assume leases is out of your hands. So as precise as wed like to be, precision is not available to us at this point. With that said, were going to grow our comp NOI in the way that weve described it and thats going to be a function of temporary tenants and the like and so on. But pinpointing occupancy is going to be a little bit tricky given at this point its a little bit out of our control.
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Im curious, though, do you think theres a chance that your year-end 09 then is lower than year-end 08, or just too difficult to say right now?
David Simon:  Too difficult to say.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets. 
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets:  Hey, Rick, you had a good list of tenants that might be available to backfill Steve & Barrys, and I was wondering who in the small shop space is opening stores? I mean who stands out for you is particularly strong in that arena?
Richard Sokolov:  Were doing a lot of business now with Forever 21, with [Sofour], with Apple, Coach is still opening stores, Tillys coming out of California, Zoomies, Express, Abercrombie, American Eagle. Abercrombies rolling out [inaudible]. We still have substantial demand across the portfolio from tenants. Game Stop is still opening stores. Liz Claiborne is converting from a wholesale distribution channel to a retail distribution channel, so theyre opening Lucky Jeans, Lucky Kids, Kate Spade, and Juicy stores. H&M, were doing a lot of business with H&M, so theres still a great deal of activity here and the tenor of the demand is strong. Echoing Davids points, the good malls are getting better and supply almost is, demand is almost only elastic in those better properties. It suffers a downtime just to reconfigure and release the space, but we could add more space to our better properties and have demand. 
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets:  Are you thinking of those names for 2009/2010, is that where their interest is? I mean I assume 2008 is supposed to be done so not as important, but 2009/2010 both they have interest in both years?
Richard Sokolov:  Oh yeah, absolutely.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets:  Steve, on the debt, if you had to redo a big mall mortgage, like you say had to redo Roosevelt Field, would that get done do you think as a mortgage or how does that work in this environment?
Stephen Sterrett:  Yeah, itd work because we dont have a mortgage on it.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets:  Say, you were going to put a mortgage on it.
Stephen Sterrett:  Rich, as an example, we just refinanced Stanford, which is obviously an A+. Yeah, the demand at the end of the quality spectrum is obviously better. But even then, you run into two challenges. 1) Is loan to values, because the underwriting is very conservative. 2) The big malls are obviously worth a lot and so if you want to put in an appropriate loan to value piece of debt [inaudible] do it through the bank market or youre going to have to involve multiple life companies and some kind of club deal.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets:  So it would probably be multiple banks you think and maybe more insurance companies, but probably a consortium of banks?
Stephen Sterrett:  Yeah, I think thats the most likely scenario.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael Gorman with Credit Suisse.
Michael Gorman  Credit Suisse: David, you mentioned earlier a little bit about getting more restrictive on some of your lease terms. Can you just talk about the existing leases? What kind of co-tenancy exposure do you have especially to some of the names on your top anchor list like a Sears or a Dillards or Bon-Ton? 
David Simon:  It would depend on the center, but not that much really. I mean usually if there is any co-tenancy its the for department store mall and maybe two anchors. The fact of the matter is if the anchors are going out of business, you dont really have those tenants anyway, so its somewhat of I cant recall anywhere co-tenancy is really affected us financial. Its a thing here, but its really not for us a material financial issue.
Richard Sokolov:  Michael, probably three/four years ago now we also started writing in those instances where there are co-tenancy show ARM provisions, so its just not the event, if the event then coupled with a sales decline. 
Michael Gorman  Credit Suisse: Sorry if I missed this, but when you were discussing acquisitions earlier, do any of those opportunities include buying back space at existing centers that you dont own?
David Simon:  Sure, if the price is right.
Michael Gorman  Credit Suisse: Have you had any?
David Simon:  You know, I would say at this point nothing major is happening there. Sure, I mean occasionally like Rick whispered to me Sharper Image. I guess a good example of demand for retail space is Sharper Image is liquidating and we have actually bid on some of our leases because there were hostile retailers bidding on it and even though we love that retailer, in this particular few malls, we didnt want that retailer in that particular space, so we had to pony up some money to buy the leases from the estate. So, yeah, were doing that in cases. I mean when it comes to the big departments stores, were still Theres a bidden mask there that is a normal process with us. So we are going to be buying some anchor spaces over the next few years, but there is a value gap between the owner and the what we want to pay for it at this point. 
Richard Sokolov:  The only thing I would add is that as David said, this is not new business for us. I mean we acquired a lot of stores from Macys when they merged with May. Weve acquired stores from [Belt]. Weve acquired stores from Lord & Taylor, and weve been able to very effectively redeploy those assets to make our properties better. If you go back in past 8-Ks, youll see the capital we spend and the returns we got through those redeployments.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citigroup.
Michael Bilerman:  I have one follow-up for Rick. Rick, as you think about your leasing plan when youre talking about being ahead of pace for 2009, how does that leasing plan for 09 compare to what it was for 08? I think youre dealing with about 6 million square feet of scheduled roll in the mall portfolio. How much did you increase your store closures? How much did you increase your bankruptcy expectations relative to the 08 plan?
Richard Sokolov:  Well its not a planned per se, Michael. Its really a productivity measure. What we track is what results we are generating, so we have basically told our teams that we need to be far further ahead in our expiration and so our teams are now working on 09 and 2010 expirations so we can get further and further out ahead of the tenants in the planning. So it isnt really a planned per se that we said we wanted to be X. We are tracking it against our past performance and every year were getting better in getting further out ahead of the expirations so we can be proactive in dealing with these spaces rather than reactive.
David Simon:  I would just add to that, Michael, that we are clearly aware of inventory. The inventory has increased just because take an example, Demos out of business. We decided to work with Pac-Sun, take a lease termination payment and then added that to the inventory, so the inventory at Sharper Inventory is obviously added to the inventory. Even guys that are in 11 where we dont know exactly say Whitehall, where we dont know exactly what space we may or may not get back depending on the outcome of that preceding, our people are leasing as if they dont exist. So the inventories increased, yet were fully aware of it and were obviously shopping the inventory to the best of our abilities.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Louis Taylor with Deutsche Bank.
Louis Taylor  Deutsche Bank Securities:  David, whats the limited acquisitions in more difficult development environment? Is it more likely youll be a buyer of your stock around these levels?
David Simon:  Well, weve been very conservative given the world in terms of capital. At this point, I think were going to, we still have the open to buy. Were still ready to take advantage of volatility yet where prudence at this point is not an unwanted asset so were going to be very prudent as we think about that.
Operator:  At this time, there are no further questions in queue. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. David Simon for the closing remarks.
David Simon:  Thanks for your interest and questions and we look forward to talking to you again. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you for joining todays conference. That concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-29 11:00:00) =====
: Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE:SPG) Q1 2008 Earnings Call  April 29, 2008 11:00 am ET 
Executives: Shelly Doran  Vice President Investor Relations David Simon  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Steve Sterrett  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs [Unknown Analyst]  Goldman Sachs Paul Morgan  Friedman Billings Ramsey Craig Schmidt  Merrill Lynch Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Ambika Goel  Citigroup Michael Mueller  J.P. Morgan Christy McElroy  Banc of America David [Tooty]  Lehman Brothers Louis Taylor  Deutsche Bank Carroll [Kimble]  Hilliard Lyons Ben Yang  Green Street Advisors Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia Jeff Spector  UBS Nate Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets 
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the first quarter 2008 Simon Property Group earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Ms. Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Shelly Doran:  Welcome to the Simon Property Group first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Please be aware that statements made during this call that are not historical may be deemed forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties.  Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe it is important to note that todays call includes time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of todays date, April 29, 2008. The companys quarterly supplemental information package was filed earlier this morning as a form 8-K. This filing is available via mail or e-mail and it is posted on Simon website in the investor relations section under financial information, quarterly supplemental packages.  Participating in todays call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Steve Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. Rick Sokolov our President and Chief Operating Officer is unable to be here with us today as we his recuperating from unexpected shoulder surgery. And now I will turn the call over to Mr. Simon. 
David Simon:  Thank you, good morning everyone. I will just take a few moments at this time to provide comments on the quarter and then well open the call up for your questions. Were pleased to report first quarter FFO of $1.46 per share which is up 6.6% over the prior year. Positive factors contributing to the quarter include solid operating results for all five of our property platforms and decreasing LIBOR rates. You should note that this growth in FFO was achieved despite the fact that our share of lease termination settlements was more than $9 million lower in the first quarter of 2008 than in 2007. You may recall that we received some large department store termination income in 2007. FFO was also negatively impacted as a result of a $12 million decrease in fee and interest income primarily related to an SPG provided mezzanine loan to the mills. These two items together impacted our FFO growth from 2007 to 2008 by over $0.07 per share. Occupancy was essentially flat and our mall portfolio, square footage loss to bankruptcy during the most recent quarter totaled 133,000 square feet as compared to 24,000 square feet during the first quarter of 2007. Even with this our occupancy at the end of the first quarter is still higher than Q1 of 2006.  The decline in the premium outlet occupancy is primarily due to lease terminations or bankruptcy of four tenants comprising about a dozen spaces and the late March 2008 openings of Houston premium outlets which was 86% leased at 3/31/08 and phase two of Rio Grande premium outlets which had total center occupancy of 85% at quarter end. Today at Houston and Rio Grande, we are 92% and 94% leased respectively and we expect the occupancy in the premium outlet portfolio to return to previous levels by year end due to lease up. We experienced a continued moderation of sales growth in the mall portfolio. Comparable sales were $491.00 per square foot, up nearly 1% as compared to the year earlier period. Sales have been impacted by the general economic weakening of the US economy as well as our portfolios higher exposure to Florida which has obviously been impacted by the residential market there.  Excluding our Florida portfolio, sales would have been up 2% on a comp basis. And going to the premium outlet portfolio, sales increased 5.4% to $511.00 per square foot driven by our centers with substantial international tourist exposure that continue to see double digit sales growth. Comparable regional mall NOI was up 2.8% for the quarter which was negatively impacted by the higher debt expenses compared to last year. Comparable NOI growth for our premium outlet portfolio was 4.1%. The re-leasing spread of our mall portfolio was above historical levels. For the quarter due to the mix of leases involved, we expect the spread to return to a more historical normalized level by year end. And the re-leasing spread for the premium outlet portfolio was $7.06 for the quarter representing a strong 29% increase. Effective cost control in the field and the continue conversion of tenants to fixed CAM resulted in higher recovery of common area maintenance expenses during the period and currently approximately 70% of our regional mall tenants have been converted to the fixed CAM billing methodology. Our development and redevelopment pipeline remains intact. We will deliver significant value the upcoming years. We are primarily focused on the redevelopment and expansion of franchise assets in the US and new premium outlet development in the US and in Asia.  Capital is a precious resource, we remain very diligent in the allocation of that capital to only those projects that meet our return requirements. Our balance sheet continues to be one of the strongest in the real estate industry as evidence by our A minus A three ratings and the recent affirmation of such ratings.  We build our balance sheet to be positioned at all times to access capital in multiple forms and I believe that this balance sheet strength was evidenced by a financing transaction that we completed during the first quarter which was a $705 million secured recourse term loan on six existing lowly leveled high quality SPG assets, tapping into their significant imbedded equity value of these assets. The facility which will be or can be increased to $850 million during its term will mature in March of 2010, contains two one year extensions at the companys sole option and the base rate on this facility is at a very favorable LIBOR plus 70 basis points. Our remaining 2008 debt maturities consist of $350 million of corporate bonds and approximately $660 million of mortgage debt, excluding the mills.  We are the process of refinancing the existing $660 million of mortgage debt at amounts equal to or greater than our existing mortgages. And we currently have over $1 billion 7 of available capacity on our corporate credit facility as well as $400 million of cash in the bank. It has now been on year since the acquisition of the mills, the transaction is exceeding our expectations. I believe the portfolio is significantly benefitting from leasing and operational synergies with our other real estate platforms. We are now ready to take advantage of several redevelopment projects within this portfolio and the re-tenanting of certain anchors. Based upon our solid first quarter results, projected activity for the rest of the year and our view of market conditions, today we gave 2008 FFO guidance of $6.35 to $6.45 per share, which is approximately $1 billion 9 of earnings which you know is very significant in todays environment and which also increases the lower end of our previously provided range by $0.10. Were the largest landlord to most national mall based retailers, many tenants generate 10-20% of their total sales from stores located in our malls. Were also the largest owner of high quality outlet centers and retailers highly value this very profitable distribution channel. The depth of these relations coupled with our high quality mall and outlet portfolio and our below market leases should also allow us to lessen the negative impact in the time when retailers are closing stores and reducing their growth plans. This concludes our prepare comments today and we are ready to open the call up for your questions.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of J. Habermann with Goldman Sachs, please proceed.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: Question for David, with regard to banks pulling back credit lines to major retailers, we saw it recently with one of the largest department stores as well as a womens retailer. Can you just give us some thoughts there as to will this impact store closings through the year in your assumptions?
David Simon:  Well what weve heard is that theres one lender in particular that is not renewing certain lines of credit. The retailers that have been involved, we have talked to them and it has had absolutely no impact on their view or their focus on store closings or store expansions. So at this point we have not had any impact and we have been told it will not impact what theyre doing.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: Okay and David you mentioned the four tenants closing stores obviously in the Chelsea division, can you mention those specifically and also I think The Gap closed a bunch of stores as well, any further thoughts there?
David Simon:  Well The Gap has closed no stores in the outlet centers. And the store closings in the outlet side have been [Micasa] and Bombay and its all been very, thats very beneficial for us. Those leases are under market and essentially theyve all been re-leased. You know as you know, you know it does take, once a store closes, it does take some time to re-lease it. Were fully confident well get the outlet center back up to north of 99%. It also included some Springmaid and West Point closings as well. So most of that we view as a positive.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: Okay I think Tom has a question as well.
[Unknown Analyst]  Goldman Sachs:  Hey guys, on the Houston and Rio Grande outlet openings, did those open a little bit below pro forma in terms of occupancy?
David Simon:  Nope. In fact, Houston is ending up being about a 17% return on cost. Again you have to understand it opened literally March 28 and were good but we cant get 100% of every tenant open and as I said Houston is now at 94%. Theres some stragglers coming in that are opening. Houston is going gangbusters. Rio Grande is phase two. The opening of that and again that opened basically at the end of the quarter and were actually doing phase three now. So no issue.
[Unknown Analyst]  Goldman Sachs:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan with FBR.
Paul Morgan  Friedman Billings Ramsey: On the international side youve talked a lot about your intentions to grow that share of your portfolio. Im wondering, mostly that has been through the development so far are you looking harder at any acquisition opportunities given the difference between the health of the US economy right now and some of the other markets.
David Simon:  I mean were looking at a few deals. Still of the belief that the US economy will have an impact on the global economy. And I dont think that thats permeated yet, so last thing we want to do is jump in there and not have that impacted on how people might view the valuation of that. So I think, weve looked at a few more deals, theres one through Simon Ivanhoe that looks maybe a little bit more opportunistic than we have been in the past. But at this point I dont expect any material change to our strategy there.
Paul Morgan  Friedman Billings Ramsey: Okay. And when you look at the environment for construction lending in the US, are you seeing a lot of fallout from the lifestyle and mixed use kind of projects that were percolating everywhere over the past couple of years. Do you either see anything that is interesting from an opportunistic investment perspective or alternatively do you see a lot of projects either not happening or getting pushed back?
David Simon:  I think its actually, theres a trend here thats actually very interesting that I think will be extremely beneficial to us. You know if you think about the recent development, if you go back to the real estate recession in the late 80s to the early 90s, there was a lot of development that occurred during that period of time that took a long time to stabilize. And the decade of the 90s obviously was not a decade of new development.  And new development really only began to occur at least in retail in earnest in kind of the early after we suffered through the ramifications of 9/11, new development in retail again only really picked up its pace in the mid 2000 decade. So frankly I see a decade, you think about retail development as basically until 2003, 4, 5, 6, I see a decade, I do think the current economy and environment, I see a decade of perhaps that retail development is going to be very slow.  I think thats obviously fabulous for us. Thats not to say there wont be certain developments, but we could be talking, you know if you look at the historical trend, I mean it was 15 years essentially before development picked its pace up again. So I dont think itll be that long because I do think things happen faster, things get worse faster, things get better faster, but I do think we could have a decade of little retail development which in the long run is great for us.  Second point Id make, I mean Ive heard other people talk about talking to developers, I think theres enough carnage out there that Im questioning why they would talk to the developers, they ought to be talking to the lenders. And the answer is theres a lot of broken projects out there. I dont think a lot has been recognized that may present some opportunity for us.  You know theres a reason why on the other hand that theyre broken, but net-net, if we are looking, were bypassing the developer, you know were going to go straight to the lender. And I think the bottom line is that we could have a decade of slow retail development which I think bodes very well for us and other major owners of retail real estate.
Paul Morgan  Friedman Billings Ramsey: Does that include redevelopment, youve actually had a lot of that yourself.
David Simon:  Well I think redevelopment really hasnt changed that much and I dont think itll change from the big stable companies. So our view on that is you know its not going to change at all. Now demand on a few projects may get a little squishy but you know from that standpoint I still think franchise assets are so much easier to underwrite, so much easier for the tenant to understand and to the extent that financing is an issue, its so much easier for the financing sources to understand. So I dont sense currently that thats really going to have a material impact. There may be a couple projects here and there that get delayed or reconfigured, but I would think that that would be a big push for us and our peer group.
Paul Morgan  Friedman Billings Ramsey: Thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt  Merrill Lynch:  The operating metrics that were looking at I guess the first quarter for the most part were probably negotiated months ago. Im wondering what your leasing team is telling you what the environment right now looks for deals theyre negotiating.
David Simon:  You know its interesting I think there has been little serious retrenchment on commitments or new stores. You know theres been again on the margin a few people not wanting to do a few deals. I think the big issue for us for the rest of this year and into early 09 is going to be with store closings. So the focus on us is not so much on oh boy the guy committed to this store and hes not going to do that. Thats been on the margin. You know we are going to get more space back because there are tenants that are closing stores, either through Chapter 11 or an out of Chapter 11 re-org. And so thats going to put some space on the table for us that were going to be in the process of re-leasing. And thats again, I wouldnt be overdramatic, weve seen it before. But thats the bigger issue to me than a guy going from store openings of 35 down to 30.
Craig Schmidt  Merrill Lynch:  And would that explain the provision for credit losses kind of ramping up in the first quarter?
Steve Sterrett:  I think that partially explains it. Were not really seeing a significant pickup in receivables themselves. But the composition of its changed a little bit as weve had tenants who have either filed or have announced restructurings. Theres probably a little more receivables that we would view at risk. Having said that, I think the amount of the provision that you saw in the first quarter and certainly the year over year change is not reflective of what wed expect to see the rest of the year. I think weve probably taken most of the pain on that line item in the first quarter.
Craig Schmidt  Merrill Lynch:  Okay and do you have a sense of where same store NOI might be for the outlet sector by the year end?
David Simon:  I think it would be very similar, I mean look, thats a little bit more dependent on sales than say the mall portfolio. So its a little harder to predict with accuracy. But I think we feel confident that well be able to maintain that kind of range. And the same thing with the mall portfolio, even though were still somewhat under, we gave guidance in the 3-4 range, still feel well be able to hit that. You know well end up having a little bit more unexpected stores coming back but I think well make that up through other means including temporary tenants and the like. So we still stand by our comp NOI for both portfolios. Its just going to be a little harder to get there, a little more work, a little more elbow grease.
Craig Schmidt  Merrill Lynch:  Thanks a lot.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ambika Goel with Citigroup.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup:  Hi its Michael Bilerman here with Ambika. David you talked a little bit about our confidence going out and buying some debt, whether it be CMBS or some unsecured and then you talked more about maybe going out and buying through lease broken development deals and going to the lenders, where are you on that today?
David Simon:  Not a lots trading on the CMBS side, its very interesting. At this point its just very hard to find the paper. We do expect that log jam to loosen up. And I think the construction loan side, I was going to be more graphic than I should be, so lets see how I can word this. I think the beginning, I think were going to see the beginning of the recent developments starting to hit the fan.  Because if you think about it, a lot of these were built, theyre going to have part of the lease up because of the economy, theyre have a harder take out because of where the secured market is. And so the combination of those, theyre going to be harder to sell because people arent being that aggressive in valuations. So as those mature or they tell the lender exactly what the story is, theres going to be a lot of pressure. I think that part of the game is just beginning.  The question is do we like the real estate. You know theres more lifestyle centers as an example, going back to an earlier question, theres more lifestyle centers out there for sale than weve seen in the past. I think the floodgate of that is just going to begin to open. The question is do we like the real estate, the productivity and some of these were going to end up dealing with the construction lender.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup:  And how far are you in those discussions already?
David Simon:  Its early. Because they may have an interest carry for a year, you know lower LIBOR rate to help them somewhat, but judgment day is coming.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup:  And Steve you talked about not like where your sort of unsecured debt is trading, you know north of 300 over, not wanting to issue into this environment, are you actively trying to buy back some of your own debt?
Steve Sterrett:  We have not seen any of our unsecured debt to speak of in the market Michael. We actually saw a couple of B pieces of some of our malls that we were very interest in, but the seller opted not to sell. You know having said that, we have seen a fair bit of improvement in bond spreads over the course of the last two or three weeks. You know and our bonds are probably trading 75 basis points inside of where they were as the market has opened up a little bit. So over the long term I view that as a pretty good sign.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup:  Are you an issuer at these levels?
Steve Sterrett:  I dont think at these levels Michael but I would tell you that we like the trend.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup:  Ambika has a couple questions.
Ambika Goel  Citigroup: How does store closures being more pushback later in the year in 2008 impact the 4Q seasonality ramp that the business usually experiences?
Steve Sterrett:  It could make the fourth quarter actually a tad bit more seasonal Ambika, but that would just be at the margin. And you may have a little bit of pressure on occupancy here in the second and the third quarter as Dave mentioned as we get more space back and it just may mean that weve got larger occupancy gains in Q4 as we re-lease that space and get people open for Christmas. I think it would very much be at the margin.
Ambika Goel  Citigroup: And then is there any specific reason that youre seeing that the closures are more pushed back later in the year?
David Simon:  No its really dependent upon the status of the retailer and whats going on there. There are a handful of retailers that are basically in work out mode and not knowing exactly whats going to happen with that work out. Are they going to go Chapter 11 or are they going to reorganize out of the proceedings basis or are they going to liquidate.  You know we dont control the space so there are some, again on the margin, theres going to be some variability out there depending on again and this is two, three, four tenants that are out there that are in the midst of that process.
Ambika Goel  Citigroup: Okay and then some of the retailers that have announced closures this year, theyve announced closures that are occurring in 2009, do you have visibility on which locations those will be in 2009 or have you yet to get to that point in your discussions?
David Simon:  Pretty much we know it and were pretty much negotiating. I mean it would depend, you know we have a pretty good handle of the companies that have either retrenches or announced some store closings, like the Talbots, the Ann Taylors, the Gaps of the world. We have a pretty good handle.  The ones that create a certain amount of uncertainty are the ones that are not, they dont have that kind of financial wherewithal so were trying to weigh that. So I think generally I would say we have pretty good clarity other than I said two or three or four that are in the midst of thinking about whether or not they can re-org.
Ambika Goel  Citigroup: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with J.P. Morgan, please proceed.
Michael Mueller  J.P. Morgan: First of all looking at the new and redevelopment delivery schedule, a lot of the projects there are 08 obviously, I was just wondering if you could give us a sense as to what the pipeline looks like as you move into 2009 and 2010 for deliveries?
David Simon:  We really havent backed off anything material in terms of 9 and 10. I mean were still very close to announcing a new outlet center I would say in the next 30 days that we will be able to deliver in 09. Were delivering New Jersey premium outlet at the end of 08. Were going to deliver Merrimac in 10. And well deliver one more, this one that I talked about at the end of 9.  International pipeline is pretty status quo, moving along as expected. We think theres a couple more South Korean opportunities and even a couple more in Japan that were working toward. Those could be added to the pipeline. And on the redevelopment side of the equation, the big projects are moving. Ross Park, South Shore, North Shore, Burlington just opened with that, so most of the 08, 9 stuff, North Shore is 9, South Shore is 10. You know weve got some big expansions with Orlando premium which is 9.  So its pretty much status quo just jumping out at it and obviously were looking to add that. I mean the big one that were going through approvals which will take about a year is the [Coply] and were still all systems go trying to get the approvals there, but thats going to take a year process.
Michael Mueller  J.P. Morgan: Okay and then switching gears for a second you said Mills was running ahead of expectations, can you give us a little more color and maybe talk about occupancy trends at the regional mall portfolio, the Mills portfolio and just how closing the gap is trending in just remerchandising?
David Simon:  Well I would say that the actual Mills side you know is, weve got a lot of redevelopment that were focused on, we have some real interest on kind of re-tenanting some of the anchors. So thats, and were actually making a significant amount of deals in the Mills with the likes of Nike and Adidas and those kind of players. So the Mills side is actually, were very, very positive in terms of whats going on there.  Part of that is because demand on the outlet side from specialty retailer and the Neiman Marcus and the Sachs of the world continues to be very, very strong and unabated and thats what obviously having a positive impact on the outlet on the premium outlet side as well.  With respect to the malls, I mean we have a couple, you know Id say by and large theyre doing as expected. There are a couple that are in major redevelopment mode that were holding onto space as an example, Southdale in St. Paul is a great example of that where were still awaiting terms, so were not making as much progress there as we would like and primarily because were still sorting through development there.  Del Amo were making progress there but again we want to create some optionality with future redevelopment opportunities. So Id say the bigger ones are kind of in a holding pattern as we sort through the development. The stable malls are kind of all producing what we thought theyd do.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Christy McElroy  Banc of America.
Christy McElroy  Banc of America:  Just following up on leasing, have you seen a difference in leasing trends and store closings at your class A versus your class B malls. And just going into [ICS] Vegas, what does your retailer meeting schedule look like versus last year?
David Simon:  I mean its still very strong, so we havent seen a real change in that. I would say, I dont know that its so much A and B, I would say it really depends upon the retailer and where that retailer is focused. And again I think the teen sector by and large is very strong and thats in A, B and C centers. Then you have retailers that are not as, again more broad based but.  Like for instance the Disney Stores is going through a process now where theyre going to be sold or reorganized. And you know, thats across the board. So it really depends on the retailer. Its obviously easier to lease up and A mall than it is a B mall. But I would say the demand isnt all that different between an A and a B, it just depends on where the retailer situation is.
Christy McElroy  Banc of America:  What about new concepts, what kind of trends are you seeing in leasing there and are there any that youre particularly worried about?
David Simon:  No, I mean I think we have a very strong group of new concepts or new retailers expanding, including you know theres probably 30, Abercrombie with Gilly Hicks, Hollister, Adidas, area of American Eagle, Apple continues to expand, [Backaracks], Bare Essentials, [Charla Groose], Clarks, Coach, Express, Forever 21, H&M, were making a lot of deals with G&M, [Geocs], Godiva, Justice, Nike, I mean, so there, Puma, [Fashion Alb], so theres plenty of new demand out there that are, we think are going to help deal with some of the guys that are retrenching. So its actually in that sense, a lot of deals are being made.
Christy McElroy  Banc of America:  Okay and then sorry if I missed this but Steve could you walk through what kind of gave you the comfort to raise the bottom end of your guidance range at this point?
Steve Sterrett:  Well Christy its a couple of things. One we one quarter into the year so weve got three months of actual results behind us. Weve got more visibility into leasing activity for the rest of the year, even though as David mentioned, you know there is still a bit of uncertainty with respect to store closings in the second quarter.  And then maybe most importantly youve got a LIBOR curve that looks very different than it did when we published our initial guidance. So put all those three together and I think thats where we are.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David [Tooty]  Lehman Brothers.
David [Tooty]  Lehman Brothers:  Can you guys speak a little bit about what youre seeing internationally? Are you seeing retailers track the US, are you seeing increased concerns about store closings. Just a little bit on that climate there would be great.
David Simon:  The international business is, I mean we dont have a huge subset to make big general statements. I will tell you Italy is very stable, even though the economy there is not, certainly that strong. So it is very stable occupancies and sales are pretty steady. Our new product there has been virtually 100% leased. Thats very stable. Poland you know, were down to two assets in Poland but the sales there have been remarkable. So the economy there continues to be very strong. Japan, even though Japans economy is slowing, the outlet sector has an unusual niche there in terms of being able to produce sales growth. And so I think thats very well positioned as the Japanese economy slows which we are seeing certainly globally or domestically in Japan and we expect that to continue. But you know the outlet position there is very strong and the consumer really likes that value proposition. So I would say generally you know we havent seen kind of the down draft but its a very specific asset base that we have. You know were not in the UK, so I mean I would imagine sales there are probably tracking the US. But that gives you a sense. And France you know we again have assets there but I would characterize them as very stable as well, both occupancy and sales. So you know its not the kind of volatility that you might expect.
David [Tooty]  Lehman Brothers:  Given your limited exposure overseas right now, does the market strength increase your appetite at all for future investment from where you are now?
David Simon:  Well sure I mean you know there is less retail there and that always makes the supply and demand equation interesting and certainly from a risk adjusted basis. I mean the biggest issues is the dollar and how you put capital out and planning the right opportunity where we could add value. And weve been working on it, well continue to work on it.  I do think Asia, certainly the new developing countries in Asia do pose a risk for interesting bubble like characteristics. So, not Japan necessarily but I do think there are Asian markets that have had a lot of new supply and you know thats why weve been very cautious in those kind of markets because there are bubble characteristics out there in certain parts of Asia.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Louis Taylor  Deutsche Bank.
Louis Taylor  Deutsche Bank: David you had mentioned just regional differences earlier in the call with regards to comparable store sales with Florida being weak. What were some of the other regional differences of note?
David Simon:  Well Id say the Northeast generally Boston, you know pretty strong, no real issues there. Midwest is, God love the Midwest.
Steve Sterrett:  We never had the boom and were not having the bust.
David Simon:  You know and were pretty well positioned in the Midwest, like Indianapolis is a decent market for us. The other area thats interesting is Southern California is its not quite like Florida but any markets that are really, Northern California seems to be very fine. And you know and our exposure there has increased somewhat through the Mills deal.  But that seems to have a lot more stability than Southern California where there was a lot more of the residential infrastructure in place. And so Id say that area is soft. Texas actually is holding up well. Were seeing softness in Nevada, Las Vegas for the first time in quite some time. So we expect that softness to continue.
Louis Taylor  Deutsche Bank: Second question just pertains to your lease expirations in 08, your average rent there is pretty high at around $44.00 a foot versus low to mid 30s for most other years. Is it going to impact your leasing spreads this year in terms of what youre ultimately going to get just due to mix?
Steve Sterrett:  Its a bit of an aberration that we dealt with 75-80% of our expirations already. So the stuff thats left shows at a higher base rent. I mean David mentioned in his prepared remarks that we expect the leasing spread to return to kind of historical levels which for us has been kind of plus or minus 20%, thats about where wed expect to see it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Carroll [Kimble]  Hilliard Lyons.
Carroll [Kimble]  Hilliard Lyons:  On your income statement I noticed that the other income line item was down, can you tell me why.
Steve Sterrett:  Yeah thats the Mills and lease terminations, we had a lower level of lease terminations in 08 versus 07.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ben Yang  Green Street Advisors.
Ben Yang  Green Street Advisors:  Your outlet business is doing very well and you had previously talked about bringing some of your outlet tenants into the Mills portfolio. Have any retailers actually made this move or indicated plans to do so?
David Simon:  Yeah I mean a great example is Nike you know which is a big client of the Chelsea product. We have [Katy, Urundal] Colorado, Discover, Franklin and the block all moving toward either opened or moving toward deals, just as an example.  Tommy Hilfiger the same thing. And then were actually getting some of the mall tenants like Ann Taylor, Victorias Secret Gymboree all moving toward either doing in Vickys case, they dont have an outlet concept doing a Vickys full price or with Ann Taylor doing their outlet stores. So and thats what is good about the Mills right now in this environment. I mean the outlet side of the equation is very interesting to a number of retailers.  The Neiman Marcus last call, the Sachs Fifth Avenue all fit lots of new deals are the in the works there as well. So were working, were seeing what we thought we would be there. Now what were also working on which were very close to bringing a full line department store in one property and then maybe even building a whole lifestyle component to another property thats full line anchored. So you know on the Mills, I would say generally all are moving you know pretty positively.
Ben Yang  Green Street Advisors:  Is it fair to say that the Mills assets are somewhat defensive in a tough economy similar to what were seeing for the outlet centers?
David Simon:  It appears to be. Theres a more interesting value proposition for the consumer. You know but I want to be a little cautious because I think were still at the beginning of a down economy or Im not smart enough to know whether what inning were in. But it appears to be a little bit more defensive. And most importantly the demand seems to be on the outlet side is high and it seems to be, we seem to be seeing the benefit of that with the Mills portfolio.
Ben Yang  Green Street Advisors:  You previously also mentioned that you were still refining some of the Mills data, have you guys found any more surprises either good or bad in the past few months or so?
David Simon:  Pretty much thats behind us.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia.
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia: Just building on one of Christys earlier questions regarding ICSE, David what is the tenor of your meeting schedule there versus prior years? I mean are you seeing more meetings on the books I guess addressing things like store closing or just renewals versus say filling vacancies or new projects or is it just kind of more of the same?
David Simon:  Well I would say its more of the same. You know I did live through and Ricks not on the call to commiserate with this, but there was several years where, 93, 4, 5, etc, where all we did was essential workouts. I dont sense that at all at this upcoming convention. Therell be a few Im sure but I dont sense anywhere near what we had to deal with in the mid 90s.
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia: Steve if I heard you correctly in an earlier response, is it fair to say that youll see the most significant level of lease expirations in Q2 08 for you guys?
Steve Sterrett:  No. Most of the leases expire, a good portion of the leases expired in the first quarter. Jeff what I did say, I think, is that we still have some variability with potential store closings and we will see probably more space come back to us in the second quarter.
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia: I guess Im curious if mall occupancy was down I think 10 basis points in Q1 and I think initially you guys projected flat to 100 basis point decline in guidance for 2008 at least at the start of the year. I guess Im wondering if you have a positive experience say by the end of Q2, do you think you might reconsider the magnitude of the occupancy decline you gave at the start of the year for your full year guidance.
Steve Sterrett:  I do think theres another 50 plus basis points of risk on the downside to occupancy Q2 from store closings that are, as David mentioned, are people who are either in work out mode or we would expect to get space back. You know demand for space is still decent. Were pushing very hard and the visibility would be can we get back to flat by year end. That would certainly be the objective. If we miss it, I dont think we miss it by 100 basis points.
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia: And Im curious on occupancy, is it also, am I stretching too far to say that any further declines in occupancy will probably come more from expirations than terminations as opposed to bankruptcies? And I guess for that reason do you think your termination revenues could actually be above norm in the next few quarters?
David Simon:  Well again, the guys that are, were hedging here because there are a couple of guys that are somewhat on, deciding what theyre going to do in terms of how they want to restructure. And I would say the variability is really with that sector of two, three, four tenants as opposed to the guys that we kind of know whats happening with. So some of that may produce lease termination income, but it is still in process.  So the bottom line for us is we still think were going to grow our NOI 3-4%. Composition may change somewhat because of the variability of again these handful of tenants that Ive talked about.
Jeff Donnelly  Wachovia: David are they more in like the home goods area or a particular theme to what [tear] they operate in?
David Simon:  Well its really across the board I mean Disney is a great example, the Sidney store situation. You know were negotiating with them right now. As you know they were owned by Childrens Place, theres a movement toward Disney buying them back which is actually very positive for us. But they dont want to operate the 350 store chain that they had, they want to operate a smaller chain. Were going to have some closings associated with that. And you know were negotiating.  So it would be great to say heres whats exactly going to happen but were still in that process of working through that. And thats really, a couple of those guys that are like that, like a Disney, like a Wilsons that were still trying to get a handle on. You know were working obviously closely with the tenants but thats creating the variability.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeff Spector  UBS.
Jeff Spector  UBS: Does your guidance still assume a soft landing in the economy?
David Simon:  The guidance makes no, I would tell you that our guidance is really not dependent upon the economy. You know I dont know that we can sit there and say, forecast GDP growth and thats going to spit out exactly what comp NOI is going to be. You know we have, its a judgment call. We know kind of what our lease up is, we know you know we have variability in sales, we have variability in interest rates, you put it all in, we make some judgment calls, thats how we get to our numbers.  And thats why we have a range. Thats also why Id love not to give guidance. But you know, were fine. And you know if it does become less or more severe then I think therell be more opportunities for us. So, Im good with that too.
Jeff Spector  UBS: With the year to date rebound in REIT stock prices, if they remain level for a period of time, do you think well see a pickup in M&A, public to public?
David Simon:  I dont know. I guess maybe. M&A is such an emotional framework. Let me put it this way, I do think running a company in a tough economic environment is very difficult and I think it will wear down a lot of people. Not us, but its going to wear down a lot. And usually when youre worn out is when you want to get out.  So I guess, I dont know if its stock price so much but more of kind of where the mindset it. And I think its tough running any company in a tougher environment. And that could lead to more M&A, more than stock price charts.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Nate Isbee with Stifel Nicolaus, please proceed.
Nate Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus:  Im here with David as well. What are the leasing spreads youre generating in the traditional Mills portfolio?
David Simon:  I would say theyre consistent with the mall business, especially stores. Were very anxious to see David when he tours the portfolio. Were going to want a next quarter tour though.
Nate Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus:  How is Del Amo looking these days David?
David Simon:  Del Amo is still in lease up phase. Its a unique asset with lots of opportunities.
Nate Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus:  Any movement there on a fashion anchor. I mean the fashion anchors been discussed for five years, I know it wasnt you, but any progress there?
David Simon:  Weve only discussed it for a few months. So you know we still have some time there. It may be harder to achieve than you know what Mills, I still think theres a possibility but it may be harder to achieve and the time period may be longer than what the market was originally told by the earlier group. Were still working on it in other words.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your final question comes from Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: What are you seeing on the concession front? Are you offering more concessions in this environment being that its a bit tougher for tenants?
David Simon:  No, the only thing Id say is that to the extent that we have a tenant in the work out mode, we do a thorough, and I mean thats really when they have leverage on, you know okay if you dont make a deal were going to put in Chapter 11 and you know, put that aside because in that case we have to decide, we do a pretty thorough analysis, whether were better off recouping our lease value through what the estate would get versus what kind of retailer they are, what kind of company it is.  You know and whether its in our best interest to keep them going. Put that aside, I would say generally if its just a straight up deal, there hasnt been a big change in much higher [key a] or much lower rents. I mean everything is on the margin. So I would say that trend is pretty consistent. We are giving some rent relief to tenants that are in this workout phase that Id say.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: And then on the specialty retailing side, thats an area you might think would run into difficulty in a weaker environment. Do you have any thoughts on specialty retailing at this point?
David Simon:  Well again it depends on the tenant and the sector. You know lots of teen retailers are doing very fine. You know the H&Ms and the Other Worlds and the Forever 21s are doing extremely well. So it really depends on the retailer. I would tell you that its not, its tough but its not a disaster in a lot of cases.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: And then how about like the carts and kiosks, Dave is that an area thats.
David Simon:  You know its surprisingly, were okay there. I would think that, I would tell you that I would have thought that that business would obviously be impacted by the economy. But were going to happen to ride up with the guy that runs it today in the elevator. I grilled him to make sure because I knew I was going to get this question. Im kidding, but we seem to be fine. There may be a little bit of receivable issues on some of them but demand is holding up and he thinks well be okay for what were thinking about this year.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: And then the last thing Steve, what are you thinking for LIBOR, how did you come about a LIBOR assumption I guess when you were working on your guidance for 2008?
Steve Sterrett:  Rich, whether it was the original guidance, all we do is take the forward curve. I dont pretend to be any smarter than what the forward curve is.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that concludes our Q&A session, Id like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
David Simon:  Thank you everybody. Were disappointed we didnt get a question about Ricks shoulder, but hes recuperating fine. We wish him well. So in any event, thank you, Im sure well see some of you in the next month, but we appreciate your support.
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in todays conference, this concludes the presentation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelly Doran - Vice President of Investor Relations David Simon - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Stephen E. Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Paul Morgan - Freidman Billings Ramsey Christy McElroy - Banc of America Securities  Jonathan Litt - Citigroup  Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Matthew Ostrower - Morgan Stanley Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank Jeffrey Spector - UBS  Steve Sakwa - Merrill Lynch David M. Fick - Stifel, Nicolaus Greg Stuart and Michael Mueller  JP Morgan Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2007 Simon Property Group earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Ms. Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Shelly Doran: Good morning and welcome to the Simon Property Group's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Please be aware that statements made during this call that are not historical may be deemed forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties.  Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast for some time to come, we believe it is important to note that todays call includes time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of todays date, February 1, 2008.  The companys quarterly supplemental information package was filed earlier today as a Form 8-K. This filing is available via e-mail or mail and it is posted on Simon website in the investor relations section under financial information, quarterly supplemental packages.  Participating in todays call will be David Simon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Richard S. Sokolov, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Stephen Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer.  Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Simon. 
David Simon: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Let me take a few minutes just to provide some comments on the quarter and then well open it up for your questions. We are very pleased to report FFO for the fourth quarter of $1.76 per share, up 12.1% over the prior year. You should note that our 12.1% growth in FFO was achieved despite the fourth quarter impairment charge of $0.12 per share, net of applicable tax benefit of about $19.5 million resulting in our tax benefit of $12.2 million. We had a tax expense of approximately $6.5 million, so we netted those two, related to the write-off of our equity investment in an Arizona land joint venture.  Excluding the impact of the impairment charge, diluted FFO per share increased 19.7% for the quarter to $1.88 per share.  Positive factors contributing in the quarter include strong operating results for our regional mall and premium outlet platforms, positive net tenant recoveries were related to our continued conversion to a fixed CAM program with effective cost control and lower cost related to our captive insurance program, continued integration of and positive impact from the Mills acquisition, including our benefit from managing the portfolio.  We did experience a slowing of retail sales in the fourth quarter in our regional mall portfolio. Comparable sales were $491 per square foot, up 3.2% for the year but flat in the fourth quarter. Sales increased 7% for the year to $504 per square foot in our U.S. premium outlet centre portfolio and fourth quarter sales were up 5%.  Comparable regional mall NOI growth was 6.3% for the quarter, 4.5% for the year. Comparable NOI growth for the outlet portfolio continues to be very strong at 11.1% for the quarter and 9.8% for the year. Occupancy increased 30 basis points in both the premium outlet portfolio and the mall portfolio.  Releasing spreads for our mall portfolio contracted somewhat during the fourth quarter as a result of opening of several big box and large restaurant tenants, in particular at our lifestyle expansions. For the year, spreads in the mall portfolio were $5.64, or 14.4%, which is somewhat lower than our historical average but if you take out the openings related to our lifestyle expansion, the releasing spread for the mall portfolio for the year would have been $7 and 21%, or 18%, which is obviously slightly above our historical norm.  Releasing spreads for our premium outlet portfolio were $7.79 for the year, representing a 33% increase. Excluding embedded renewal options in some of our older leases, the premium outlet portfolio releasing spreads were over 40%.  Gift card sales in 2007 were relatively flat over 2006 at $516 million. We attribute that really to the proliferation of retailer gift cards throughout the nation. Based upon the results of 07 and our outlook for 08, in addition our board of directors yesterday increased our common stock dividend for the quarter of 7.1% from $0.84 to $0.90 for this quarter.  Let me turn just briefly to talk about capital markets. Our balance sheet continues to be one of the strongest in the real estate industry, as evidenced by our A-minus, A3 ratings. We built our balance sheet so that we would be positioned at all times to access capital in multiple forms and I believe we are well-positioned to weather the continuing challenging capital market and credit market.  Given the state of the capital markets, let me just walk through, just for your benefit, what our 2008 plan is. We only have $350 million of unsecured bonds maturing in 2008. Our share of secured debt maturing in 2008 totals $1.7 billion, although almost $700 million of that total will be extended through pre-existing extension options.  We also have a development, re-development pipeline that is not otherwise funded by construction debt of approximately $800 million in 2008 and in total, when you add the unsecured maturing, our share of the mortgage debt and our pipeline thats not funded by construction debt, thats about $2.2 billion. We anticipate funding this but I underline -- but we are not limited to this. But here are the following sources that we have available to us. First, $1 billion of secured debt maturing as an aggregate loan to value of less than 40%. The underlying assets generate sales per square foot of $555 per square foot. We expect to generate total proceeds of $1.5 billion, or $500 million of excess proceeds from the refinance of these high quality, low levered assets. We dont expect any issue with that.  We currently have $1.1 billion available in our revolving corporate credit facility. We have over $500 million of cash in the bank at year-end, and we will generate over $400 million of free cash flow in 2008. Therefore, when you add it all up, we are not -- obviously we are very comfortable with how we are going to fund our business plan for 08.  Finally, in 07 we had a very good year for our company. We generated very strong FFO growth, continued to successfully execute our development and redevelopment pipeline in the U.S. and abroad. We completed a strategic acquisition, again very financially profitable with Mills. We fully integrated that portfolio and are now working to grow the cash flow of those assets.  And while 2008 promises to be a challenging period because of the macroeconomic environment, we believe we are poised for success. Demand for space for our retailers continues to be solid. We will expect to get more space back than in recent years. However, much of that space comes from healthy retailers abandoning certain concepts and obviously they are going to have to negotiate with us to exit their corporate guaranteed leases.  We have one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. Our development and redevelopment pipeline will continue to create value for us and we will also look for opportunities in this type of environment when they arise. And we also expect to continue to create value from the Mills portfolio as we work through the development and redevelopment pipeline associated with that.  Based upon these factors, the results of our internal budgeting and planning process, and our view of current market conditions, weve provided 2008 FFO guidance of $6.25 to $6.45 per share, representing per share growth of 6% to 9% for the 2008 time period.  With this said, this concludes our prepared remarks. Were more than happy to open it up for questions, so Operator, we can begin the Q&A session. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Paul Morgan, Freidman Billings Ramsey.
Paul Morgan - Freidman Billings Ramsey: On the expense recovery rate, it continues to be high and you mentioned that contributing to the upside and it came up last quarter, but as I look into 08, what should we expect the full year recovery rate to be versus the full year for 07?
Stephen E. Sterrett: I think you have two things that really contributed to the improvement in the recovery ratio in the quarter. One, which is ongoing, is just our conversion to fixed CAM. We are north of 60% now. Well be north of 70% by the end of 08, and so that improvement I would expect to continue.  There was also an improvement in the quarter which is related really to a bit of a catch-up, and thats in our insurance program. We had lower insurance expenses in the quarter, which improved the profitability in the recovery.  There is an element of that that I do expect to continue on an ongoing basis but a part of it was clearly a bit of a catch-up for activity that occurred throughout the year. So when I think you look at it on an annual basis, I think we are comfortable in telling you that the recovery, the profitability in recovery is there. We probably got a little bit of an outsized performance in Q4 that in retrospect, some of it could have been pushed back into the [first few quarters]. 
David Simon: Ill just add that as we said historically, and I think we were one of the first companies to anticipate the fact that the macroeconomic and retail environment was going to slow, we have been very focused on our operating expenses. So we have a pretty good plan for 08. Obviously we have to execute it but we have a pretty good plan for 08 to drive down our operating expenses, so we are enthusiastic about that opportunity. 
Stephen E. Sterrett: And because over the course of the year, two-thirds of our leases will be fixed CAM, two-thirds of that benefit would inure to our bottom line. 
Paul Morgan - Freidman Billings Ramsey: David, last recession you guys dialed down development pretty meaningfully and given your outlook for sales and the overall environment, and you have a bunch already under construction but if you think about your starts over the next 12 to 24 months, are there any moving pieces that you might push out?
David Simon: Well, the biggest focus weve had is on redevelopment and I will tell you that that really has not changed. I mean, we are obviously very focused in terms of reaffirming the profit potential from the redevelopment, given the current environment.  Now, on the new development side, we have pushed a couple of the potential deals -- like we have a site in west Houston, we think thats delayed a year or so. I wouldnt attribute that to the economic environment. I just think retail demand is not quite there yet.  But no real change in Chelsea at all. I mean, I think theres real demand there. Were very excited about opening in Houston, New Jersey. Were very excited about getting the right to build in New Hampshire. Theyve got a couple of other sites that were doing it, so I would say no change in redevelopment, no change in new development on Chelsea and on the mall side, weve pushed a couple of deals back but I wouldnt attribute that too much to the economic environment. More just feeling that the retail demand was not quite there. 
Paul Morgan - Freidman Billings Ramsey: Okay, and a last question for Rick -- in terms of the composition of the store closings that have been announced over the past quarter or so, is there any color you could provide about the mix between top tier properties versus lifestyle centers versus B malls?
David Simon: Let me answer that, if I could. The closings that have been announced, we are always going to have some closings every year but the biggest closings that have been announced have been more concept oriented closings, so just take an example -- Jasmine Sola from New York and Company -- we have five stores. They are going to close it. Now, theyre in good centers. In fact, I think all five are in our New England are because thats where they wanted to start, and thats really a concept change. I mean you had the -- one of the problems we had, I still dont know how to pronounce it, Pavia, Pivia, The Finish line concept.  Again, those are in good centers but thats womens oriented, Talbots Kids and -- so right now, the biggest potential closings are associated with the concept closing as opposed to closings associated with A, B, or C malls. Thats what we are seeing the most of. Sigurd Olsen with Liz Claiborne, and you know, you have chains going out of business like Bombay. Id say thats across the board but most of the new closings that youve seen year-to-date have been associated with that kind of activity.  Well still see a Foot Locker shedding a few stores, KBs shedding a few stores. Ann Taylors announced shedding a few stores but you know, thats by and large happening year-in and year-out, and that can happen basically across the board, A, B, or C properties. 
Paul Morgan - Freidman Billings Ramsey: Do you think on a net basis, you might not lose as much space if the retailers are maybe trying to put a different concept in that location?
David Simon: Well, my guess is well end up making a deal to get them out of the space, releasing it so we may have a down time but obviously we are going to be very focused on getting the appropriate value for letting them out of the lease. 
Paul Morgan - Freidman Billings Ramsey: Thanks. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy with Banc of America Securities.
Christy McElroy - Banc of America Securities : Good morning. David, when you outlined your funding options, I dont believe you mentioned potentially accessing the unsecured market. Do you see this as another option or is the pricing there too high? And can you give us a sense for what the pricing would potentially be?
David Simon: You know, the market is not -- I mean, the market is there for us if we wanted it but the pricing is too high and we have no real need to go to that market.  I will say that obviously we have the liquidity to deal with our 08 plan and theres all sorts of other ways we could finance the business beyond what I just described, but we are not -- there is just no motivation for us to go to that market, as choppy and as expensive as it is. And there is no reason for us to do that.  Now, at some point it might calm down but if it doesnt -- were assuming it does not calm down, so that -- and where it would be, I mean, it would be very wide of where we did our last big deal.  Now, our credit default swaps, I dont know if this is damning with feint praise, but this is what Steven and our treasurer tell me all the time. We are kind of the lowest credit default swaps in the industry and much lower than a number of big, well-known companies but I think its damning with feint praise at this point. 
Stephen E. Sterrett: I think they are certainly much wider of where they were a year ago at this time. 
Christy McElroy - Banc of America Securities : Okay, and then who are the likely types of lenders for the refinancing of the $1 billion of secured debt that you have coming do, whether its life insurance companies or banks?
David Simon: Well, I think youll have that. I think youll also have this -- I mean, I think youll have the secured market as well. The CMBS market I think is still available for good quality stuff. I mean, the mall product really hasnt experienced any kind of hiccup. I mean, obviously spreads are a little wider but there is still demand out there for some financing on that level. 
Stephen E. Sterrett: Right, and the life companies historically have always valued the mall product very highly because of its stability, so I would expect them to be much more in the mix than theyve been over the last three to five years. 
David Simon: And the bank market for credits like us, companies like us, the bank market, to the extent that window is not there, to the extent the insurance window is not there, I dont expect that but again, with that market -- the bank market is very strong for a company like us. So we can access basically whenever we need it, if we need it. 
Christy McElroy - Banc of America Securities : Okay, great and then just lastly, following up on the question before about the store closing announcements, what level of lease termination income are you currently assuming in your 08 guidance? And then I think you are forecasting roughly flat to down occupancy at year-end, but can you give us a sense for what that should look like throughout the year?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Our historical run-rate over the last three to four years has kind of been in the $15 million to $20 million a year range, and actually if you look at I think 06, thats about where we were. In 07, thats where we were absent of the two or three large department store termination that we did. And thats kind of consistent with our plan for 08. If it exceeds that, youll typically have an offset up in your minimum rent line somewhere so the two tend to net out. 
David Simon: But at this point its no different than what weve historically budgeted. 
Christy McElroy - Banc of America Securities : Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Litt with Citigroup.
Jonathan Litt - Citigroup : Im here with [Ambica]. Just sort of curious -- theres obviously been a lot of press about whats going on in the debt markets and discussions about the impact thats going to have on the pricing of real estate. Whats your sense of whats happening in your space? Any large assets that you are seeing on the market?
David Simon: Well, you know, the big A quality malls are -- there just hasnt been any transactions. The last couple have been frankly what we sold to Westfield and what I guess Macerich bought recently. And my personal view is that on that kind of quality asset, if cap rates have moved, they havent moved all that much. You know, where the lack of really understanding value is probably on the lower quality product where a lot of that was bought by entrepreneurs with cheap debt. And again, that market is pretty much shut down for the time being so theres -- its hard to figure out where those cap rates are but its safe to say they probably moved up. 
Jonathan Litt - Citigroup : So what would you peg -- if transactions came to market in the class A space, do you think thats in the five?
David Simon: Yeah, no question about it. 
Jonathan Litt - Citigroup : And retention funds would probably do it with relatively low debt at those levels, or you guys?
David Simon: Yeah, I think thats right. 
Jonathan Litt - Citigroup : I think [Ambica] has a question as well. Thank you. 
Unidentified Analyst: If were thinking about the same-store NOI guidance for the malls, you mentioned that Simon is really focusing on driving operating leverage. If we think about the guidance, what percentage -- is it half of the growth is really going to be driven by driving operating leverage? And then, could you list the specific items that you are focused on to reduce operating expenses?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Let me talk a little bit about the guidance. We are beholden to some degree to our lease exploration schedule. We ordinarily have 7%, 8%, 9% of our leases rolling a year. We have not seen any diminution in pricing power so we would expect our leasing spreads, as weve noted in the guidance, to be in the historical range.  If you got 10% of your leases rolling and you are re-leasing them at up 20%, inherently thats 2% comp NOI growth and then the rest of it comes from either better recoveries or growth in ancillary revenues or, as David mentioned, we may get more of a bump in 08 from driving down the operating costs. 
Unidentified Analyst: And then could you give more color on what specifically you are focused on the operating cost side?
David Simon: I would say we have -- we are reviewing a number of our vendor relationships. We are also looking at how to take advantage of economies of scale in the field level with personnel. Weve got -- obviously we are very focused on increasing energy efficiency for a number of reasons, one of which obviously, as we think its the right corporate thing to do in terms of trying to give back to the environment, but also because it makes good, sound business sense in terms of driving our operating expenses.  I mean, those are a few that jump out at me. We are using our kinds of scale in purchasing but weve grown a lot. Weve been very income oriented, which is appropriate when you have a very strong economic environment. We are in a less strong economic environment and so its always good every few years to take a step back and figure out how we become more efficient and more expense controlled.  You know, those are -- I could sit here and tell you a few that come off the top of my head. Now, when we budget, we do it by lease, by mall, by asset, so wed have to spend some time to say this effort would get you 20 basis points or not. But basically when we roll it all up, you know, even in a tough environment, we think we could grow 3% to 4% comp NOI. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great, and then just one last question -- do you have an update on GAP and Limited and their strategy? Should we expect any store closures or a reduction in the size of their stores?
David Simon: Well, let me say Limited, just essentially Vickis and Bath & Body at this point, theyre actually growing, at least at Vickis, they are trying to grow their store size and -- so theres no real change there. And on an express, its spun out now on its own. Their actual results have been pretty good and I think they are -- its interesting now that its out of Limited. We are very excited about the prospects of that company going forward.  On The GAP, its early. We havent -- I personally have not met with the new CEO. I think thats obviously one of my goals here in the next few months, to get a better handle on the real estate. We are pretty well set on a real estate strategy for them through 08 and I think well be working on 09 here shortly. But not a material change in the 08 GAP plan for us. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. A lot of questions on store closings but Im just curious -- as you look out 2009, 2010, is it too soon to have a sense of the new store openings, or do we really have to wait until ICSC? What sort of early read are you seeing at this point in terms of tenants that are pulling back in terms of new store openings?
David Simon: Well, Rick can answer this as well. Ill just say that most of the feeling that we get is a little bit of a hunkering down but not a -- most of the retailers that we talk to are pretty bullish on their business, are pretty well capitalized. They understand that we are going through an economic cycle here. They are hunkering down for 08. It hasnt changed their long-term view on what they are able to do in 09 and 10.  So assuming we get back with some more economic growth in 09 and 10, I think well get back to the store openings that weve had historically, but thats more of a gut feel as opposed to specific data at this point.  But most of the retailers we are talking to understand these cycles happen and are pretty well capitalized and are just being extra cautious for 08. Rick, I dont know if you want to add anything. 
Richard S. Sokolov: The only thing that I would add to that is there are several retailers that really look at this as an opportunity. They are hoping that there will be a little increase in supply and they are approaching us now opportunistically saying I still have open to buys for 08, if youve got several spaces that open up, I want them. And there are a number of examples like that that we are working with that are going counter to that trend. 
David Simon: Thats a good point. A great example of that is like a J. Crew thats -- I mean, theyve called and said I want to know whos on the ropes, I want to look at the space. Abercrombie is in that spot, so I think thats a very good point. 
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs: And it sounds like its not going to come so much from bankruptcies -- is it more of a case of just tenants not renewing, so your renewal percentage drops this year?
David Simon: I think the biggest closings are going to be concepts where the tenant no longer wants to operate them. And for us right now, its like a demo with Pac Sunwear and the rest are kind of not a big -- the only real bankruptcy liquidation that we are dealing with thus far in a material way is Bombay, where we have 35 stores.  But you know, Talbots Kids & Mens is closing. Thats seven stores. Theyre going to be in good malls. Thats not a big issue, so most of it is really just concepts not working quite the way they wanted to and going from there.  The KB Toys, the Transworld Radio Shack, theyve been over a two- or three-year period kind of weaning down their portfolio and well always have a few of those. But I dont sense a huge change from historical closures on that. 
Stephen E. Sterrett: If you look at our top 50 or 100 tenant relationships, the risk of bankruptcy of any of those is quite frankly not very high right now. I mean, they are still in pretty good financial shape. I think we will always have some of the smaller tenants, just by the nature of the beast. But as we look out, I think bankruptcies will be relatively modest in 08. 
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and just on Mills, turning to that, could you provide -- is there any additional upside you are expecting in terms of occupancy from the value centers? And I guess as well, can you provide cap rates on the assets sold?
David Simon: Well, the two that we sold to Westfield were about a five cap rate, and thats -- so thats that. There are -- we feel very good -- we think well have about 5%-plus in the Mills EBITDA this year and primarily, thats a handful of better running of the portfolio, more efficiency, more lease-up, you know, bringing outlet tenants there with, given our relationships with those tenants through Chelsea. So its really across the board and better in terms of better performance. 
Stephen E. Sterrett: Id also say theres a significant opportunity to improve the occupancy in the regional malls side of the Mills. You know, those malls are $450 a foot malls. They kind of look and feel like ours but they are 400 basis points lower occupied than our overall portfolio is, so that will be clearly a point of focus in 08. 
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matthew Ostrower from Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Ostrower - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. I know in the past you guys would look at the B mall thing and didnt pick it up in terms of adding to your portfolio, but from your comments and looking at the public markets and for everything on the private markets, it sounds like the only -- looking at it today, which could change, it seems like the only really obvious place where you might be able to put some opportunistic money out is in the B and C mall arena. And I guess Im just wondering, based on how things keep evolving here, is there sort of a price that makes sense for you? Are you waiting for a price or have you really made a strategic decision here that those operations are too challenging and the fundamentals may be too challenging, so you are just not interested in that?
David Simon: No, I mean, we never get -- I never get too worried about B -- classifying malls, I frankly hate to classify malls A, B, or C. To me, its whether we can increase the cash flow and obviously what kind of return we would get based upon the price.  I dont think our strategy is going to change in terms of what weve done over the last several years, in terms of we want quality real estate. Now, if we think we can pick up a mall that people might think a B or C, but we think we can redevelop it and make it better real estate, and we can justify it on a risk-adjusted basis, well do it. But I dont think youll see us chase not such good real estate just to create short-term accretion. I think our strategy has been pretty consistent. Weve flirted with the idea but we felt at the end of the day we were going to chase not such great real estate and we didnt really want to do that.  Mills we felt, you know -- hey, look, they have had some real estate that wasnt great but we felt by and large, this was pretty good real estate in pretty good major markets and thats why we chased that deal.  Im rambling but the bottom line is I dont think our strategy will change given the environment today. 
Matthew Ostrower - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then just on Mills, if I read it right, it looked like the average rent on the traditional Mills assets came down a little bit in the quarter. Did you comment on that already?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Nothing remarkable there, Matt. That may be as much as anything, just a mix in terms of the space leasing, you know, because that includes boxes the size of the -- the lease activity could move it. Quite frankly, it could also be just us continuing to refine the data. I mean, as you might imagine, we took our first stab at the end of the third quarter. I would tell you we are 99.44% pure but give us a little wiggle room there. Theres nothing remarkable going on in that portfolio. 
David Simon: You might -- I mean, I would just say you might have, since you have 17, you may have a little more volatility in those numbers quarter by quarter, just because as Steve said, you do have boxes in there that are included in those numbers and if you sign two or three boxes in one quarter versus the next, youre going to get some volatility. 
Matthew Ostrower - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and finally just on the impairment charge, did that all flow through the way that you guys had projected in the press release that you put out?
Stephen E. Sterrett: It did, pretty much. I think the press release, Matt, we said it was $0.11 a share. It ended up rounding up to $0.12, but it was a $55 million gross charge and then in our tax line in the P&L, theres a $20 million benefit against that charge, so the nets 35 on an SPG LP basis. 
David Simon: And you only see the benefit on the tax line of 12-something because we have a tax expense. 
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yeah, we do have a tax expense on --
Matthew Ostrower - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Louis Taylor with Deutsche Bank.
Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. Can you guys just talk a little bit about your development, or redevelopment starts in 08 and what do you expect for volumes and give us a sense for -- in terms of mix, in terms of international/domestic, outlet center versus a redevelopment within the core mall portfolio?
David Simon: If I can turn to a page here, you may hear some rough numbers. Give me one second, unless Rick, you have it handy. 
Richard S. Sokolov: The ones that are under construction for delivery in 08 are going to be Hamilton Town Center in Noblesville, Houston Premium Outlets in Houston, , and Pure Park in Panama City. Those are the new developments that are coming online in 08 and all those are in the 8-K. 
David Simon: Let me do it this way, if I could -- we have our share -- again, this is our share -- of about $1.37 billion and so it is pretty specific here, but just to give you a sense, the regional malls are 611 -- we do it by platform and this does not include international, so -- but we do it by platform, so let me just walk you through it, if youre interested. 
Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank: David, I was actually looking for the new activity for 08 in terms of the additions to the pipeline in 08. Should we --
David Simon: Yeah, well, its pretty -- I mean, the pipeline is pretty much what we thought it was going to be, so its $1.37 billion domestic. Of the new starts, again this doesnt include -- this kind of goes over periods of time but we have $300 million in the premium outlet business new; in the mall business, about $100 million new; and the lifestyle centers, about 70 new. The balance of that is basically redevelopment in the mall portfolio, a little bit of capital dedicated to the Mills portfolio, and then we do have some asset intensification of about $50 million in terms of residential and hotel.
Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank: So this would be new activity to begin construction in 08? 
Stephen E. Sterrett: No, thats the total spend of everything, some of which will obviously start in 08 but some of which has been under construction and thats the 08 spend. 
Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Im not looking for the spend. Im looking for what new projects do you expect to add to the list this year, so -- 
David Simon: Its really in our 8-K. I mean, the best way to do that is go through the 8-K. The ones we may add that are not in there are Chelseas got two or three deals that are close to getting board approval and close to getting permitting approval. 
Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Okay, now, beyond the outlet center expansions that youve listed in the 8-K, are there many more opportunities within the outlet center portfolio to expand existing centers, say two to three years down the road?
David Simon: Yes. Rick, do you want to add to that?
Richard S. Sokolov: We are, just as weve created a number of expansions that really were not on the Chelsea radar screen before we started really focusing on how we can maximize returns, and out of -- from our start, weve expanded Orlando, weve expanded Las Vegas, and we are expanding [Camareo] and we are working now on looking at at least three other expansions and, as weve pointed out previously, even it the Chelsea new product, we are now building in much larger pieces of land and master planning expansions. So literally right now, Rio Grande is already expanding, and it is open a year. Philadelphia Premium Outlets was opened in November and it has its phase two expansion opening in March and weve got additional expansions built into Houston, another expansion for Rio Grande, that are also building off of just the new product thats coming online.  So theres going to be considerable activity in that portfolio adding space. 
David Simon: Let me also just see if I can round up the conversation here; you know, when we announced our $5 billion development or redevelopment pipeline, when we did that, we probably spent -- you know, by the end of 08, we will have spent probably $2.5 billion of that. And were -- some of it on the, is kind of pushed out, like a site in Houston, we had a site in North Atlanta that we dont think is ready. You know, we pushed a few deals out. I will tell you that Chelsea opportunities have probably increased so the balance of that $5 billion is still pretty good and we are more than halfway through that. But we still anticipate kind of the $1 billion a year. Again, it ebbs and flows but about $1 billion a year and Id say were well over half of that done. 
Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Great. Okay, then, one just small follow-up question for Steve with regard to the expense recoveries. Was there much in the way of capital recovery in 07?
Stephen E. Sterrett: There was, yeah. And you know, capital is a little bit of a wasting asset as you convert to fixed CAM. Now, some of that was not actual capital spending but it was capital that had been hung up on our balance sheet as deferred and we were able to accelerate the recovery of that, while we are still fairly substantially pro rata. So not a meaningful number and [a little bit of it]. 
Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Spector with UBS. 
Jeffrey Spector - UBS: Good morning. In terms of 4Q sales, can you discuss how the different regions performed and maybe the different retail categories as well?
David Simon: For fourth quarter? Is that -- I didnt hear your first part. 
Jeffrey Spector - UBS: Please, yes, fourth quarter. 
David Simon: Well, its interesting. I think generally, as we reported it was flat, so its pretty consistent with Midwest, which is relatively flat. We did see some softness in Florida and California, more than what we would have thought, ex whatever assets are that cater to the international tourist. And I guess thats really the color. I mean, Florida, if we had a regional mall in Florida that caters to the general marketplace, not the tourist, it was either flat or maybe even down a tick or two.  Orange County was pretty soft. Midwest has been flat. I think the Midwest has been flat for I dont know how many years, other than Indianapolis seems to be the best of the Midwest.  But generally, the thing about our numbers, our averages mean something because we have such a vast portfolio. I would say generally flat now and with respect to the specific retailers, you know, there were some shining spots in each category but there was no great category at all when it came to results, other than Id say the electronic guys seem to have the best performance.  Rick, I dont know if you want to add anything. 
Richard S. Sokolov: The only other ones that -- I agree totally with the characterization. Accessories were also a little stronger. Juniors were a little stronger. Books and records continue to be a little weaker and the womens -- I dont know how to phrase it politically correct, but the mature womens segment was softer. 
Jeffrey Spector - UBS: Okay, and then just a follow-up to Matts question about B malls and where implied pricing, what the cap rates are for those malls right now. Is there any institutional demand to partner with you? Previously you had talked about a B mall fund, whereas that -- in this market, is that -- 
David Simon: There is demand to partner for us with, you know, on new deals. Its always a little more challenging on existing assets because we always have to confront the issue, why are you selling X of this, but in terms of new deals, new opportunities, we always have interest to partner with us. I mean, look at the Mills as a great example of that.  So that hasnt change. Its a little tougher when we are trying to sell maybe half an asset but we really dont do that. I dont really like that strategy. If were not comfortable operating it, were better off just selling the asset, so we dont do that as a routine. When we do bring in partners, they tend to be for new opportunities. 
Jeffrey Spector - UBS: Can you comment on how much of your 08 leasing is completed at this point?
David Simon: Rick, do you want to do that?
Richard S. Sokolov: Yeah, we are -- as a matter of fact, we are meeting next week with all of our regional teams to focus and I was going through that. We today are probably 65% to 75% through the renewal process and were now working on frankly starting on 09 and weve been pushing our leasing group to be more proactive in anticipating perhaps where there may be some renewals that wont come through, so we have other tenants already lined up that we can move in that space with a minimum of downtime. 
Jeffrey Spector - UBS: Last question -- can you just update on domain and how thats doing?
David Simon: Its basically 100% leased, doing about $500 a foot. And we are building -- I dont know why we ever called it Building P, but we call it Building P -- were building Building P. It should open in the fall and we will be starting Domain 2 here in the next month or two for an 09 delivery. 
Jeffrey Spector - UBS: Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from Merrill Lynch.
Steve Sakwa - Merrill Lynch: Steve, if we think about your normalized number for 2007, its a little over $6. I know you mentioned the lease termination fees would maybe be cut in half. Is there anything else we should think about that was sort of non-recurring? I know you had the mezzanine loan to the Mills joint venture and I dont know from a profitability standpoint how much that contributed but maybe outside of those two things, is there anything else non-recurring?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, youre right in that Arizona obviously and the $20 million-ish of lease terminations from the department store deals that we did, there was probably an accelerated amount of fee income, primarily related to the financings that we did around the Mills transactions, so that would be non-recurring.  You know, the only other thing thats a nuance Steve is that for the first half -- actually, the first three months of our loan, the mezzanine loan, we did not have an ownership interest in the Mills. If youll recall, we made that loan before we closed the transaction and under the accounting rules, we could recognize 100% of the profit where, post closing because we own half the enterprise, we could only recognize half the profit. And thats probably $10 million.  So I mean, theres -- but those would be the big items. 
Steve Sakwa - Merrill Lynch: So just to be clear, so $10 million of earnings in 07 that wont recur because of a change in ownership -- 
Stephen E. Sterrett: Thats correct. 
Steve Sakwa - Merrill Lynch: A decrease in lease termination fees, and then an acceleration of other fee income from the Mills deal. 
David Simon: Part of that you are going to offset because you are going to have a full year of Mills and well have a full year of running the business, which is profitable. So the net net of that probably is pretty close but we probably -- I mean, we can give you specifically. We dont have that at our fingertips, but its probably going to make it a little bit lumpy quarter by quarter but from a year-end, its probably going to be pretty close because well have the business longer, well run it longer, and that may offset some of the extraordinary fee income that we got from the transaction. 
Steve Sakwa - Merrill Lynch: I guess the reason Im asking is if you take the 602, which I think would be sort of a normalized number, and you look at the low end of your guidance, its about 4% growth. And given your expectations for NOI growth this year, even though you are cautious on retail sales, and given your leverage profile, one would think youd get higher growth than 4%, so theres clearly something thats pulling that growth rate down at the low end. 
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, you certainly have to back out the $20 million of lease terminations that we got in the first quarter of 07. Those are as non-recurring as the Arizona write-off was. 
David Simon: Well, if you take that out, then you are back to the -- 
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yeah, youre basically back to 6% at the low end and 9% at the -- 
Steve Sakwa - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then David, I guess from a big picture, youve obviously been I think appropriately cautious, but the NOI forecast that youve put out there I guess are more optimistic than maybe your tone would be about sales. And is that just because its sort of, if you will, the spillover effect that happens from all the things that you did in 07 that just kind of carry over? And the real impact of this slow down, to the extent it continues, would really be felt more in 09?
David Simon: Well, look, the mall product is very resilient, so even in a -- if we get into a terrible recession, then thats a different issue right now. But we are thinking its recession like, but the mall product is very resilient and we are pretty confident that we ought to be able to grow our business 3% to 4%, even in a tough economic environment.  Now, if it gets to where we are in a deep recession, all bets are off for us and anybody else. But I dont think were going to change our tune in 09 given what we think the environment is now. If it gets worse, you know, maybe but theres ways were going to run the business so that we can create that kind of cash flow growth. 
Steve Sakwa - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then one last question on international -- can you remind me where you are and sort of your thought process on Brazil? 
David Simon: We think Brazil -- were not really active in Brazil. We think -- what Ive seen, some of the recent deals, we think its -- listen, the growth there is pretty interesting but we think clearly youre better -- on a risk-adjusted basis, to put capital in there at the valuations that are talking about now and you contrast that to the U.S., the U.S. is a no-brainer. And I frankly feel that way in most developing countries right now because I think the growth expectations in a lot of the developing countries is probably overstated right now.  So I think its a no-brainer in terms of putting capital there versus the U.S. Id bet on the U.S. right now. 
Steve Sakwa - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Fick with Stifel, Nicolaus. 
David M. Fick - Stifel, Nicolaus: Id like to circle back on the releasing spread question. Im a little confused about how the lifestyle center openings and releasing affect that number and pull it down from a run-rate that had been more like 23% to 14% in one quarter. 
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, David, if youll recall, and weve talked about it several times on recent calls, we are doing a fair bit of redevelopment of some of the old Federated boxes. And several of those came online this year fourth quarter. A lot of that was big box activity and those are 20,000, 30,000 square foot boxes where instead of getting $40 or $45 a foot, were getting $20 or $25 a foot. Still a good reutilization of the space, certainly more profitable than the original department store, but if you do enough of them, and there was 600,000 square feet of that stuff in the fourth quarter alone, thats enough to pull your spread down -- 
David Simon: Yeah, and if you look at -- if you look at -- you know, again, quarter to quarter, youve got to be careful. I think year-end is a pretty good number but you look at, we were at 17.6% last year, 20.7%. When you take out 17.1 in 04 and when you take out the boxes that Steve pointed to, youre at 18%, so its right on line.  Just to give you an example, we did a -- I dont want to quote the rent here, because hopefully its a good rent, but we did a, like an AMC at Castleton Square Mall, well, thats well below our average but its also 62,000 square feet, so we thought it would be appropriate just to subtract that out to give you a better sense of what the number is, and we did several crate and barrels at Boca Town Center. We did a crate and barrel at Burlington, so that just happened to be a lot of fourth quarter openings. No big deal in terms of -- 
David M. Fick - Stifel, Nicolaus: And youre using the same box, so youre not -- Im just wondering why its even seen as re-leasing a development. 
Stephen E. Sterrett: David, its not the same box. This is tearing down a department store and building an outward facing lifestyle component to a center. 
David M. Fick - Stifel, Nicolaus: Thats what I assume, and so I dont know why it would even be consider re-leasing I guess in terms of the -- 
Stephen E. Sterrett: Because the way we look at re-leasing, which I think is pretty comparable with the way most of the industry looks at it, is what was the sum total of all your expirations and terminations and compare it to the sum total of all the space that you lease.  We do look at it, David, on a comparable space basis and we look at only the leasing activity that we did in 07 and go back and look at what that identical expiring rent was for that same population of spaces. That number was over $9 a foot in 2007. 
David M. Fick - Stifel, Nicolaus: And as a percentage?
Richard S. Sokolov: That number is available but we dont really post it because --
Stephen E. Sterrett: The percentage was like 23%, 24%. It was ,more than $9.50 a foot.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus : That seems hugely relevant, thank you. David could you comment on your exposure to Sears in gross and where you see the process right now as it related to you?
David Simon: When you say what our total base rent is from Sears?
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus : Yes.
David Simon: Is that what youre asking?
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus : Yes. And strategically, how you are viewing them right now as a tenant?
David Simon: Look , weve had an under-performing Sears for several, several years. I mean we do think theyre very smart people so we are optimistic that they will turn the business around. Our financial exposure is --
Stephen E. Sterrett:   About $13 million a year in base minimum.
David Simon: I mean its not huge, thats $0.04 a share.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Its spread over, I dont know what percentage of the 150 stores we have that have leases, but its clearly spread over a large number of stores.
David Simon: We have a good working relationship with them, we get things done, development approvals and whatnot. But we are not privy to their internal strategy. I mean they keep it close to the vest like they do with everybody else. So wed like to know more but frankly we just dont.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus : Finally, you didnt buy back any stock in fourth quarter, what are you assuming about this year and whats your current posture on your share repurchase?
David Simon: Thats a good question. Right now we have not modeled any stock buy back, we still have authorization to do it, but its not in our numbers. Obviously it would be accretive to do so. We feel right now given the world that we want to keep our powder dry to be opportunistic but we dont rule changing out, changing that view on a day-by-day basis. So weve got their authorization. What we did we in the fourth quarter was tumultuous.  I dont want to be one of these guys that read I bought the stock at $100 and its now trading at $80 which a lot of corporate America did frankly, so were going to be conservative there. Our authorization is serious and to the extent that we think we should do it, we will do it.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Michael Mueller  JP Morgan.
Greg Stuart  JP Morgan: I just had a couple of questions. The first one is relating to guidance I noticed the range seems pretty widened. I wanted to know what key concerns impacting the sensitivity of that range that would probably make you come out on the low end versus the high end?
David Simon: Well look, I mean the world is a little wacky right now so we tend to be when we do our guidance at the beginning of the year, we tend to be conservative. We also tend to narrow that range as we get through some of the operating months. But were taking the same strategy weve taken over the last few years; nothing has changed.  When we roll up our budget, LIBOR had not materially moved. There is a lot of volatility in todays business world so we felt like a higher or wider range was appropriate given the extreme volatility thats occurring with the economy, with job growth, with interest rates, with capital availability, et cetera. So thats really reflected in the wideness of the range.  At the end of the day, were very comfortable with our business and where were positioned and well operate accordingly.
Greg Stuart  JP Morgan: Could you just run over quickly for me what CapEx expectations were for 08?
Stephen E. Sterrett:   As David mentioned earlier were going to spend just a little bit over $1 billion in new developments, redevelopments here in the U.S. I think our spend internationally is a couple hundred million dollars. In terms of just the operating CapEx, it wont be much different than weve seen in prior years; I think in 07 our share of operational CapEx looks like it was about $175 million and our tenant allowances were about $120 million, I think. So youre about $300 million in total I think thats probably a fair number for 08 as well.
Greg Stuart  JP Morgan: Bigger picture, as you look at the world what will have to happen for you to push back on your developments? What do you see for tenants to pull back in 08, 09? Development pipeline?
David Simon:   I tell you with what we have right now in the pipeline, we feel pretty confident were going to go ahead and execute that. There are a couple that are like, for instance, were going through the approval process on [Topley] to expand the retail as well as build a residential tower there. Thats the one deal that we might be somewhat sensitive too in terms of timing but on the other hand, it is really assuming its a two-and-a-half, three year build its really, given the quality of the real estate, youre really talking about what its going to look like in 11 or 12.  So I dont think theres much thats going to deter us with existing pipeline based on 08, 09. Were very well capitalized. We have our plan very well put together. Again on the margin, a few deals here and there but I would say the one that jumps out at me that were very sensitive to the market would be the residential tower in [Topley]. But again, thats a judgment call in 12 or 11 depending on when or if we get the approvals we need to build it.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets : Good morning, guys. Are you seeing any concessions, any retailers asking for concessions from in-place retailers? I guess Im looking for guidance, who arent going bankrupt or necessarily closing stores but are looking for some kind of concession?
David Simon:   We always deal with that, I mean theres always some retailers that do that. Nothing out of the ordinary, nothing, nothing -- and I underline emphatically -- nothing like what we had to deal with in early 90s, mid 90s, nothing even close to that. Theres always going to be a few tenants that are doing the horse trade on that stuff but nothing out of the ordinary and nothing, nothing like what weve dealt with in prior economic slowdown.  Rick, do you want to add to that?
Richard S. Sokolov:   I think thats right. We have not seen anyone coming in saying we want a wholesale renegotiation of our rent and I think one of the things to underline is our retailers generally their balance sheet -- notwithstanding their stock prices -- are really very good. I think that we really are not particularly seeing that at all and its really just a case-by-case basis in ordinary course of business.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets : If you did get any of that, the mechanics of that would be that they would actually renegotiate the lease? Is that how that works or would you just let them not pay a month or?
David Simon:   We tend to say no first, okay. I dont want to give you my negotiating strategy over the phone. But really ultimately our decision is if we dont work with the tenant, whats the ramifications of that? Are they going to go into Chapter 11? Do we believe in the long-term viability of the tenant, in the relationship? That kind of goes through and there is no one pat answer other than we always start with no. 
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets : Okay thats fair. Thats good.  Second thing, do you guys have any thoughts on whats going on with the equity interest in the sector from private equity, from big pension funds? Any color on that?
Stephen E. Sterrett:   Do you mean on a direct investment basis Rich?
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets : Yes I realize Steve that thats not so much what you guys are doing but have you got any feel for how many times your phone rings with requests or any color on it?
Stephen E. Sterrett: The answer is a lot. I mean I think it has always been a product that the institutional quality investor has very much liked and their interest tends to be skewed towards the A level assets but demand for space or demand to own the higher quality assets is very strong. The phone rings a lot because quite frankly I think they all recognize they need another operator/partner because of the intensity of the management of the assets.  But its an asset class that have always been very highly valued by the institutional community.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets : So you have not seen that slow as a result of whats been going on in the broader market?
Stephen E. Sterrett:   No. Obviously as David mentioned earlier, we dont have a lot of product but there is high interest out there.
David Simon:   And I would just say that the interest tends to be for new opportunity just because that creates a level playing field. So if we were to go buy a new mall or new company X, I think the interest on those kinds of deals is extremely high and unabated because then you can underwrite it together. Everybody is on the same page etcetera versus if we were to sell a half interest on the existing asset there is some concern as to why we would do that. We certainly dont need to do that from a capital point of view.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets : Okay, very good. Thanks and then the last thing is the other subcategory under other income, was a bit higher this time Steve, any thoughts on that?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Rich, I did mention that there was a little bit of fee income that was one of the drivers, financing fee related. Thats pushing that number up because when you compare it to 06 obviously there was none. Thats probably the only thing thats really remarkable in there Rich. Simons rate of interest continues to grow and so to the extent that there is a component of income in there and some of that flows through that line item thats added to some of the growth. Those are the two biggest drivers of the business.
Operator:   Your last question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors : Question on the lifestyle centers, Id love to get your opinion on how you think lifestyle centers are going to fare in a recessionary type situation? It seems like the retailers that you see so commonly at all lifestyle centers are the ones that are reporting already some pretty ugly same-store sales comps and when you think about the product type that they are in, the mature womens apparel and the national restaurant chains etcetera, what is your outlook on how lifestyle centers might fair in a recession? Is there much of a difference between say the lifestyle centers that are attached to existing mall properties versus the standalone lifestyle centers that a private guy mightve built across the street or down the road?
David Simon:   Thats a good question let me take the last first. Weve had great success in adding, doing that two-for, which is adding some of those tenants and book stores and restaurants, popping it out on the mall. Theres a lot of, I hate using the word synergy, but there is just a lot of good that comes from it. It reinvigorates the mall, it gives the customer what it wants, so its really a nice thing to do. It seems to work for the tenant. It seems to work for the developer. So that seems to be continuing on unabated.  Obviously some of those tenants are being more cautious as you pointed out because of the macro thing. We have not been a big believer, other than there have been some that have been good, but we have never really been a big believer in the cutesy lifestyle center that has a couple hundred thousand square feet. We do think they long-term viability issues. The bigger ones, the ones that we build and some of our colleagues you have to look at those as a mall frankly without a roof. Again, that ends up being is it good real estate? Does it have the right tenant mix? Does it have the right anchors?  We do think and we should ask Rick as well, but I do think that the cutesy ones that do rely certainly on the, as Rick phrased it, the more mature women are certainly going to fare poor in this environment until those retailers turnaround because thats what drawing the customer there in the first place. They dont have the diversity of mix to draw that customer so those will suffer significantly. Rick, what do you think?
Richard S. Sokolov:   I agree totally. I think the way to think about a lifestyle center is whats its franchise value? As David pointed out, the properties weve built that are open air are basically anchored by the department stores, restaurants, theaters, bookstores and are upwards of a million square feet. Theyve created a franchise and a market share thats significant in their market  Where you have a project that doesnt have that market share and franchise value, I think its going to be much more subject to losing its market share because there are many less reasons for any shopper to visit that particular location when you have a narrower mix and a narrower number of offerings and less square footage.
David Simon:   I would say the only other point is its clear that at least what were seeing is that there are a number that are being built that are going to have a hard time leasing. None of ours of course, and a lot thats been on the drawing board I think obviously in the current environment both from a capital point of view mostly but also from a macroeconomic view, I think theyre going to have a very hard time getting off the ground.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors : David on your last call in response to a question regarding the state of the economy and retailer bankruptcies you said we actually embrace these kinds of economic changes. Thats when weve done some of our best work. What did you mean by that? Do lifestyle centers perhaps represent the opportunity this time around?
David Simon: Well I think they could. Theres a few that again we would want them to have a certain critical mass. Because again I think generally the 200,000 square foot ones were not that enamored with long term.  But they could and I think simply we have always conservatively financed our growth since being public. Weve been criticized over how we did it, but thats fine. Thats what being public is all about.  When times are challenging is when weve done some good work. Look, its challenging out there. I would rather have no bankruptcies, I would rather have no leases turn over but on the other hand thats when you can make some hay and thats where great wealth in our industry has been created either through development or buying at the right price. We tend to be able to buy at the right price when few can buy.
Operator:   This concludes our Q&A session. Ill now turn the call back over to Mr. Simon for closing remarks.
David Simon: Thanks everyone for your interest and I look forward to talking to you over the upcoming months.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-29 11:56:00) =====
Executives: Shelly Doran - Vice President, InvestorRelations David Simon - Chief Executive Officer and Director Richard S. Sokolov - President, Chief Operating Officer andDirector Stephen E. Sterrett - Chief Financial Officer, ExecutiveVice President
Analysts: Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Christy McElroy - Banc of America Securities  Jeffrey Spector - UBS Securities Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch Jonathan Litt - Citigroup  Paul Morgan - Friedman Billings Ramsey Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities Matthew Ostrower - Morgan Stanley Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the thirdquarter 2007 Simon Property Group earnings conference call. (OperatorInstructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host fortodays call, Ms. Shelly Doran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Pleaseproceed, Madam. 
ShellyDoran: Welcome to the Simon Property Group third quarter 2007earnings conference call. Please be aware that statements made during this callthat are not historical may be deemed forward-looking statements. Actualresults may differ materially from those indicated by forward-lookingstatements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to ourfilings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a detailed discussionof these risks and uncertainties.  Acknowledging the fact that this call may be webcast forsome time to come, we believe it is important to note that todays callincludes time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of todaysdate, October 29, 2007.  The companys quarterly supplemental information package wasfiled earlier this morning as a Form 8-K. This filing is available via mail ore-mail and it is posted on the Simon website in the investor relations sectionunder financial information, quarterly supplemental packages.  Participating in todays call will be David Simon, Chairmanand Chief Executive Officer; Rick Sokolov, President and Chief OperatingOfficer; and Stephen Sterrett, Chief Financial Officer. Now I will turn thecall over to Mr. Simon. 
David Simon: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I will justtake a few moments at this time to provide comments on the results for thequarter and recent activities, and then we will open the call up for yourquestions. Third quarter diluted FFO was up 12.3% over the prior year to $1.46per share. Positive factors contributing to the quarter include strongportfolio operating metrics in all our domestic platforms, strong operatingresults from our European investments and our premium outlet centers in Japan,and the accretive impact of our acquisition of the Mills.  You should also note that our 12.3% FFO growth was achieveddespite the fact that our share of land sale gains was $7.8 million lower thanlast year at this time and our share of the provision for credit losses wasactually $5 million higher in the third quarter of 07 compared to the thirdquarter of 06. In addition, during the third quarter of 06, we recognized aone-time, $3.7 million gain related to the sale of our holding in a technologyventure by Chelsea.  Comparable sales were up 3.6% to $491 per square foot in ourdomestic regional mall portfolio. Sales increased 8% to $499 per square foot inour U.S. premium outlet center portfolio. Comparable regional NOI, mall NOI was5.6% up for the quarter, higher than both the first and second quarters of2007. This is primarily the result of strong operating results.  Comparable NOI growth for our premium outlet portfoliocontinues to be strong at 9.4% for the quarter and the nine months. Occupancyin the mall portfolio increased 20 basis points over the year earlier period to92.7%. Our premium outlet portfolio remains effectively fully occupied at99.6%. Releasing spreads remain very strong. The mall portfolio is $8.85 persquare foot, representing a 23% increase. Releasing spreads for the premiumoutlet portfolio was $7.53, representing a 31.8% increase and we are well intodealing with our 2008 expirations.  The general economic health of our tenants remains strongthrough the end of the quarter. We lost only 53,000 square feet ofoccupancy to bankruptcy for the first nine months of 2007 versus 612,000 square feet lostin the year earlier period.  We opened three new international centers during thequarter, Kobe-Sanda premium outlets in Japan on July 5th; Porta di Roma, thelargest shopping mall in Italy, opened in Rome on July 26th; and Ciniselloshopping center opened in Milan on September 27th. Construction continues onsix new U.S. projects, two community lifestyle centers, three premium outletcenters, and a 950,000 square foot open air regional center, as well as twoshopping centers in Italy and five in China.  On July 5th, we completed the sale of a portfolio of fivenon-core assets in Poland. Our share that we repatriated back to the U.S. fromthe sale exceeded $121 million. We would calculate an IRR for you for thetransaction, but since we had no equity in those centers, we cant come up witha number. I think this is a great example of the value we have created throughour international development activities.  I just want to make a note on the mall numbers, they dontinclude any impact from the Mills. So thats just strictly the mall portfoliowithout the Mills malls as well.  As we have grown our business, we have maintained theintegrity of our balance sheet, as evidenced by our A-minus A3 ratings, thehighest investment grade ratings among U.S. [retes].  We believe it is critical to be positioned at all times to accesscapital in multiple forms. In these challenging credit markets, the strategycontinues to pay off, as evidenced by our ability to execute two significantcapital market transactions at favorable terms.  On August 22nd, we syndicated a senior loan facility for theMills Limited Partnership. The facility was initially closed for $925 millionin June of 2007 but due to strong demand, the facility was increased to $1.025billion, including a $50 million revolving credit facility. The facilityinterest rate is LIBOR plus 125.  And on October 4th, we implemented the $500 millionaccordion feature of our revolving corporate credit facility, increasingcapacity of our revolver at our credit facility up to $3.5 billion. The baserate on this facility is currently LIBOR plus 37.5 basis points.  As a result of our strong performance and confidence in ourbusiness strategy, today we announced that we expect to achieve at least thehigh-end of our previously updated guidance of $5.83 to $5.88 per share for2007 diluted FFO. I remind you that our original 2007 guidance issued back inJanuary was a range of $5.70 to $5.80 per share. With that said, were now ready to open the call up forquestions, Operator, so we are pleased to begin the Q&A session. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line ofJay Habermann of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jonathan Habermann -Goldman Sachs: Good morning, everyone. I guess David or Rick here, can yougive us some thoughts just on Mills in terms of your leasing to date? And Iguess the strategy, especially as you head into the end of the year?
David Simon: I think its safe to say that weve had some impact onMills. Not a huge impact, because we took it over, as you know, in the spring.So were optimistic were going to have a significant impact in the future. ButI think the results of 07 from Mills ultimately will have marginal impact butnot a material impact, just given the nature of how long it takes to lease andopen up space.  I think weve had a relatively big impact on charting thefuture strategy of a number of the centers and the redevelopment opportunities,outlining those, coming up with a game plan. But I would think that 08 reallyis going to be the year where we are going to see the impact that well have ona number of the assets. Some will take longer but its safe to say that 07,weve had marginal positive impact but not a lot. 
Jonathan Habermann -Goldman Sachs: Okay, and you mentioned I guess 53,000 square feet interms of bankruptcies year-to-date. Any sense of how you anticipate theupcoming holiday shopping season and implications for next year?
David Simon: Well, look, I think in our last call, we threw a little bitcaution to the wind and we continue to throw a little bit of that. Theres alot of economic uncertainty out there. Well have to see. Our properties arewell-positioned. They are high quality, high quality tenants, but it would benave for us to suggest that we wont have some -- there wont be some impactin terms of whats going on in the economy for us.  Now remember, percentage rents arent a huge part of ourbusiness. They are a little bit higher at the Chelsea level because they have anumber of the anchors that do straight, percentage rent deals. But look, thereis caution to the wind economically.  We actually embrace these kinds of economic changes. Thatswhen weve done some of our best work, so well just have to see how the nextfew months transpires. 
Jonathan Habermann -Goldman Sachs: Okay, last question for me; in terms of just expendituresinternationally, can you give us a sense of just how much you are thinkingabout spending over the next several years in terms of new developmentoverseas, whether its Chinaor Europe?
David Simon: Very hard to quantify, other than whats in the hopperthats laid out in our 8-K, primarily because China, we are going to build thefive and take kind of a step back and see how those are resulting. Japan andSouth Korea, just on the outlet side, I think we have a good handle that wethink over the next few years, well add more, two or three more to SouthKorea, perhaps two or three more to Japan, but thats still -- theres stillnothing imminent in terms of whats going to happen on the construction side.  And then in Europe, primarily through Simon Ivanhoe, werestill awaiting various approvals to construct some great high quality productbut the approval system in France is taking a little bit longer.  I think weve laid out a pretty good plan in Italy. Wevegot a great franchise in Italy. We have a handful of projects through 10. Werealso looking at a handful of other projects.  So we expect development to continue but beyond what we putin the 8-K, well just have to wait and see how those transpire as well. 
Jonathan Habermann -Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of ChristyMcElroy with Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
Christy McElroy -Banc of America Securities: Good morning, guys. Just following up on Jays question, doyou see the potential for closing that 400 basis point occupancy gap betweenyour portfolio and the Mills regional malls?
David Simon: Between the malls and the outlet business?
Christy McElroy -Banc of America Securities: No, between your mall portfolio and the Mills regional mallportfolio, in terms of what you see as the frictional occupancy in the Millsportfolio. 
David Simon: I would hope so. 
Christy McElroy -Banc of America Securities: And do you see that next year? You talked about someprogress being made next year. 
David Simon: I think like anything, it will take a little bit longer thanyou want it to take. I think we should make progress next year but I dont rememberexactly where we had budgeted. Weve gone through the budgets on those. I dontremember exactly where we budgeted for the malls that the Mills owned. But Ithink well bridge at least half the gap is my gut.  We also have a couple that are in the midst of majorredevelopments, so lets take Southdale as an example. We expect over 08 tocreate a major redevelopment vision for that property, so there may be someleasing that we wont be doing because were in the process of coming up withthat plan. Del Amo is another example, might fall into that category.  So there are a couple there that may make it look a littlebit lower than really what it is, just because we are going through theredevelopment process. But I would think over the long haul, there is no reasonnot to anticipate that we would get it up to where we are. The centers do $450a foot on average, so we dont see any reason why we cant get it up to thatlevel. 
Christy McElroy -Banc of America Securities: Okay, great. Thats helpful. And then just quickly, what wasthe average price on the shares that you bought back during the quarter? Andhave you repurchased any additional shares in October?
Stephen E. Sterrett: The shares we bought were at $86.25, and weve not boughtany since the end of the quarter. 
Christy McElroy -Banc of America Securities: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of JeffreySpector of UBS. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Spector - UBSSecurities: Good morning. Can you comment on 08 at this point?
David Simon: Well, we expect it to be a good year. We will work our tailsoff to make it a good year. But we intend to -- you know, were in the midst ofour finalizing our budget. We spent really November fine-tuning it, and wenormally announce it, what our internal budget is, some time in January. Wellstay with that program. 
Jeffrey Spector - UBSSecurities: What are some of the latest comments that tenants aremaking?
David Simon: Well, I dont -- look, I think September and October havebeen slow sales months for sure overall. Some of it in terms of our retailersattribute it to the warm weather, some of it may be the economic uncertaintythat exists in our country today. But so far, its safe to say the vastmajority of our retailers have not changed their plans in terms of storeopenings for 08 and their view on their future performance.  So its business as usual across the board. Theres always acouple of retailers that have a tough business model that they are working through,but I would say generally its business as usual, even though sales forSeptember and October have not met their expectations. 
Jeffrey Spector - UBSSecurities: Okay, and just last question; can you provide an update onDomain and any latest thoughts on mixed used projects?
Richard S. Sokolov: Frankly, we were just down in Domain, and when you walkthrough there, it is very vibrant. The addition of the residential componentand there will be a hotel component, an office component, provides a much morevibrant environment. The restaurants are all open at Domain and on a Wednesdaynight, were fully filled with people extending our shopping hours and to theextent that we can bring in these kinds of elements on a basis that makes senseeconomically and complete the environment that we are creating, its somethingwere continuing to look at and we have a number of others in the pipeline.  The ones that have opened so far for occupancy, which areDomain and Firewheel and South Park in Charlotte, are all leasing up inaccordance with their pro forma and in most cases, at higher rents than webudgeted because they really are presenting a relatively unique environment ineach of those markets. 
Jeffrey Spector - UBSSecurities: Great. Thank you. 
David Simon: Ill just -- Shelly had this in and I took it out, but inAustin, you know, its kind of unique because we did have our board meetingdown there last week. You can see the breadth of the company in Austin.  For instance, we did the high-end Domain, wonderfullyexecuted development anchored by Neiman Marcus, as Rick mentioned, with officeand apartments and the high-end tenants. We have Barton Creek, a traditional,fantastic enclosed regional mall. Lakeline, which is a nice suburban mall, wedid a higher end power center up in Georgetown, North Austin on I-35, which isanchored by Kohls and Target, and we did our outlet center there as well. Weown some other property that weve -- as well and it kind of gives you thedepth and breadth of the organization to be able to execute all reasonably wellall the various different products.  And on Domain, well be starting in early 08, Domain II,which will be about another 500,000 square feet of shops. Well be finishing Building P in08, which is a pad associated with Domain I, and we also anticipate expandingthe premium outlet center in Round Rock. 
Jeffrey Spector - UBSSecurities: Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidtwith Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Craig Schmidt -Merrill Lynch: Thank you. The focus on the international outlets, will thatremain in Asia or do you see any other opportunities for some premium outletbusinesses?
David Simon: Craig, I think long-term, I dont know what that meansanymore, but we would anticipate having at some point a presence in Europe. We stillare sorting through exactly how we are going to execute that but I think itsan objective that we have. Obviously we are going to do it on a basis where wethink we can add value, and if we cant do that, we wont. But its clearly anobjective that we have, is to have a premium outlet presence in Europe over thelonger term, medium term to longer term. 
Craig Schmidt -Merrill Lynch: Is zoning the primary hurdle, or --
David Simon: I think its more organizationally, you know, justdedicating the resources. I would put that -- to get the right to build inEurope is a real headache. Were not even at that point where we can use thatas an excuse. We had that problem in Simon Ivanhoe. Im hopeful were going tomake some progress there. So we are not at that point where we can blame it onthe zoning.  Im sure its a challenge, but we have a great presence inItaly that we think we can take advantage of with our premium outlet product. Ithink Central Europe is another example, as ultimately there being a time andplace for the outlet business. So I think its a matter of time. We have toaddress it organizationally, but hopefully well be able to do that. 
Craig Schmidt -Merrill Lynch: Great. Do you have a cap rate for the two non-core malls yousold in the U.S.?
David Simon: No. 
Craig Schmidt -Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Littof Citigroup. Please proceed.
Jonathan Litt -Citigroup : Hi, this is [Ambika] with John. Is the upside in Mills moreon the traditional mall side? And on the landmark assets, is it more on theoccupancy side or is there also some upside in rent?
David Simon: Ill let Rick answer too, but I would say I think the upsideis going to be across the board. Its going to be in development,redevelopment, boxes, marketing, the operational side, leasing, increasing theoccupancy, so I would view it across the board.  The portfolio is not perfect, as you know. The good news,the less perfect assets dont contribute a lot of material NOI to our venture,or FFO. But I would say the upside should be across the board in each and everyaspect of the business that we are in.
Richard S. Sokolov: And I would just pick up on something David mentionedearlier; we have put together for the entire venture portfolio, both malls andMills, very detailed strategic and tactical things to be done at each of theseproperties. And one easy example at Esplanade in New Orleans, weve beenoperating with a vacant Macys. Well, Macys has announced they are reopeningin the Fall of next year. We are adding several other anchors there and that isgoing to substantially reposition that asset and drive occupancy and rent.  Each of our groups have put together their plans forintegrating these properties into the programs we have already in Simon andthose things are ongoing. And we would expect and we have seen the beginningsof a contribution from all those efforts. 
Jonathan Litt -Citigroup : And then on the management income side, it basically doubledfrom 2Q to 3Q. Should we think of 3Q as the run-rate or were there one-timeitems in 3Q?
Richard S. Sokolov: No, Ambika, you should think of 3Q as the run-rate. 
Jonathan Litt -Citigroup : Okay, and then on the expense recovery rate, that alsoticked up as you previously had guided in the first half of the year, that itwas going to come up in the back half. Will it remain at this level for thefourth quarter and also into 2008?
Richard S. Sokolov: I would expect it to remain at that level for the fourthquarter. As you know, as we talked about on the call last quarter, some of thevariability in the recovery ratio is because of the timing of key capital. Aswe get into 08, clearly within quarters, we could see some variability again.But I suspect as you look at the full year 07, wed expect 08 to be at leastcomparable on a full-year basis with where we ended 07. 
Jonathan Litt -Citigroup : Okay, great. And my last question -- do you have anyguidance on gift card revenues in the fourth quarter, now that the timing ofrevenue recognition has changed?
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, the timing hasnt changed relative to where we werelast year. The timing changed as a result of our change in the program, whichwas back in I think late 05, early 06. We expect the card sales to be updouble-digits this year. I think we did about $515 million last year and wellbe in the high 500s, maybe to as high as $600 million this year. So I thinkyoud see a corresponding increase in the revenue growth in that 10% to 15%range. 
Jonathan Litt -Citigroup : Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan ofFBR. Please proceed. 
Paul Morgan - FriedmanBillings Ramsey: Good morning. In terms of -- youve been in the market,whether selling some of your non-core properties or with the Mills properties,and Im interested in what you are seeing since July, August, in terms of thenumber of bidders for B and C type properties and the spread between cap rateson those types of properties and at least what you think they might be for Asstill. 
David Simon: Let me go back to Craigs question a little bit. We have --I think its safe to say on a quality project, the cap rates havent moved inany material way, whether thats an enclosed mall or a community center oranything else.  And I think we are very close to selling two Mills malls, asyou know. Westfield disclosed the cap rates associated with those, which were-- I dont know, five-and-a-half or something, maybe a little less than that.  The ones that we sold just -- these arent perfect cap ratesbut it will give you a sense. I mean, like Boardman Plaza we sold was -- youknow, its not pretty real estate but I think we sold it around a seven caprate. University Mall, we were losing money and we sold it and Alton Square was-- its been a tough project for a number of years but my guess is at around anine cap rate. Now, thats a very small mall, so it did like $1.8 million ofNOI or $1.4 million, $1.5 million, somewhere in that range.  So that gives you a sense of -- you know, trades werehappening but I think its safe to say that if its quality asset like Westlandand Broward, theyre quality assets. I think in the mall side, youre still atthe five to five-and-a-half cap rates. 
Paul Morgan -Friedman Billings Ramsey: Are you less likely to go for more of those nines, or justkeep them, or do you think this is actually sort of a return to what might be amore reasonable spread between A and C, and theres no reason to expect -- noreason to wait?
David Simon: Well, I think Alton Square, I hate to say it, was going tobe a nine today or a nine a year ago. Were one of the few companies thatadmits that sometimes we dont have perfect real estate, and I dont think thechange in the credit markets or anything else really affected the -- weve beentrying to sell Alton for -- maybe this if the reverse think about it. Wevebeen trying to sell Alton for two years and in the height of the real estatemarket, we couldnt get anybody to buy it. We finally found somebody that willbuy it. I hope they do well. Im sure they will.  So what does that tell you about cap rates? I dont know. 
Paul Morgan -Friedman Billings Ramsey: My other question was theres been a lot of talk over thepast couple of years with lifestyle developments in terms of some of thelenient leases for a lot of kick-outs, or co-tenancies, and some people havespeculated than when sales slow, you might see the ramifications of that andopportunity for -- to get retailers back into malls who might have left forthese projects, or to see a lifestyle center, a new one, completely unwind.  Do you think weve gotten to the point where you might startto see that, or has it just not been a long enough period of soft sales?
David Simon: My gut is to tell you that the new stuff on the drawingboard, I dont have -- this is just my gut, but I would tell you that the newstuff on the drawing board I think is going to be very hard to execute. Andwithout naming names or retailers, but the four or five retailers that areinvolved in most every one of these, they are not like having really high comps-- in fact, [negative] comps, so the bargains they are going -- I mean, thedeals that they are going to drive to do those are going to be tougher andtougher in a very tough comp environment, and in some cases even in a negativecomp environment. I would think that construction lending will be a much higherstandard because theres not the immediate CMBS take-off for the constructionlender.  So I think the good news for us and other mall owners isthat the hypothetical lets get four tenants and give them a bunch of greatdeals and well do a lifestyle center are probably currently -- are probablygoing to go by the wayside, if I had to guess, just because I think its goingto be very tough to execute. So I think that gives us some opportunities, maybetheyll partner with some people.  Some of the ones that have been built may come undone andmaybe you can buy those at a decent price. We havent seen much of that yet butI think thats coming, so I think that world has changed significantly. 
Richard S. Sokolov: The only other thing I would add is that the biggestconstraint we have on adding those retailers to our properties is inventory, sowhen we are -- basically we took back all these Macys stores and are knockingthem down and adding square footage expansions on our existing properties,every one of those retailers is saying lets come and in fact, they are openingnow and you can see that in the 8-K. Weve got four or five of those projectsopening over the next literally two months. We just opened an expansion of St. Johns that opened last Friday, so one, when we havethe inventory thats well-located, the retailers want to come into thoseprojects. 
Paul Morgan -Friedman Billings Ramsey: Thanks. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnellywith Wachovia Securities. Please proceed.
Jeff Donnelly -Wachovia Securities: Good morning, guys. A question I guess for Rick and forSteve. Are you guys seeing a change in the pace or tenor of either financing orpending lease discussions around A and B properties? Can you break that down,if possible, I guess either by segment or geography?
Stephen E. Sterrett: You mean, Jeff, is it taking longer to get leases done?
Jeff Donnelly -Wachovia Securities: Yeah, or conversely, or -- exactly. Are tenants showing morehesitancy?
Stephen E. Sterrett: We have not seen, in the stable properties, the tenantdemand is consistent. Obviously in the best properties, we could addsubstantially more square footage and have more demand, but it is not aslacking of demand and the other in the B stable properties. 
Jeff Donnelly -Wachovia Securities: Steve, what about on the financing side? Are you seeingspreads widening much more aggressively there in the B assets?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, the C and B market, as you know, has been reallypretty much shut down for the last 60, 90 days. Its interesting because we areseeing more activity from the life companies now, which I think is just afunction of them having always been at the same pricing level and the marketkind of have come back to them, if youwill.  I mean, theres no question that it is at wider spreads toget a refinancing done on a property. There is a little bit of differentiationin quality but I would say most of what we are seeing now is just a reaction tothe repricing of risk in general and less specific to differences in quality ofassets. 
David Simon: I think, Jeff, the issue for A and B is not spread -- itsloan to value. The days of having a big, huge, over-refinance, at leastcurrently, is probably tougher to come by, obviously dependent upon how muchdebt you have on the existing property.  But the big issue, whether its A and/or B, is really loanto value right now. 
Jeff Donnelly -Wachovia Securities: I guess maybe a follow-up question on -- 
David Simon: Jeff, but let me just finish. I mean, that is what puts usat a competitive advantage because we dont just rely on that market. 
Jeff Donnelly -Wachovia Securities: Okay. Rick, to follow up on one of your comments then, doyou expect maybe the timeframe for projects and design or planning could bepushed back as a result of less robust retail interest there at the margin?
Richard S. Sokolov: We would certainly expect that some of the new projects thatare in various stages of pipeline are going to be delayed in their execution. 
Jeff Donnelly -Wachovia Securities: Particularly ones under construction today or just ones thatare more in the design stage?
Richard S. Sokolov: Once youre under construction, the people have to deal withit. Frankly, we have been more conservative in our approach to new ground upstuff and happily, our pipeline is pretty much being delivered over the nextsix months and is substantially leased. But to the extent we were inconstruction today for a brand new ground up project, I think that that wouldbe a much more conservative approach to that underwriting than would have beenthe case a year ago. 
David Simon: Let me just give you -- maybe I could encapsulate ourstrategy, Jeff, if I could, to take the moment. We are full steam ahead on ourredevelopment pipeline, because as you know, its very easy to underwrite. Youknow what you are trying to accomplish, you know what tenant demand is going tobe, and not only do you add value from the redevelopment but you add value fromthe existing asset. And thats a huge program. Its $3 billion to $4 billion.It will increase with the Mills, both the Mills and the malls from the Mills aswe sort through those opportunities out.  Nothing from our point of view has really changed as we lookout in the future. Our new development on Chelsea, same thing and we are --demand is great, returns are fantastic, and we are on an extreme mission tocontinue to find new Chelsea outlets, domestic as well as in Asia. Andhopefully one day in Europe.  From new development in the U.S. though, I do think itssafe to say that all of the projects that weve had --now, none of this ismaterial because the stuff that we were looking may have been in 10, nine, 10,11. We are making sure that that stuff that we want to do that can be executedand an appropriate return, some of which will change and some of which may bedeferred and/or dropped. 
Jeff Donnelly -Wachovia Securities: Well, if you guys are becoming more stringent, sayunderwriting future ground-up development, is it fair to say youre concerned,or are you concerned, maybe, that any of the domestic markets could beoversupplied, either due to sheer construction or just rooftops that arefailing to materialize out there?
David Simon: I think that is certainly part of it. You also have thegeneral economic malaise. You have high land prices, construction costs haventcome down a little bit, so you need a little bit of -- if you are going to gointo a tougher economic environment, I think you want to see some flexibilityfrom land, pricing and construction costs.  Now look, the fact of the matter is we all think about thesethings as five, ten-year horizons, so thats not going to deter us completely.On the other hand, we have plenty to do and plenty of opportunities, so for usto chase any new development that we are going to have to work ouryou-know-whats off to whether that, well take our resources and plow them backinto our existing portfolio, plow them back internationally, plow them backwith Chelsea. I just think we are taking -- its not so much the economy. Thiswas really brewing, but just make sure that the new stuff that we have reallyis going to meet future demand.  And you know, look, a lot of new stuff has been built -- notby us, thankfully -- but a lot of new stuff has been built and is still takinga long time to meet the demand. And certainly meeting the demand is going to,given the rooftop situation, is going to take longer to accomplish. 
Jeff Donnelly - WachoviaSecurities: One last question for you, David, is I think you guys soldAlton Square during the quarter. Was that something specific with that asset ormore of a call in your view of St. Louis? And might you have had a different --
David Simon: Its across the river. The people in St. Louis Im suredont consider it part of St. Louis. 
Jeff Donnelly -Wachovia Securities: But would you have had a different view if you guys hadacquired the asset from Westfield that we saw CBL take?
David Simon: Let me just finish Alton. We certainly tried to sell it asSt. Louis, but that river is a boundary that we couldnt overcome. So Imsorry, what was your question?
Jeff Donnelly -Wachovia Securities: I wasnt sure if you would have a different view on thatasset to the extent that you guys have acquired the assets from Westfield thatwe saw CBL take?
David Simon: No, no. 
Jeff Donnelly -Wachovia Securities: Thanks. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt Ostrowerof Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Matthew Ostrower -Morgan Stanley: Good morning. Just to follow-up on the fee question, wasthat increase in fees, was that basically attributable to Mills?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Primarily, Matt, it was the, as we talked about I think before,starting July 1, we did receive all the benefit of the fee stream in the Millsproperties and incurred all the costs associated with managing those. 
Matthew Ostrower -Morgan Stanley: And is there a specific cost to offset this item here, or isit just part of overall operating costs?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Part of it would be in the property operating cost line, andthen part of it would also be in the home and regional office. 
Matthew Ostrower -Morgan Stanley: Okay, and I know you had talked about, I think you hadtalked about giving more disclosure on this whole issue. Obviously youve givenus more numbers here on the income statement. Is there more to come here interms of either an increase before some specified time period, or is there a promotethat will come in down the road here? Can you give any more specificity aboutthat?
David Simon: Ill just answer that, Matt. We have a -- and I hope youllrespect this -- we have a -- our relationship with Farallon is a privatepartnership and we would -- obviously whatever benefits we get are going toflow through our income statement, our balance sheet. But the terms of that andthe nature of that will remain private. 
Matthew Ostrower -Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then on Mills, it just strikes me -- and I dontknow, I dont have any specific statement I can point to, but it seems to methat you guys were a bit more optimistic about getting NOI up a little bitfaster when you first bought this thing. Is that a misstatement on my part? Andif its not, whats changed here to slow things down?
David Simon: I think its a misstatement. Weve done a lot on theoperational side but I think its -- the leasing side takes time, so I reallythink the response to the earlier question was what impact do you have onleasing and weve done a tremendous amount on the operational side. Our viewhasnt changed at all, just trying to be realistic that it does take some timeto get the leasing repositioned in the appropriate way. Our view on theproperties and the potential hasnt changed at all. 
Matthew Ostrower -Morgan Stanley: Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Gormanof Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Michael Gorman -Credit Suisse: Good morning. David, if we could just go back to Mills for asecond, looking more I guess on the productivity side, can you look out and seeover the mid to long-term, I mean, how productive can these assets be? Are wetalking something in line with your current portfolio average? Or are theyalways going to sort of be at a discount, productive-wise to the -- 
David Simon: I would think it would clearly -- wed be able to clearlyimprove the average, and I would anticipate -- its hard to say exactly wheretheyll end up, but I dont see any reason why it will have any materialdifference from what we have. 
Michael Gorman -Credit Suisse: Okay, and that includes -- 
David Simon: Like Rick said, Esplanades a great example. We are adding aMacys. We havent been able to really lease that part of the center because ofthat. Its got low productivity associated with that. We are adding anotheranchor and a movie theater on the outside, so you can imagine a year from nowwhen all thats done, sales are going to pop and be much higher than they are.  So that, as you go through the list, we would anticipate theability to increase the sales per square foot. 
Michael Gorman -Credit Suisse: And then I guess just turning to your own portfolio, lookingamongst the property types, this is the second quarter in a row where theoutlets have been more productive than the regional mall portfolio on a salesper square foot basis. Is this a long-term shift that we are seeing or is it aquirk in current market conditions that is making these properties have bettersales?
David Simon: I think one of the big reasons for that is because they dohave, as you know, or we do have, a number of tourist-oriented outlet centersand the impact of the weak dollar, certainly helping the mall portfolio butgiven the smaller number of centers, its having a bigger, larger impact at theChelsea level, i.e. Woodberry, Orlando, Las Vegas, just to name a few. 
Michael Gorman -Credit Suisse: I guess just looking out over the long-term, assuming thatthe currency situation doesnt last forever -- 
David Simon: Thats a big assumption, though. 
Michael Gorman -Credit Suisse: I guess it is, but I mean over multiple years here, arethese portfolios going to be essentially at parity?
David Simon: Well, look, I think the great thing about Chelsea is thatthe reason they are not at parity is because the occupancy costs are 8% andours are at whatever they are -- 13%, so we do anticipate -- I think weve saidconsistently we do anticipate having a little bit higher NOI growth because ofthe low occupancy cost. And I think you are seeing that over the last year orso.  Sales, you know, look, its hard to really know how that allshakes out but you know, they are both -- the good news is they are both veryhigh quality portfolio. They are both generating very high good rent spreads.Chelseas got a little more immediate upside because of the low occupancy cost.On the other hand, the redevelopment opportunities in our mall portfolio areimmense.
Richard S. Sokolov: And the only other thing I would add to the Chelseaproductivity is that as we have worked with the Chelsea leasing team and ourleasing team, there are now a number of incremental full price concepts throughour intercession and pitching that portfolio that are now looking to expandwithin the Chelsea portfolio and these are operators that are also going todrive sales at a higher percentage. 
Michael Gorman -Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And just one last one, if I could, Steve, Iguess this would be for you; I noticed that the mezz loan to Mills picked upduring the quarter. Is that due to redevelopment spending or was there just --is that just normal fluctuations?
Stephen E. Sterrett: It was due to the cash component of the limited partners ofthe Mills. We cashed a number of them out. We also redeemed some of thepreferred stock of the Mills. 
Michael Gorman -Credit Suisse: Did they have an option to stay in the partnership, or no?
Stephen E. Sterrett: It was dependent upon the number of units in the Mills thatyou held to begin with. 
Michael Gorman -Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of MichaelMueller of J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Michael Mueller -J.P. Morgan: I know you already talked about the tenant demand a littlebit, but do you worry at all about the industry as a whole, the ability tolease out the space thats slated to come online in 08 - 09 if times arestill tough? I mean, you just have, industry-wide, it looks like a lot moredevelopment and redevelopment going on than say five or six years ago. 
David Simon: I dont think from our standpoint were concerned at all. Wehave a lot of work to do but we dont anticipate opening projects that arentleased, so I dont think thats a relevant concern.  I do think youve got to be careful about pushing newdevelopment. A couple of years ago, maybe a new development where it was easierto push today, but the stuff that were building, we dont anticipate havingany lease-up issues. 
Richard S. Sokolov: And on the redevelopments that are opening in 08, they areleased. In fact, Burlington, Nordstrom is opening next March. Were openingsome small shops yet this quarter because the small shops are ready to open andthe space is available for them, so that really is not an issue. 
Michael Mueller -J.P. Morgan: And you mentioned the impact on Mills leasing; has most ofthat to date been on the landmark side or on the traditional mall side?
David Simon: Well, the impact for us has been relatively the same. Wekept a lot of the existing landmark people together so that the downtimeassociated with that was not as great. Whereas the malls, we basically had toput a new team together that we did here in Indianapolis, and that has had alittle bit more of a transitional nature to it. But again -- and its easier. Imean, you have to remember, as you know, if you walk a Mills, its easier toget a tenant in there because the build-out is not like a mall build-out. Soyou can make a deal in April and get them open in October, where in the mall,you can do that but you have to, depending on the mall, its going to be alittle bit tougher to get done. 
Michael Mueller -J.P. Morgan: And last question, I know its not exactly apples-to-apples,but the leasing spreads on your malls, up over 20%, outlets about 30%. When youlook at the landmark Mills, can you give us any color as to where the spreadsare there?
Stephen E. Sterrett: Mike, I think its really too soon to say. I mean, one ofthe -- youll notice in the 8-K, we didnt provide you any historicalinformation and theres a reason for that and thats our lack of comfort withthe integrity of that historical information.  I mean Id suffice it to say, theres leasing activity goingon. We think were getting market rents. We think we can both grow theoccupancy and the rent at both the legacy Mills portfolio but also their mallportfolio. But I think it will be another quarter or two before well be in aposition to give you much color on what the leasing spreads are, just becausewe need to get that data in our system and make sure we are comparing a goodapple to a good apple. 
Michael Mueller -J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Louis Taylorof Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Louis Taylor -Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning. David, could you talk a little bitabout the tourism impact and especially if you can talk -- 
David Simon: Lou? Hello? Lou, we lost you. Lou?
Richard S. Sokolov: Operator?
ShellyDoran: Operator?
Operator: Yes, Im here. 
ShellyDoran: Did we just lose him?
Operator: Yes, one moment. Your line is open, sir. 
Louis Taylor -Deutsche Bank: Okay, sorry. David, could you talk a little bit more abouttourism and especially the impact on Florida? I mean, is it offsetting some ofthe weakness that may be occurring due to the weaker residential market there?
David Simon: Well, I think its -- put Chelsea aside, for the mallbusiness, yeah, we are seeing a sales -- the tourist malls that we have, and wehave a number of them, like Florida Mall, Miami International, Boca, et cetera,are still doing great in sale increases. I think the malls that are cateringmore to the particular marketplaces are relatively flat, and so I think we areseeing a little bit of a bifurcation between the tourist centers there than youare a traditional enclosed mall that basically caters to the marketplace.
Louis Taylor -Deutsche Bank: Okay, and second question, could you talk a little bit aboutyour expanded credit line? Given your just vast financial resources anyway,what kind of opportunities do you see out there that would necessitate thelarger line?
David Simon: Well, you know, we did this initially -- we always had theaccordion feature. I think, as we all know, August was a volatile month. Wedecided we wanted to be aggressive in this kind of marketplace with respect toallocating capital. We continue to have that view of the world and so wethought it was best to go ahead and implement that. Its not so much for anyliquidity issue here at the company but really just so we can be ready and ableto take advantage of whatever else is out there.  I mean, if you look at some of the best deals that wevedone, we have always been -- it has always been a little bit contrarian. Wewere contrarian with Chelsea, to some extent. We were contrarian with [Rodanko]after 9/11 to some extent. We were ahead of our time at CPI and Ill let Rickdecide how he wants to classify [inaudible].  So thats what were about, so we just figured its there,we dont have to really pay much for it, and its always nice to have that kindof corporate flexibility. 
Louis Taylor -Deutsche Bank: Could you just give us a little bit of color? I mean, areyou seeing opportunities to either buy debt, buy assets, buy land? I mean, isanything percolating to the surface in any of those categories that isparticularly interesting?
David Simon: I tell you, not yet, to be overly simplistic on it. But Ithink its coming. 
Louis Taylor -Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: And there are no more questions at this time. I would liketo turn the presentation back over to Mr. Simon. Please proceed, sir. 
David Simon: Okay. Thanks for everybodys interest. Were proud of thequarter and I think our business is well-positioned to prosper going forward.Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. Thisconcludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.
