===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-08 12:00:00) =====
Glen Donovan - SVP, Finance:
Jeff Martin - Chairman and CEO:
Karen Sedgwick - EVP and CFO:
Allen Nye - CEO, Oncor:
Caroline Winn - CEO of SDG&E:
Ross Fowler - Bank of America:
Carly Davenport - Goldman Sachs:
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research:
Nicholas Campanella - Barclays:
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Jefferies:
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore ISI:
Anthony Crowdell - Mizuho :
David Arcaro - Morgan Stanley:
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Sempra’s First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn it over to Glen Donovan. Please go ahead.
Glen Donovan : Good morning, and welcome to Sempra’s first quarter 2025 earnings call. The live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation are available on our website under our events and presentations section. We have several members of our management team with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karen Sedgwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Justin Bird, Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Don Clevenger, Chief Financial Officer of Oncor; Caroline Winn, Chief Executive Officer of SDG&E; Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer and other members of our senior management team. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q file with the SEC. Earnings per common share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31st, 2025. I'd also like to mention that forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only of today, May 8th, 2025, and it's important to note that the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 3, and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin : Thank you all for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter 2025 adjusted EPS of $1.44, which compares favorably to the prior period's results of $1.34. In addition, we're pleased to affirm our full year 2025 adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.34 and $4.30 to $4.70, and we're also affirming our 2026 EPS guidance of $4.80 to $5.30. You'll also recall that we've issued a projected long-term EPS CAGR of 7% to 9% for 2025 through 2029, and have guided to the high end or above that range. As we've discussed, this projection is a compound annual growth rate for the five-year planning period, and does not imply linear growth year to year. Now let's turn to our plan of execution for the remainder of the year. Today our first quarter results reflect a positive step toward the execution of five value creation initiatives. First, we plan to invest roughly $13 billion this year in energy infrastructure, with over $10 billion targeted for our U.S. utilities. Just as important, we have initiatives underway that are intended to improve the regulatory compact in both Texas and California. Second, we continue to review opportunities to realign our portfolio to support the growth and expansion of our Texas and California utilities, while also maintaining a strong balance sheet. As a result, we announced our intention to sell a minority interest in Sempra Infrastructure Partners. Given the robust demand today for energy infrastructure assets, we expect to complete a transaction that highlights the continued growth in the value of that business. Third, we're continuing our strategy of selling non-core assets and recycling capital to finance our future growth. That's why we recently announced our plans to divest Ecogas, a regulated natural gas distribution utility in Northern Mexico. In combination, these actions are designed to advance our company's broader effort to simplify the business and reduce reliance on future issuances of common equity to fund the company's five-year capital plan. With the close of these transactions and the anticipated growth of our utilities, we expect our regulated businesses will account for a much larger percentage of Simper's earnings on an annualized basis. It's also important to note that we expect these combined transactions to be accretive to the company's earnings per share forecast and credit enhancing. We also continue to execute on our Fit For 2025 campaign that we launched in the summer of 2024. The goal of this initiative is to reduce the company's cost structure to align with our future business needs. These efforts are also focused on new technology adoption, including the use of artificial intelligence to improve productivity and customer service. Taken together, these efforts are expected to help support improvements in the affordability of our services and our financial performance. And finally, we'll continue our foundational work of delivering safe and reliable energy for our customers through operational excellence. We're an established leader today in wildfire science and mitigation, and we'll look to build on those competitive advantages here in California as well as at Oncor. The key takeaway is we have an exceptional opportunity to grow and competitively differentiate our company through the end of the decade. To deliver on that opportunity, we understand the importance of executing well in the near term. Our first quarter financial results are an important first step, and as a management team, we have a plan of execution in place for the balance of 2025 that we believe will make our company stronger and more valuable. With that, please turn to Slide 4, where Karen will walk through business and financial updates.
Karen Sedgwick : Thank you, Jeff. Let me start by saying our three growth platforms are off to a solid start for the year. Let's start with Texas. Last year, ERCOT projected peak load growth to increase to 150 gigawatts by 2030. To meet this demand, ERCOT is proposing a regional transmission plan that would overlay a new high-voltage backbone across the state's transmission grid. Both the 345 kV and the 765 kV investments are under consideration. Together with the Permian plan, ERCOT estimates these investments will total between $32 billion and $35 billion. That includes approximately $14 billion to $15 billion for the Permian plan, with the import transmission path being constructed at the 765 kV level, and $18 billion to $20 billion for the remaining transmission buildout. I would refer you to Slide 9 in the appendix for a graphic that provides additional details on this. As a major owner of existing endpoints across Texas, we believe Oncor is well-positioned to construct a significant portion of the required transmission infrastructure that's been identified by ERCOT. Oncor is still assessing the impact of these developments and expects to have a better sense of the projected investment opportunity once the associated CCNs are filed. Oncor has begun seeking approvals for the remainder of the Permian plan and expects to continue making the required CCN filings, including for the import path through 2026. We're also currently monitoring the legislative session in Texas, including potential legislation that, if passed, might have beneficial impacts on the regulatory framework supporting T&D investments in Texas. In the meantime, Oncor is continuing to prepare to file its comprehensive base rate review and currently anticipates filing in the second quarter. Moving to Sempra California, I'd like to start by discussing an update on the regulatory front. Every three years, California Utilities submit a new cost of capital application to the CPUC, which sets authorized rates for return for their investments in critical infrastructure. In March, SDG&E and SoCalGas, along with other large California IOUs filed their respective cost of capital applications. The current cost of capital applications. The current cost of capital filings are for the years 2026 through 2028 and seek to update SDG&E and SoCalGas's respective rates of return to align with current market conditions. SDG&E requested a 54% common equity layer and 11.25% return on equity. At SoCalGas, the company requested a 52% common equity layer and 11% return on equity. Please see Slide 11 in the appendix for a breakout of additional details. We expect a decision from the CPUC by the end of the year with the newly authorized rates of return effective at the start of 2026. As a reminder, this would be subject to the cost of capital adjustment mechanism, otherwise known as the CCM, which would apply in the years 2027 and 2028. As it relates to the FERC-TO6 filing, SDG&E's current authorized rate is 10.1%, and you'll recall that SDG&E requested a base ROE of 11.75%, which excludes the 50-basis point CAISO adder currently in the appeals process. New interim rates are scheduled to be implemented June 1st, subject to refund. The settlement process is ongoing and expected to be resolved in the second half of this year. Also in the first quarter, the CPUC approved an expansion of Westside Canal battery storage, adding 100 megawatts of energy storage capacity to the existing 131-megawatt facility. This expansion should be fully operational this summer and represents a significant investment in the region's energy infrastructure, supporting local communities by providing more reliable and clean power, and positioning the region as a leader in sustainable energy solutions. Moving to affordability initiatives, Jeff discussed our Fit For 2025 campaign earlier, but I also want to mention that SDG&E and SoCalGas customers received a one-time California climate credit lowering bills last month by as much as $136 at SDG&E and $87 at SoCalGas. Also, there will be a second credit applied to the bills of SDG&E customers in October, bringing the total expected bill credit up to $217 in 2025. Also in March, an amended memorandum and ruling was issued establishing the scope and schedule for Track 3 of the 2024 GRC. Testimony was filed to review the reasonableness of SoCalGas' pipeline safety enhancement costs for 2015 to 2020, SDG&E's pipeline safety enhancement costs for 2014 to 2019, and SDG&E's wildfire mitigation costs in 2023, a proposed decision as anticipated in the first half of 2026. On the tariff front, we are closely monitoring potential impacts at Sempra, California. We've been proactive in taking action to manage rising prices to reduce impacts to our ratepayers. Since the pandemic, we analyzed where more supply chain risk exists and added additional sources of supply. We expect those diversified sources to help us better manage and mitigate tariff risks. We've also engaged with suppliers in an effort to source more domestically produced equipment and materials where possible, stocking inventory of critical materials and exploring new sources of supply that help reduce tariff exposure. These activities form a part of our larger program of improving the affordability of our utility services. Moving to Sempra infrastructure, in March, we announced our plan to sell a certain non-core energy infrastructure assets in Mexico, as well as a minority interest in Sempra infrastructure partners. Jeff discussed both earlier, but I would like to add that initial interest around these assets has been robust. On the minority interest sale process at Semper infrastructure partners, you'll recall that KKR and ADIA have certain rights of first offer, followed by Sempra's right to respond. Also, as is customary, we are unable to reach an agreement with our current partners. We're prepared to pursue a third-party bid in an open and competitive process to help increase the value for Sempra shareholders. As outlined, we believe it will take a reasonable amount of time for both transactions to unfold and expect to provide our next update on the second quarter call in August. Moving to operational updates, Cimarron LNG phase one loaded 55 cargos and achieved a 98% plant reliability in Q1 2025. Together with our partners, we're very pleased with the high-quality operations from this critical infrastructure asset. And as it relates to tariff impacts, we're actively monitoring the involving situation and assessing its potential impact on our businesses. Our current understanding is that energy is defined as a cross-border electric and natural gas deliveries, is a USMCA-compliant good, and is therefore unaffected by tariffs. As a result, we do not currently anticipate significant impacts from cross-border energy transactions. We anticipate significant impacts from cross border energy transactions. We also continue to advance major construction projects at Cimarron Wind LNG phase 1 and Port Arthur LNG Phase 1. Cimarron Wind is progressing key construction activities, including turbine installations. And continues to target power generation in late 2025 with COD plan for first half of 2026. At LNG Phase 1, we have over 5,200 workers on site and construction is currently focused on pipe testing. Electrical activities, instrumentation and insulation, with the project around 92% complete additionally. Additionally, we're excited to share that Phase 1 has achieved mechanical completion of various subsystems, which allows for the start of pre commissioning activities. These developments are consistent with the expectation of commercial operations in spring of 2026. Moreover, I would note that LNG Phase 1, our EPC contractor has completed its engineering and procurement activities so we're not anticipating any significant impacts from increases in material costs. Moving to Port Arthur LNG Phase 1. I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge the safety incidents that occurred last week at the Port Arthur facility, which has resulted in the loss of 3 employees. Our deepest condolences go out to the families and colleagues affected by this incident. Order construction has progressed, including the foundations, steel and pipe installations, dredging activities, major equipment setting and other key milestones. Also, on the tariff front, Port Arthur LNG began admitting all items and the designated foreign trade zones into the United States as a preemptive action back in February to avoid higher costs being levied on these items. Earlier this year, we announced that we expected to take on Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 by the end of 2025. That remains our target as we're continuing to field strong commercial interest in the project. With that said, uncertainty and the macro economic environment may affect the timing of project development. As we have done in the past, we'll continue to exercise patience as we seek to mitigate cost risk and lock in favorable long term economics. To wrap up energy infrastructure reminds a crucial component to economic growth and development. And allies in Europe and Asia are looking to American leadership to improve their energy security. That's why we continue to believe Sempra Infrastructure is well positioned to create value for its owners as we look to complete a series of important construction projects and capture new opportunities by extending the scale and reach of our platform. Now, please turn to the next slide. We'll walk through an update on our financial performance. Earlier today, Sempra reported first quarter 2025 GAAP earnings of $906 million or $1.39 per share, this compares to first quarter 2024 GAAP earnings of $801 million or $1.26 per share. On an adjusted basis, first quarter 2025 earnings were $942 million or $1.44 per share. This compares to our first quarter 2024 earnings of $854 million or $1.34 per share. We're pleased with these financial results and believe they represent a solid start to the year. Please turn to the next slide. Variances in the first quarter 2025 adjusted earnings as compared to the same period last year can be summarized as follows. At Sempra California, we had $88 million from higher CPUC based operating margin, net of operating expenses and lower authorized cost of capital. Sempra California also had $54 million of higher income tax benefits, partially offset by higher net interest expense and other. As a reminder, in the first three quarters of 2024, Sempra California reported revenues and taxes in accordance with 2023 CPUC authorized levels. Turning to Sempra Texas, we had $37 million of lower equity earnings, primarily from higher interest and operating expenses, partially offset by higher revenues from invested capital and higher consumption attributable to weather and customer growth. At Sempra infrastructure, we largely reported in line to the prior period with $2 million of decrease driven by lower asset optimization, partially offset by lower O&M and higher interest income. And at the parent, $15 million decrease is primarily due to higher net interest expense, partially offset by other expenses. Please turn to the next slide. To conclude our prepared remarks, we're off to a solid start for the year. We understand the importance of our plan of execution for 2025, and across our management team, we're focused on delivering the strategic initiatives that Jeff outlined on today's call. Taken together, these initiatives are designed to divest non-core assets in support of recycling proceeds into new investments in our Texas and California utilities, strengthen the company's balance sheet while efficiently funding growth and improving the quality and affordability of our services, and reward Sempra's owners with improved visibility to consistent growth in earnings and cash flows and long-term value creation. Our first quarter results represent an important first step in our growth plans. With that, we'll now take a moment to open the line and answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the prepared remarks. We will now open the line to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Ross Fowler from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Fowler: Good morning. How are you? Good morning, Jeff. Good morning, Karen.
Karen Sedgwick : Good morning.
Ross Fowler: So, just a couple of questions to touch on, and maybe I'm just tired because I'm 42. I'm usually so steep. But just to walk through the SIP process from here, I think KKR would be due on May 12th. And then we've got, if I've got it right, 10 business days for ADIA. And then you would have 30 days to respond to either one of those, which would kind of put us late June, early July. And that's the sort of contextualization for why you're talking about an update on the second quarter call. Am I thinking about that correctly?
Jeff Martin : Yeah, the only thing I would clarify is to think about that sequentially. So, once KKR provides their written offer, if they were to bid, then Sempra has a 30-day process to deliberate that and or respond. After that process, then ADIA would have their 10 days, followed by Sempra’s 30 days to respond to that. So, I think we feel comfortable that, Q2 call will be the appropriate time to update it. And look, we certainly realize that people like more details. So, I think, Ross, the best thing to do is just let the process play itself out. I think Q2 will be the appropriate time for an update.
Ross Fowler: Perfect, Jeff. Thank you. And then, Allen, maybe one for you, just as we sort of contextualize what you've referred to, I think, in our conversations in the past is the Texas Miracle and the Texas growth. We've seen the 765 kV network as I look at Slide 9 into the Permian. Then there's this other 765 stuff off to the east. What would be the advantages or disadvantages of doing the rest of that 765 or 345? And then just contextualize what you're seeing on the growth front in Texas right now.
Jeff Martin : Sure. Please go ahead, Allen.
Allen Nye: You bet. Thanks, Ross. Yeah, the Texas Miracle, as I've said before, continues. Just from a general high-level perspective things I generally talk about when I'm talking about growth, premise growth up again 3% over quarter one last year, 19,000 new premise. Transmission POIs, a new request up 66% year-to-date, first quarter versus last year, first quarter. Total active requests up 35%. Our LC&I large customer queue continues to grow at a record pace now up 30% of where we were last quarter over the 152, I think that's what we announced last time. West Texas, Far West Texas weather zone up 3%. New peak, Culberson transmission loop up 41% over last year's peak, and Stanton transmission loop up about 9%, 8.8% over last year's peak. So those are kind of the metrics I generally talk about on these calls. Around growth, obviously, we've got a lot of other things going on that you mentioned. There's the Permian plan, obviously, with the latest announcement that we're going to be doing the import pass with 765 kV, that’s a big one. And then the remainder of the STEP program, the 765 plan that ERCOT and the PUC are looking at, there -- we've said before, we were kind of -- we were agnostic from a financial perspective on 765 versus 345 because if you don't build the 765, you have to build a lot more 345. So we were going to be good either way. However, from an operational perspective, we've been very adamant that operationally 765 makes a lot more sense for a state that's growing like ours. Obviously, if you build bigger capacity now on less right-of-ways, you have increased ability to operate your system differently and more effectively. It provides for the allowance of generation siting at pretty much anywhere you can connect to the 765 as opposed to having to build 345 directly to locations where generation is coming online. So we think there are operational benefits to 765. That's what we said at the legislature, that's what we said at the PUC, and we were pleased with that announcement. Now we'll have to see what happens with kind of the eastern half of the 765 plan. Again, there's a decision to be made there as to how and when that will take place if the PUC and the legislature goes forward. But obviously, as we've said before, and I think as Jeff alluded to, we have opportunities on both those plans given the number of endpoints that we own. It's around, I think, over 1,300 now. And the application of the 1938 bill, which formalized the ERCOT criteria of using endpoints to determine the ownership of transmission lines. So we feel very good about the growth in Texas. We feel very good about where ERCOT and the PUC are headed with these two major transmission plans, and we think we'll be a major participant in both.
Jeff Martin: Well, the only thing I would add is it's obviously a very ambitious plan. We think it's critical to support the state's future growth. And I think given the endpoints that Allen just identified, we certainly expect to be in a position to build over half of the proposed investment.
Ross Fowler: Thanks for that, Jeff, and Allen as well. Just one last one from me. Jeff, you highlighted in your opening comments the Fit For 2025 program. Can you maybe talk about something in that program a little bit more specifically, like what you've achieved so far and what you might have sight by, too, just to give a little bit of flavor of what you're seeing there and what those programs actually entail?
Jeff Martin: Yeah, sure. Last year, Ross, we kicked off our Fit For 2025 campaign to improve the competitive cost structure of our company. This isn't something that's new at Sempra. For those of you who have followed our company for a long period of time, we routinely go back and look for ways to reduce costs and improve productivity. What we're fundamentally trying to do, Ross, is find new and better ways to serve customers. So we're looking at opportunities to reduce headcount through voluntary retirement programs. We're making new investments in technology. SDG&E is targeted using artificial intelligence, for example, in over 40% of its customer interactions in its call center. We'll continue to look at ways to basically outsource calls where we think it can be done on a cheaper basis. But look, I think part of serving customers better is working hard to improve the affordability of their services. And let me just give you a quick recap of where we think we're at. In Texas today, Oncor, for example, has the lowest rates among investor-owned utilities. And notwithstanding their current $36 billion capital plan, Ross, they expect to remain the lowest across the five-year plan. Similarly, at SoCal Gas, you recall, that's the largest natural gas utility platform in the United States. Their bills today are in the bottom quartile nationally. And similarly, at SDG&E, Ross, we have the lowest average bills amongst investor-owned utilities in the state. So as you think about our five value creation initiatives, part of creating a more competitive call structure is about finding better ways to be responsive to the needs of our customers. And maybe before I wrap up, Caroline, you could add a few specifics that you're taking at SDG&E to give a little more color to Ross.
Caroline Winn: Sure. Happy to do so. You know, we remain laser-focused on affordability for customers, and we're proud that SDG&E's monthly electric delivery bills are lower for the second year in a row. But we have more work to do there. Through our Fit for 25 initiative, we're driving down operating costs and improving efficiency. We're securing non-ratepayer sources of funding, like tax credits for batteries, and advocating for policy changes. We applaud the Governor of California issuing the executive order last year, which focuses on improving electric affordability that's highly constructive. And the order is largely focused on pass-through programs that become less cost-effective and does not appear to impact equity or capital deployment. SDG&E recently filed to reduce costs associated with certain energy efficiency programs that are no longer cost-effective. And if approved, it could save customers $300 million. And we're really happy about the use of climate credits that Karen mentioned to lower energy bills by $217 this year. Customer affordability is a top priority, and we're doing everything possible to make sure that our bills are transparent, they're stable, and they're affordable.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Ross.
Ross Fowler: Thank you. Have a great rest of your morning.
Jeff Martin: You too.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Carly Davenport from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Hi, Carly.
Carly Davenport : Hey, Jeff. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe to start on the LNG front, just to follow up on some of the comments in the prepared remarks, you talked about some of the macro uncertainty potentially impacting project development on Port Arthur 2. Could you just help us frame that potential impact? Is that more just a potential kind of slippage or is that anything we should think about from a structural shift in views on that project?
Jeff Martin: No, I would just clarify, Carly, I think we're in great shape on Port Arthur Phase 2, and Justin, maybe you could walk through how you're thinking about that project moving forward this year.
Justin Bird : Yeah, thanks, Jeff. Hi, Carly. As Karen said in the prepared remarks, we are continuing to target FID in 2025. We're very pleased with the strong commercial interest in that project and the progress we're making on the development front. Those include commercial negotiations, receiving our final permits, and financing the projects. Karen mentioned some of the recent macroeconomic uncertainties, and I think for us it's important to emphasize we're committed to managing cost risks and maintaining discipline to achieve our targeted returns. And that, Carly, will take precedent over the timing of any announcements. I also just want to remind folks of the point Karen and Jeff have made, the priorities reflected in Sempra’s capital program are focused on growing regulated utilities, and that means we'll only take FID on a project like Port Arthur Phase 2 when we're comfortable it will deliver strong shareholder value.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Justin.
Carly Davenport : Great. Thanks so much for that. That was really helpful. And then maybe just a clarification on some of the comments in the prepared around the tariff exposure. I recognize there's still a degree of kind of movement there, but could you just help us frame out the potential earnings exposure on a Sempra-consolidated basis, as well as you think about the broader capital plan over the next five years, how you think about the exposure there?
Jeff Martin: Yeah, I would say right from the top, I think this remains a fluid environment for all industries, but I think we're in good shape here, and any type of impact from tariffs, I think, falls well within our established guidance. Let me go through a couple things that might be helpful. At our utilities, Carly, we remain focused on minimizing tax tariff exposure for our customers. The majority of our equipment is sourced domestically, and that limits the direct impact on planned capital expenditures to around 2% or 3%. To reduce that impact even further, our utilities are taking steps to diversify the supplier pool and are exploring new supply sources with reduced exposure. Second, they're adding higher levels of domestically produced equipment and materials. And finally, they're continuing to stock higher levels of inventory for critical materials, and I think Karen talked about that in her prepared remarks. Turning to Sempra Infrastructure, I think it's also a very positive story there. At ECA, LNG procurement is complete and not impacted by tariffs. At Port Arthur LNG, approximately 90% of our spend is with U.S. suppliers and contractors. Karen noted this, but we're also currently using foreign trade zones to mitigate tariff impacts, and Train One Steel was fully sourced domestically. And I would just mention that the remaining tariff exposure for Phase 1 is estimated to be about 1% of CapEx. On our other development projects, we would only take FID after securing firm pricing and also mitigating any cost risks to achieve our target returns, and we'll be very disciplined about that. So as we've looked at this back in March and April and May, we feel like we're in very good shape relative to tariffs.
Carly Davenport : Great. I appreciate all that detail. Thanks so much for the time.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Carly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman : Hi. Excuse me. Hi, Jeff, Karen, Allen. So I wanted to maybe focus for a minute on Texas and just the pending Unified Tracker bill. And maybe you could talk a little bit about how that would interact, if at all, with your rate case filing and kind of what the -- kind of benefits of the bill would be relative to status quo.
Jeff Martin: Sure. Let me provide a couple of broader comments, and then we'll come back and talk about the legislative session and specifically UTM. I would think about the rate case separately. I mean, the way to think about it is they've got an authorized ROE today, Steve, of 9.7%. And there's two things that can impact lower earned ROEs. One is when you've got a higher cost structure that can be resolved in the base rate review. And secondly, just ordinary regulatory lag based on how their capital tracker mechanisms work. So I think what Allen and team will try to focus on is continuing to strengthen their balance sheet by addressing both sides of that. But I'll make a quick comment, and I'll pass it over to Allen, which is I talked about early on our value creation initiatives. And the first one, Steve, is this idea of investing about $13 billion this year. The second component of that is we're committed to actually improving our financial returns. And that means whether it's legislative sessions in Texas or California or base rate reviews or regulatory filings, we're very, very focused on improving our regulatory compact. So that's kind of the framing as you think about what we might be able to accomplish in Texas legislative session as well as the base rate review. But Allen, if you could maybe provide some additional color on the legislative session, specifically UTM.
Allen Nye: Sure. Yeah, thanks for the question, Steve. There's a number of bills that continue to make progress through the legislature. And we're obviously tracking everything from UTM to interim rates to wildfire and capital structures. And there's still a lot of time left, even though it's only a month. And there's still a lot of time for material changes to be made to all these bills. But we'll continue monitoring closely, working with all the constituents, and we'll have a better update on what actually gets through on the Q2 call. Specifically with regards to House Bill 5247 or the UTM bill. It's the most impactful potential bill for us, given our large and growing capital plan. It'd give us a way to moderate the impacts of regulatory lag and improve our credit quality. We've had broad support from stakeholders, and we really are appreciative of those parties who have worked with us on this bill. And while there are other bills that are out there that we'll continue to monitor work on, this one is potentially the most important to us. Generally, what it would do is it would provide a one-stop, kind of streamlined mechanism in lieu of the existing trackers, your TCOST, DCOST, and TCRF trackers that we make our adjustments with today. So there's benefits to it. We still need approval by the Senate, and it still needs to be assigned. It's signed by the Governor. But we'll keep working on it, and hopefully it also would decrease the workload of PUC staff. So there's benefits to this bill. The rate case, as Jeff said, we're still planning on filing something in the second quarter. So I would think of those two separately right now for the reasons that Jeff described. And that's kind of where we are in the UTM and the rate case.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Allen.
Steve Fleishman : What, if you don't mind, on the same kind of thematic, Jeff, one other question. California, and I think on the last call, you were pretty optimistic on something maybe done this year on the wildfire fund changes. Could you maybe give us your latest thoughts on any potential changes on AB 1054?
Jeff Martin: Yeah, and I think this is a good follow-on question. Because very similar to Texas, they've got a House Bill 145 in Texas, Steve, which we also think is important, which really attempts to move the standard there from a simple negligence standard to a gross negligence standard. So as you think about opportunities, whether it's through legislation or regulation, anything we can do to take risk out of the operating environment. We're sure if our balance sheet is obviously very, very positive for the growth story that we have underway in Texas. To your point in California, it's very similar. Obviously, Wall Street's following the developments up and down the state relative to wildfire risk. I remain quite constructive that here in California, the leadership is focused on the right things. And let me highlight a couple points that you might find helpful. First off, I've long said that wildfire in the state of California is a societal issue. People tend to think of it narrowly as a utility issue, but it's much more important to the state from a statewide standpoint in terms of how folks, you know, go about their day-to-day lives here. And I would applaud the Governor's work. He has his team, Steve, focused on three key areas, the first of which is the size and durability of the wildfire fund under AB 1054. Second is opportunities to continue to improve the insurance environment, particularly for residential homeowners. And finally, there's a continued interest in looking for opportunities for regulatory reform. I would mention when we talk about wildfire, I think it's always important to differentiate SDG&E, Steve. We think that they have demonstrably lower wildfire risk for three reasons. Obviously, it's a significantly smaller service territory. Second, it's a semi-arid desert topography, so there's not that much fuel content relative to other parts of the state. And obviously, since 2007, there have been significant amounts of funding in the neighborhood of $6 billion to $7 billion around our leadership position in wildfire science and mitigation. But if I could, Steve, I've got Caroline Winn here as the CEO of SDG&E. And Caroline, perhaps you could also share your perspective, you know, from your company.
Caroline Winn: Sure. Hi, Steve. Yeah, we're proud of the significant strides that we've made in mitigating wildfire risk and our strong track record, which includes 17 years without a utility- related catastrophic wildfire. Much of our recent work was facilitated in part by the passage of AB 1054 and the stability that the wildfire fund has provided to the market. So it seems clear to us that we need to build on the successful foundation of AB 1054 to extend its framework and durability, as Jeff said. The conversations that we've had up and down the state leave us confident that stakeholders understand the criticality of addressing the issue and the important role that investor-owned utilities play in supporting California's growth, economic development, and the safety of the communities we serve. So yeah, absolutely agree with Jeff. I feel constructive about getting something done this year.
Steve Fleishman : Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nicholas Campanella from Barclays. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Hi, Nick.
Nicholas Campanella : Hey. How's everything going? How's everyone doing? Thanks for taking my questions. So hey, just really quick on the EPS CAGR commentary. You kind of talked about in the prepared remarks as not being linear. Understand that Oncor is working through a rate case. You're working through these asset sales. But I guess just, what year do you kind of think that you'd be, above that 7% to 9% range?
Jeff Martin: Look, I think we haven't given that level of guidance. I think one of the things we realized that we got a lot of feedback from our Q4 call was there's probably an opportunity to be more clear and less ambiguous about our expectations. And obviously, it was a very challenging call for us. It's something that we take very seriously. And I think what we wanted to do is make sure we were very clear-eyed about what the opportunity was through 2029. So we took the opportunity to clarify for everyone that we expect to be at the high end or above that range. I think some of the things, Nick, on today's call provides a little bit more visibility into our confidence there. You recall that we had a $36 billion capital plan that we discussed in February for Oncor. And now that you see the 765 decision, now that you've seen not just the import path, not just the local path, but the import path that the Permian being moved back to 2030. Obviously, we feel quite confident that a lot of that $12 billion will come into the plan. And that's currently not in our forecast of 7% to 9%. So I hope that's helpful.
Nicholas Campanella : That is. Thanks so much, Jeff. And then, just to follow up on SIP and the transaction you're pursuing here, is there any scenario in which you think you can kind of go beyond the 30%? And then, you mentioned it's accretive, which is great. So clearly, the multiple should still be robust. But maybe you can kind of talk about your confidence level and just the current outlook of our interest rates and tariffs and economic uncertainty potentially impacting this valuation versus where you've successfully transacted on it in the past.
Jeff Martin: Yeah, I would start, Nick, by some conversations you and I have had before. But I think, over long periods of time, Sempra has an established track record, both in acquiring assets and also in divesting assets. This is something we've been very thoughtful about with our Board of Directors. We tend to look at these types of opportunities to unlock value almost at every Board meeting. So we're always open to new ideas. I think what we've tried to do is be very thoughtful about picking a scope of transaction, a transaction boundary between 15% and 30%. It meets the needs of our capital program. But really, a comment that's true of our entire portfolio is we're always open to new ideas, right? So I think we've got this thing sized correctly. But if we happen to take both a conforming bid and a non-conforming bid, we would always look at that through the lens of what creates the most value for our owners.
Nicholas Campanella : All right. Thanks for taking my question. Appreciate it.
Jeff Martin: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. It's actually [multiple speakers] here. Hey, Jeff, how are you?
Jeff Martin: Good.
Unidentified Analyst: Maybe coming back to Texas for a second, the Oncor CCN applications are already being filed for the seven projects that you highlighted. And do those enable the visibility on any of the upsides? Or is there a potentially larger pull forward into plan with the 765kV standard? How does that flow versus the $12 billion of upside CapEx?
Jeff Martin: Yes, let me make a couple comments here and I'll pass it to Don or Allen to answer some following questions. But remember, I think that Oncor in its discussions with its board of directors had really circled about a $48 billion opportunity between 2025 and 2029. And what we at Sempra is remember, we're always trying to be very disciplined about capital. The Oncor team shares that same view. And what we elected to do was divide that planned capital spending into two categories. A category where there was high confidence of the capital spend and they were reasonably far along in securing all the required permits or CCNs for those projects to be built. That $12 billion category, which we've always referred to as incremental, was where we thought that some additional work needed to be done to make sure we firmed up our ability to commence construction. Permits would be an example. CCNs would be an example. So, they made a lot of progress in Q1 on CCNs. And the two big things that have changed was, originally the Permian plan, which is going to cost $15 billion to $17 billion, had two components. There was a local component that the regulator asked to be completed by 2030. And then there was this import component, which was expected to stretch into the next decade. The two things that have happened is, the regulator has determined that relative to that import opportunity, they're going to use the 765 kV level of infrastructure. And number two, they now move that timeline forward so both the local projects and the import projects have to be done by 2030. So, that really firms up the need for Oncor to move forward with much of that $12 billion incremental plan. And Allen, if you could provide a little bit more color. I know your team has been very busy in terms of filing permits and CCNs. But if you could offer some, that'd be helpful.
Allen Nye: Now, Jeff, I think you really covered it. And as you mentioned with regards to CCNs, I think we've already filed seven. I think we're planning on filing in the mid-20s this year. Just to give a little color, I did this work as outside counsel for 17 years. I think I did 40 or 50 total in 17 years. And we're filing 24 this year. So, that's somewhat of an indication of how busy we are on the regulatory front. Otherwise, I think you've addressed it.
Jeff Martin: I think the key takeaway there is of the '24 CCNs that have been filed, we've filed roughly one-third of them. There's more work to be done.
Unidentified Analyst: And as you mentioned, I think this would be accretive to the $12 billion that you highlighted because $12 billion was based on a longer timeframe, right?
Jeff Martin: Yeah, I would mention two things here. One is in that $12 billion, what we've talked about is that the import piece now is going to have some acceleration to the 2030 timeframe. So, I think if anything, it validates the need for the $12 billion. And it may, in fact, and this is an on-course press release, require them to go beyond the $12 billion in the five-year planning period through 2029.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent. Thanks for the clarity there. And maybe shifting to California, you started some of the filings around the incremental approval versus the GRC decision, like the Track 3 and SB 410 and some others. Is upside to the base plan around the 2026 timeframe? And how is the cost of capital kind of layered into plan, just to clarify the moving pieces on the respective upside for California?
Jeff Martin: Yeah, I would mention a couple things here. One is we certainly think there's opportunities outside the GRC in terms of cost of capital. We have a really good appendix slide that you can refer to there in terms of what our filing is. But let's stick to your first topic, which is opportunities outside the GRC. There's some of these are in our plan and some of these are outside the plan, but it might be good just to go through kind of a listing of some of the things or categories that Caroline and her team are focused on. And Caroline, perhaps you could walk us through those.
Caroline Winn: Sure, Jeff. Yeah. Some of those items include modernization of some of our really important compressor stations. We have those electrification investments that are supported by Senate Bill 410 that you mentioned. We also have GRC Track 2 and Track 3, which includes costs related to our pipeline system enhancement programs and wildfire investments. But we're also looking at increasing modernization of our systems. We're looking at high voltage transmission in our northern and eastern portions of our service territory, as well as additional battery storage resources supporting not only overall grid reliability, but also increasingly clean energy. So I think, the takeaway here is we're closely working with parties on outcomes beneficial to our customers that will continue and will continue to make investments for safety and reliability.
Jeff Martin: And I know, Constatini [ph], we raised the cost of capital. And I think we have a good slide on Slide 11 in the appendix that outlines what we're currently operating under versus what we've requested.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent. And just a quick clarification on the next question. And obviously there's some sequencing for the SIP transaction, but would a constructive ROFO indication potentially shorten that 12- to 18-month process?
Jeff Martin: Yes, it would. And I would just mention that if you go back and look at the transactions that we completed in 2021 and 2022, each of those transactions, following the date of an announcement of a definitive agreement, took approximately six months.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent. Appreciate that. Thanks for all. Thanks for taking the questions.
Jeff Martin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Hi, Julian.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks, Jeff. Thanks, team. Appreciate it. Maybe to follow up on that last question a little bit further and talk about the potential transaction here. Can you guys elaborate a little bit on how you would set expectations? I mean, whether it's the KK or ADIA team or someone else? To what extent would you say on the valuation front, at least the level that was implied from the last transaction, is that kind of a fair baseline here that you're thinking about, the extent to which they may or may not want to participate? So be it, they'll indicate, but just in a sense to establish like a baseline on value that you'd be willing to transact at. I mean, is that a fair statement?
Jeff Martin: No, I might approach it a little bit differently. You'll recall that on our March 31st press release, we outlined the implied equity transaction values both for KKR and for ADIA. And the way to think about it, Julian, is since that time period, several things have happened. We've been able to successfully grow our EBITDA, number one. Number two, the amount of construction we have in progress or in flight leads to an increase in near-term EBITDA. And then I think there's been a significant change in the overall breadth and scope of our long-term pipeline. So we have a fair amount of confidence that the business is of more value today than it has been in the past. And that's why you've seen us use language, even in our value creation initiatives that we see this as an opportunity to highlight value and the implication being there is value that's not currently in our stock price.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. From a multiple perspective, hard to say given both the prospects improving, but also the significant uptick in EBITDA, but nonetheless, feel confident about it, it seems.
Jeff Martin: Yeah, I think that's a good point. I would say, obviously, this is a slightly higher interest rate environment, which goes into that. But I think one of the things that sometimes people miss, Julian, is on the multiple itself. A lot of times you get to that higher multiple based upon how the acquiring party values the depth and scope of the pipeline of development projects are out there. So, you can start off with some type of market multiple, but I think the big issue is this is a significant franchise. This is not a development company. It's not a project. This is a franchise that's been built over the last 25 years. It's one that cannot be replicated. And I think the construction that's in flight and the scale and scope of the development pipeline is significant.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And if I could just follow up real quickly on that, I mean, where do you stand on FFO to debt? I mean, where do we end the quarter or what have you on kind of a trailing basis? And also, where do you stand with respect to Moody's today? I mean, obviously, they made their actions in the last couple months here, but how do you think about the conversation and the 15% to 30% reconciling against the needs that they've laid out for you to get back to a stable outlook?
Allen Nye: Yeah, I think, Julian, as you would imagine, I think we feel like we're in pretty good shape on our credit ratings. And we continue to be very committed to maintaining our credit ratings. I would also note that we have a lot of confidence in the plan that we've put in front of the agencies. And they understand that we expect to complete the transactions that you and I have been discussing over the next 12 to 18 months. As part of that plan, you know, our use of proceeds is expected to fund our capital plan in a much more efficient way than we originally proposed. I think the benefit to our shareholders is that we'll be able to reduce future common equity needs and also help to improve our credit profile. And with respect to our current credit metrics, the roll forward 12-month deal on that is very consistent with where it was at the end of the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. Excellent, guys. Thank you very much. All right. We'll chat soon.
Jeff Martin: All right. Thanks a lot, Julian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Hi, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra : Hey, Jeff. Good morning to you. Thank you for giving me time. Hey, just wanted to quickly follow up on Julian's question related to Moody's. Is it your understanding, or at least in your conversation with the team, both Moody's and S&P, who have you on negative outlook, that they'll be patient here? I'm just double checking. Usually their process is 12 to 18 months. But just in your conversation, will they'll be patient here and see through your asset sale process if it goes the full distance in 18 months? The reason why I'm asking that question is, obviously, if they're not, you may decide to issue equity sooner than this process plays out. So maybe just your thoughts on that.
Jeff Martin: Yeah, I'll be very clear. We think we're in great shape here. And maybe, Karen, you can provide additional color.
Karen Sedgwick : Yeah, we've had great conversations with the rating agencies. We have laid out the plan, and I think they understand the 12 to 18 month time frame we've talked about. So we're committed to our ratings. And we've had good conversations with them on this front. So we think we have the time to complete these transactions. And as Jeff mentioned, our time frame could be shorter than that.
Durgesh Chopra : Got it. Yeah, I just wanted to be crystal clear. Okay, that's very helpful. And just really quickly, hopefully this is a quick one. At least the way we're modeling the transaction is very little to no tax leakage. Is that a fair way to think about transaction proceeds?
Jeff Martin: No, I think the way that we focus on this is making sure that we focus on key three variables. Our first obligation is to either work with our partners or run a process that solves for the highest possible equity value. Secondly, we've had a team of folks working on the tax side, and our goal is to minimize leakage. Obviously, you're going to pay taxes as part of a transaction like this, but our goal is to minimize that. That certainly has a big impact on your after-tax usable proceeds. And then it's very important when you look at all the different possibilities of how you can use those proceeds to maximize your accretion. And that's work that we've spent a lot of time on. It's been well-briefed with accrediting agencies, and we're comfortable through a range of outcomes that we can deliver a set of transactions that are accretive to our EPS forecast, and it's accretive to credit.
Durgesh Chopra : Got it. That's very clear. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Hi, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell : Hey, good afternoon, team. Jeff, just one quick one. I think it may follow up on Nick Campanella's train of thought. When you look out towards the end of your forecast period, four or five years, we have the Oncor CapEx spending. You've sold down the piece of SIP. You keep talking about the growth is going to be mainly focused on the regulated utility side of Sempra. What's the mix of regulated utility earnings to, say, your infrastructure earnings towards the end of your plan?
Jeff Martin: Yeah. I really appreciate the opportunity to clarify this. Look, I think we have been very clear over a long period of time that we're continuing to build this business with a view toward taking risk away from the portfolio and allocating capital disproportionately to our regulated investments. What we've done with our board of directors is target a mix where our regulated earnings and cash flows will be at the level of 90% or greater. And that you'll see us have a lower ownership inside of SI accordingly. This transaction really just accelerates our movement to that. So, at some point in our five-year plan, we're quite confident that we'll be at 90% or better in terms of an earnings mix from our regulated utilities.
Anthony Crowdell : Great. That's all I had. Thanks again.
Jeff Martin: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have time for one last question today. And our last question will come from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Hi, David.
David Arcaro : Hey. Thanks so much for sneaking me in. Apologies if I didn't quite catch it, but I was wondering, Oncor, just what are the gigawatts of the LC&I pipeline currently and how much of that is data centers? And I'd also just be curious your current view on what you would consider advanced stage, more like realistic to hit the market. We've just heard skepticism just around, how much load it might actually show up.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. Look, I think this is a great question. Obviously, you've seen ERCOT's forecasts have increased. A year ago, they were forecasting something closer to 152 gigawatts by the end of the decade. That's now gone up, and I think that's led to a lot of questions and concerns about how much of that might be real. I think from Oncor standpoint, they've had historically a peak load in their territory of around 31 or 32 gigawatts, and they have had significant interconnection requests. And Allen, perhaps you or Don could just kind of highlight for us what the changes in that has been and the part that you feel very confident in.
Allen Nye: You bet. Thanks, David. The direct answer to your question is we presently have 156 gigawatts of data centers in the queue and another 22 gigawatts of load from kind of more traditional diverse industrial sectors. So that is whatever 178 total of large C&I in the queue, of which 156 is data centers.
Jeff Martin: Do you want to comment on how you think about the more certainty of that and once you're holding?
Allen Nye: Sure. I mean, yeah, I apologize, Jeff. Absolutely. I mean, so what we submitted to ERCOT was about 29.5 gigawatts in our officer letter that we think we have high confidence in. And high confidence comes from a number of things, including two or more of the following, execution and securitization of an agreement for things like engineering or procurement, delivery of technical information, proof of site control, completed site-related studies, attestation of non-duplicative load requests, verification of financial capabilities, and a payment of study fees. So things like that is how we get to the high confidence level. So 29.5 gigawatts of that. And then we have another 9 gigawatts or so of signed interconnection agreements. And the 29.5 gigawatts, I should have said, is by 2031. So that's, as you said, Jeff, that's additional gigawatts on top of what is presently a 31 gigawatt peak.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. So think about that, David, just to kind of put that in context is their high confidence level of interconnections more than doubles their existing peak load. And they've got actually a backlog that's 5x of their current peak load. So I think the goal here really is to make sure that we are building the critical infrastructure that continues to support the economic growth in the state. And I feel quite confident that the growth around the Oncor Service Territory will lead the state in terms of what needs to be done from an infrastructure standpoint.
David Arcaro : Excellent. Perfect. Yeah, huge numbers. Really appreciate the data there. I'll leave it there.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's question and answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Jeff Martin for any additional closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: Hey, I want to take a moment to thank everyone for joining us today. I know there are a lot of competing calls. We certainly appreciate everyone making the time to join us. If there are any follow-up items, please reach out to our IR team with your questions. I would also mention that Glen and I are heading up to Los Angeles to meet with investors today. And Karen and the team will be looking forward to seeing many of you in Florida at the upcoming AJ event later this month. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-25 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Sempra's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn it over to Glen Donovan. Please go ahead.
Glen Donovan: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra's fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation are available on our website under our events and presentation section. We have several members of our management team with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karen Sedgwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Justin Bird, Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Don Clevinger, Chief Financial Officer of Oncor; Carolyn Winn, Chief Executive Officer of SDG&E; Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer; and other members of our senior management team. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K filed with the SEC. Earnings per common share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. I'd also like to mention that forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only of today, February 25, 2025. It's important to note that the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide five and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Glen, and thank you all for joining us today. This year, as we report our Q4 and full-year financial results, we've organized our materials to lay out a clear roadmap for our company to deliver a decisive decade of growth. In part, that's why we took the time over the last several months to reach out to investors and the research community to get new ideas and suggestions on how to make today's call as informative as possible. With your input, we've added a lot more content to today's presentation and adjusted our list of presenters so you get to hear directly from a broader group of executives. In terms of our agenda, I'll start by reviewing our accomplishments in 2024 and provide an overview of our corporate strategy. Then we'll move to the leaders of our three business segments, where each will discuss recent developments and operational initiatives in their businesses as well as their respective capital plans. Afterwards, Karen will follow the presentation on our Q4 and full-year financial results and the details surrounding our new five-year capital plan. Then at the end, I'll rejoin you to make some closing remarks. Turning to our 2024 financial results, we delivered adjusted EPS of $4.65, which is just below the midpoint of our guidance range. Later in today's call, Karen will walk through the key drivers behind those results. Turning to 2025 guidance, we've adjusted our financial forecast to account for a series of changes. These include the final decision in our California rate cases as well as updated assumptions relating to interest rates, commodity prices, and O&M costs. Another key assumption in our 2025 guidance has to do with Oncor's next base rate review. As you know, Texas is enjoying strong economic and population growth. Some estimates project Texas to have the largest population in the United States by 2045. And to further that point, from July 2023 to July 2024, Texas added over a half million new residents, the most of any state in the nation. New business continues to move to the state as well, and as the economy expands at the end of the decade, electricity demand is expected to nearly double. With this backdrop, there's significant need for new infrastructure, which creates opportunity for Oncor to increase its capital investments in the state. That's why Oncor is preparing to file a comprehensive base rate review later this year rather than waiting until 2027. Allen will go into more detail, but if the team elects to file a base rate review, we have assumed in our plan, we believe this will strengthen the company's financial position as it looks to make critical investments necessary to support expected growth in energy demand. Taking all these factors into account, we're revising our full-year 2025 EPS guidance range to $4.30 to $4.70. Our revised 2025 guidance falls below the prior expectations set for our company. That said, I'm confident that we're making the right decisions for the business as 2025 will form a new foundation for our future growth. In addition, we're announcing our full-year 2026 EPS guidance range of $4.80 to $5.30, which represents roughly a 12% growth rate from the midpoint of our updated 2025 guidance. This is important because we expect to pull through strong growth from 2026 in the future years. In addition to the referenced year-over-year growth, we're seeing remarkable growth in our expected earnings from Sempra Texas, which supports raising our projected long-term EPS growth rate to 7% to 9%. Going forward, we'll update our estimated long-term growth rate on our year-end calls in February at the same time that we announce our updated capital plans. Finally, in keeping with our commitment to provide investors with a competitive total return, we're also pleased to announce that Sempra's board of directors approved an increase in the company's annualized dividend for the fifteenth consecutive year to $2.58 per share. Please turn to the next slide where I'll walk through our recent accomplishments. In 2024, we made important progress on our five-year capital plan by deploying nearly $10 billion of capital across our three business lines while also delivering solid financial results with 2024 adjusted earnings of roughly $3 billion. In terms of other accomplishments, we ended the year with a utility rate base of $56 billion. It's also important to note that we're announcing a new record capital plan of $56 billion for 2025 to 2029, which represents a 16% increase over the prior plan. With over half of our new capital driven by opportunities at Oncor, where Allen and his team are seeing remarkable customer growth, and taken together with California, 90% of the new capital plan is dedicated to our core strategy of investing in regulated utilities with constructive regulation. In California, SDG&E and SoCalGas received a final decision on their 2024 general rate cases, which support critical new investments in safety, reliability, and affordable customer service. Meanwhile, in Texas, you'll recall that the PUCT approved Oncor's nearly $3 billion system resiliency plan, highlighting the constructive nature of that jurisdiction and Oncor's ability to work collaboratively with key stakeholders to advance good public policy. Oncor has already begun making investments in accordance with the SRP, and there are a significant number of near-term growth opportunities Allen will be discussing momentarily. In addition, Allen will outline more clearly what investments fall within his new $36 billion capital plan as well as providing very important visibility to other incremental investments that are expected to be added to his 2025 to 2029 plan and new investments that are estimated for the 2030 to 2034 timeframe. And finally, at Sempra Infrastructure, 2024 was an important year in terms of execution, as we continue to advance construction across a series of large-scale infrastructure projects, including most notably ECA LNG Phase 1 and Port Arthur LNG Phase 1. Please turn to the next slide. A couple of takeaways here. Utility capital investments have grown steadily at approximately 4% over the last decade. However, with economic expansion coming out of COVID, reshoring of industry, and record levels of investment in cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and data centers, we're seeing a notable uptick in energy demand. That's why utilities all across the country are quickly ramping up investment to build new energy infrastructure that supports growing energy demand. With over $200 billion of anticipated sector investment in 2025 alone, we certainly believe we're in the early innings of a new super cycle for the sector. On a relative basis, our 16% year-over-year increase in our five-year capital plan compares favorably to the trend shown here. In part, that's why we continue to believe Sempra is well-positioned in the right markets, with the right corporate strategy to create a lot of value in the coming years. Please turn to the next slide. Here, Sempra's core strategy centers on making disciplined investments in good businesses where we can earn quality returns while building scale advantages in large economic markets with favorable regulation. Please turn to the next slide. Participation in the energy value chain with the goal of reducing the impact of commodity, environmental, and credit risk. By concentrating on transmission and distribution investment, it also improves our line of sight to future growth and helps us produce high-quality recurring cash flows from regulated utilities while also investing in long-term contracted assets with investment-grade counterparties in our infrastructure platform. Please turn to the next slide. To be clear, our corporate strategy is designed to build significant scale into our business for the benefit of customers and shareholders. To do that, we're launching a new record $56 billion capital plan that targets compound annual rate-based growth of 10%. Note too that our expectations of future growth are expanding, particularly in the state of Texas. That's why we're raising our long-term EPS growth estimates to 7% to 9%. Please turn to the next slide where Allen will walk you through a business update at Oncor.
Allen Nye: Thank you, Jeff. We had a successful year at Oncor, headlined by several key accomplishments. We deployed approximately $4.7 billion, a new record, and grew our rate base by approximately 15%. We continue to believe in the Texas miracle and do not see it slowing down anytime soon. As Jeff mentioned, we are contemplating filing a comprehensive base rate review with the PUCT this year. As you may recall, our last base rate review was approved in 2023 based on a 2021 historic test year. Market conditions have certainly changed, with higher interest rates, insurance premiums, and inflationary pressure, to name a few. Moving to our operational performance. In 2024, Oncor built, rebuilt, or upgraded 4,300 miles of T&D lines, increased our premise count by approximately 77,000, set company records for new and active transmission interconnection requests, and witnessed 4% growth in electricity volumes delivered. Oncor was also recognized by EEI with the Emergency Response Award for our May 2024 storm response, the second worst storm in Oncor's history, further demonstrating our commitment to restoring power after extreme weather events as soon as safely possible. To come full circle, the main takeaway is that Oncor had an excellent year. And I'll speak next about the long-term growth we are seeing. Please turn to the next slide. As we've highlighted throughout the year, new points of interconnection requests grew 27% in 2020. This is an important metric because it serves as a strong leading indicator of customers looking to connect to Oncor's system and simultaneously helps replenish the existing queue of active requests, both of which represent future investment opportunities. The increase in interconnection interest continues to emerge primarily from large C&I customers, which span multiple diverse industries located across our service territory. As of December 31, 2024, the total amount of commercial and industrial load seeking transmission interconnection equaled 137 gigawatts, an approximately 250% increase from 2023. I'd also like to note that Oncor is already in possession of over $2 billion of collateral held under signed agreements, split approximately even between generation and large C&I customers, about a 10x increase since 2018. This collateral protects ratepayers and us from the risk of costs being incurred for a project that is subsequently abandoned. Executed agreements are one of the ways we evaluate the probability of load increases into our capital planning process, and this figure indicates these are serious customers with high intentions of developing their projects. Additionally, we provide ERCOT with a high-confidence projection for C&I loads seeking interconnection to our transmission system. Last year, we provided a projection through 2030 of 25 gigawatts. This year, based on the number of customers who have taken concrete steps towards an interconnection agreement, we have increased our high-confidence projection to 29 gigawatts through 2031. That amount, combined with the customers who have already signed interconnection agreements, could potentially increase our 2031 peak load by approximately 36 gigawatts from C&I transmission customers alone. To put that into context, today's peak load for our whole system is 31 gigawatts. Please turn to the next slide. Today, we're announcing another record five-year capital plan totaling $36 billion, an increase of 50% over the five-year plan we announced last February. Oncor's investments over 2025 through 2029 are expected to support diverse growth across our service territory as the region continues to exhibit strong annual premise growth in the 2% range, receive a growing number of interconnection requests from large C&I customers, while remaining a highly desired destination for both business and residential customers to the state. Oncor's territory is vast. Our distribution service territory is over 54,000 square miles, roughly the size of the whole state of New York. And our growth is not concentrated in any one area but spread out across the DFW metroplex, West Texas, and along the I-35 corridor. We're continuing to see strong growth in residential premises that exceeds the historical national average, as well as significant new growth in the large C&I space. Examining the components of our new $36 billion capital plan, the increases arise from the following items: nearly $3 billion for the SRP, $2 billion for the Brownfield local common projects for the Permian Basin Reliability Plan, $1 billion for transmission projects for the Delaware Basin Load Integration Plan and West Texas 345 kV infrastructure plan, $2 billion for interconnection of generation and large C&I, and $4 billion for distribution upgrades and other capital needs. We're excited by the prospect that more than 60% of our capital plan presented today is allocated towards transmission projects that will support the growing energy needs of the state of Texas, as these projects tend to be substantial with costs and benefits shared with all ratepayers. Our distribution investments, which we recover through the DCRF, will also continue at a robust pace and comprise another 27% of the capital plan, demonstrating the breadth and diversity of growth throughout our service territory. The SRP, which we've highlighted previously, also accounts for $3 billion, and that capital is recovered more favorably than our other investments. These investments are critical because they support a safer, smarter, more resilient electric grid to help enable continued development across the state of Texas. Notably, Oncor's $36 billion CapEx plan only includes expected spend for major transmission projects for which we have obtained all regulatory approvals. For example, in the Permian Basin Reliability Plan, approximately $2 billion has been included for brownfield projects that require no further approvals. Additionally, with regard to customers seeking interconnection at the transmission level, like data centers, our plan only includes those projects for which customers have executed an agreement with us. Please turn to the next slide. As a result, Oncor has a clear line of sight to meaningful projects that could amount to an additional $12 billion over the course of 2025 to 2029 that are outside of our base plan. These projects include potential updates to our SRP in 2028 and 2029, local projects of the Permian Basin Reliability Plan requiring regulatory approvals, projects in the import path of the Permian Basin Reliability Plan, additional transmission POIs such as data centers that have not yet signed agreements with us, and projects arising from ERCOT's 765 kV Strategic Transmission Expansion Plan or STEP, among other things. Regarding the Permian Basin Reliability Plan, ERCOT and the PUCT are still evaluating the optimal voltage level for the import pathways as part of the import path phase. We anticipate further determination to be made in the second quarter of this year that will provide clarity on the need and timing of additional transmission investment. With targeted in-service dates of 2030 and beyond, we anticipate these potential investments to occur in the back end of our current five-year plan and extending into the next decade. We are excited to have begun needed investments to support grid resiliency, and we understand this is not a one-off event. As such, we anticipate filing an update to our current SRP in 2027 with additional measures to continue the important investments around grid hardening, situational awareness, and cyber and physical security of our system. ERCOT has laid out a vision for the development of a modern statewide EHV superhighway. In ERCOT's 765 kV STEP released last month, ERCOT indicated that the cost between an EHV solution and a traditional 345 kV solution are likely to be very similar, but the EHV solution would provide a number of superior benefits. We expect more guidance from the PUCT in the first half of this year. Under either solution, Oncor expects to build a significant amount of the needed transmission. Many of these projects I am discussing today continue past the current five-year plan. When we look farther out, we believe our growth continues well into the next decade. If current growth trends continue, we estimate investment in our system requiring $55 billion to $75 billion from 2030 to 2034. In other words, the Texas miracle doesn't appear to be stopping anytime soon. As we execute on our current plan and prepare for potentially higher levels of capital spending, I'll speak to how we've prepared to support this growth. Please turn to the next slide. For years now, Oncor has been taking deliberate steps to help secure our future growth potential. Over the past five years, we've significantly expanded our supplier base and inventory stock to help ensure materials are available when and where they are needed. We've also increased our talent pool to bring new knowledge, skill sets, and abilities to our workforce while deploying modern technologies and exercising prudence, increasing our headcount so that we can efficiently grow our business. As we enhance our resources, we are also achieving improved safety metrics, which is a testament to our continued focus on operational excellence. Please turn to the next slide and I'll hand the call over to Karen.
Karen Sedgwick: Thank you, Allen. I'll start by providing an update on Sempra California's 2024 accomplishments and five-year capital plan. Then, since we've received a lot of outreach from the investment community on how the state limits investor exposure to wildfire risk, I want to reserve time to provide an update on that as well. Starting with 2024 accomplishments, we saw a number of material developments in our California utilities. First and foremost, we received a final decision in our general rate cases. With the final decision, we're now able to focus our efforts on executing the approved plan and continuing to provide customers with safe and reliable energy. And speaking of safety, SDG&E became California's first utility to be awarded with the prestigious Cal OSHA VPP safety certification. This designation is the highest safety recognition offered by the nation's largest state-run division of occupational safety and health. The award is reserved for organizations that demonstrate exemplary safety practices, employee engagement, and injury prevention measures that exceed standard regulatory requirements. It is also noteworthy to mention that SDG&E was also once again recognized as the best in the west for electric customer reliability for the nineteenth consecutive year, another accomplishment we're quite proud of. Operationally, we continue to see growing energy demand, and recently, the California Energy Commission issued a report projecting 2.8% annual growth in statewide electricity consumption from 2023 through 2030, which should have favorable impacts on customer affordability by putting downward pressure on rates. In October, SDG&E submitted its TO6 filing with FERC, including a 50 basis point California ISO adder. In December, FERC issued an order finding that SDG&E is not eligible for the ISO adder. SDG&E believes there is a reasonable basis to appeal this decision and has already requested a rehearing. At SoCalGas, the CPUC issued a final decision authorizing the Aliso Canyon natural gas storage facility to operate at 68.6 billion cubic feet, or 80% of the site's capacity, representing approximately 11% of the state's overall storage capacity. Ongoing operations will be subject to future CPUC review, but we believe this action confirms the valuable role natural gas continues to play in contributing to a stable and affordable California energy grid. Please turn to the next slide. Sempra California's capital plan totals over $22 billion through 2029. Major areas of investment include our wildfire mitigation, energy storage, and smart meter replacement initiatives. We're also building new transmission lines under FERC's authority, investing in the modernization of the Moreno and Honor Rancho compressor stations, and continuing to bolster safety through our gas pipeline safety and integrity management programs. As we look into the next decade, we see further opportunities to improve how we deliver our services through innovation and grid modernization efforts focused on safety, reliability, and affordable customer service. Moreover, additional investments will be needed to support growing energy demand and economic development throughout the state. Please turn to the next slide. Operationally, Sempra California has a track record of effectively mitigating risk and making innovative investments, which further our market position as a leader in delivering safe and reliable energy. SDG&E recently scored as the most mature wildfire mitigation program across all international utilities. SDG&E's investments in wildfire mitigation have been instrumental in hardening our system based on advanced risk modeling that identifies the most weather-sensitive areas. Moreover, these advanced technologies also track wildfire risk throughout the year. With an established leadership position in wildfire mitigation and data science, we commonly field questions about programs here in the state, and I thought it'd be helpful to share our company's perspective. In 2019, the state established the Wildfire Fund under AB 1054 to support the financial stability of investor-owned utilities. When the fund was formed, SDG&E initially contributed roughly $320 million. Since then, SDG&E has contributed just under $13 million annually. As of today, SDG&E's total contributions represent roughly 2% of the $21 billion fund. SDG&E's lower level of contributions reflects its lower risk profile due to three considerations: the relatively small size of SDG&E's service territory, the desert-like topography that predominates this part of Southern California, and the robust level of prior investments SDG&E has made to materially mitigate wildfire risk. Also, it's important to note that SDG&E is not standing still. The company continues to strengthen its capabilities with new investments in wildfire mitigation programs, as well as newly developed technology and data science that support proactively monitoring and better protection for local communities. This played out during the recent weather events, where SDG&E encountered substantially similar and in some cases worse red flag conditions than what was experienced in the Los Angeles region. SDG&E successfully managed its system safely, and the company came through the events safely. Remember too that SDG&E hasn't had a utility-caused wildfire of any significance for over seventeen years. Please turn to the next slide where Justin will provide an update on Sempra Infrastructure.
Justin Bird: Thanks, Karen. Geopolitical and market events continue to highlight and strengthen the value proposition of our Sempra Infrastructure platform, and we're making the most of the opportunity. We're making substantial progress on our dual-basin LNG strategy through the construction of ECA LNG Phase 1, Port Arthur LNG Phase 1, and the active development of Port Arthur LNG Phase 2. And when ECA and Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 are up and running, we'll have the ability to deliver natural gas from the Permian and Haynesville basins into our terminals and dispatch LNG into both the Pacific and Atlantic energy markets. And as the CEO, I can tell you this is an exciting time for Sempra Infrastructure. First, we delivered financial results at the high end of our range in 2024 and continued to generate strong distributable cash flow to our owners. Second, construction on ECA LNG Phase 1 continues to progress, and we expect to be on time and on budget in the spring of 2026. We also reached COD on our GRO pipeline, supporting natural gas supply into ECA LNG. Third, construction on Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 with Bechtel as our EPC contractor and our associated pipeline remain on time and on budget. Lastly, the development of Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 is in development. We already have an HOA with Aramco that includes offtake of 5 million tons per annum and a 25% equity interest. We have a fixed-price EPC agreement with Bechtel, and we have interest of well over 5 MTPA for the rest of the capacity for Phase 2. With this in mind, we're pleased to announce we're targeting FID in 2025. Please turn to the next slide. At Sempra Infrastructure, we continue to focus on safety, disciplined development and construction, and operational excellence. At Cameron, which is now in its fourth year of full production, the team continues to optimize its operations, with the plant reaching a 98% reliability rate in 2024. During 2024, Cameron loaded 193 cargoes and has now reached 895 cargoes since production began in May 2019. At Port Arthur LNG Phase 1, we have 3,600 workers on-site, are building out the steel framework for the trains, tank construction, above-ground and underground piping, marine berth dredging, and have commenced major equipment setting. We continue to target commercial operations for Train 1 and Train 2 in 2027 and 2028, respectively. At ECA LNG Phase 1, we're excited that the project has reached 90% completion, including engineering, procurement, and construction progress. Current work is now focused on pipe testing and insulation, electrical instrumentation, and pre-commissioning activities. Please turn to the next slide. Turning to Sempra Infrastructure's updated capital plan, we estimate spending $4 billion through 2029. As a reminder, per our convention, we only include Sempra's proportionate share of capital of projects that have reached FID. And to be clear, our plan is narrowly focused on investments in LNG assets with 16 million tons per annum of projected capacity as well as the supporting pipeline infrastructure. In the meantime, our renewable projects such as Cimarron represent a great way to layer in higher return projects with a shorter construction window to take advantage of Sempra Infrastructure's excess electric transmission capacity. Overall, our assets have 18 years of average contract life remaining, which gives us confidence in our ability to continue delivering recurring cash flows and value to our owners in the foreseeable future. Please turn to the next slide. The development of Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 increases the value of our SI franchise. The Brownfield expansion is expected to benefit from scale advantages and continuous construction under Bechtel's leadership. Furthermore, Phase 2 will benefit from the common facilities that will be completed in Phase 1. In combination, we believe this translates into a lower cost and lower risk expansion of Phase 2. As I mentioned, we announced an HOA with Aramco for half of the offtake, where they'd also participate in 25% of the project equity. Additionally, we have well over 5 million tons per annum of interest for the remaining offtake and are confident in our ability to meet our customers' needs. Many of our stakeholders are eager for this project to succeed, including ConocoPhillips, as they mentioned in their recent earnings call. Given recent commercial discussions for additional demand, the momentum of project development, and our continued expectation to receive the DOE non-FTA permit, we're excited to announce we're targeting a final investment decision later this year, pending the execution of definitive commercial agreements, obtaining permits, and securing financing, among other factors. Please turn to the next slide. Over the long run, our strategy is increasingly focused on the expansion of our dual-basin LNG strategy, which could over time represent up to 90 million tons per annum in total LNG exports while significantly increasing the scope and scale of our business. The timing and ultimate ownership stakes in these projects will depend on market demand, which we believe will remain robust through 2040. For context, LNG demand has grown 6% per annum over the last 25 years, and going forward, we estimate that global demand could grow by up to another 350 million tons per annum through 2050. Based on these forecasts and recent capital markets activity in the LNG infrastructure industry, we believe our infrastructure growth franchise continues to provide compelling value to Sempra's shareholders. Now please turn to the next slide where Karen will walk through the Sempra financial update.
Karen Sedgwick: Thanks, Justin. Earlier today, Sempra reported fourth quarter 2024 GAAP earnings of $665 million or $1.04 per share. This compares to fourth quarter 2023 GAAP earnings of $737 million or $1.16 per share. On an adjusted basis, fourth quarter 2024 earnings were $960 million or $1.50 per share. This compares to our fourth quarter 2023 earnings of $719 million or $1.13 per share. Full-year 2024 GAAP earnings were $2.817 billion or $4.42 per share. This compares to 2023 GAAP earnings of $3.030 billion or $4.79 per share. On an adjusted basis, full-year 2024 earnings were $2.969 billion or $4.65 per share. This compares to our previous full-year 2023 adjusted earnings of $2.920 billion or $4.61 per share. Please turn to the next slide. Variances in the full-year 2024 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year can be summarized as follows: At Sempra California, we had $46 million primarily from higher electric transmission margin, higher AFUDC equity, and higher CPUC-based operating margin, and $157 million primarily from higher income tax benefits from flow-through items, including higher gas tax repair benefits, partially offset by higher net interest expense. Turning to Sempra Texas, we had $43 million of higher equity earnings primarily from higher invested capital and customer growth, partially offset by higher interest and operating expenses, and lower consumption primarily due to mild weather. At Sempra Infrastructure, we had $170 million of lower transportation earnings, including the cumulative impact of new tariffs going into effect in 2023, lower asset and supply optimization, and lower volumes for the renewables business, partially offset by $50 million primarily from lower net interest expense due to higher capitalized interest and higher income tax benefits. At Sempra Parent, the $77 million net decrease is primarily due to higher net interest expense and lower income tax benefits. Please turn to the next slide. Now let's turn to our planned investment over the next five years. Driven largely by growth at Sempra Texas, our new record $56 billion capital plan represents an increase of 16% over the prior year plan. Capital investment will remain overwhelmingly focused on our T&D infrastructure, with over 90% allocated to our regulated utilities. In Texas, the growth is simply remarkable, and on top of that, the regulatory construct continues to improve, with 97% of our investments now being recoverable through efficient tracker mechanisms, which diminish the impact of regulatory lag. At Sempra California, with the GRC final decision, SDG&E and SoCalGas are focused on executing the daily mission of delivering safe, reliable energy. As a reminder, our Sempra Infrastructure platform is underpinned by long-term US dollar-denominated contracts that mitigate commodity and counterparty risk, and our infrastructure business provides a great opportunity to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns on long-duration energy infrastructure projects. With the long-term tailwinds we've discussed today, you can see there's a consistent pipeline of new opportunities to deploy capital, which supports increased earnings power for each of our three platforms. Although there is a lot of excitement about our growth opportunities, we remain committed to a disciplined capital allocation process and financing our growth as efficiently as possible. Please turn to the next slide. One of the key takeaways of our capital plan is that we're projecting total 2024 rate base of $56 billion to expand to over $91 billion by 2029, which amounts to a 10% compounded annual growth rate. Please turn to the next slide to cover our financing plan. As we've highlighted throughout the morning, we have a very large capital plan focused on key investment opportunities with a primary focus on Texas. Our sources and uses call for a thoughtful mix of investable cash from operations, debt and equity issuances, capital investments, and capital returns to shareholders. Consistent with past practice, our recurring cash flows provide the majority of funds planned for capital investments. You will recall that in late 2023, we sold approximately $1.3 billion of common stock that settled at the end of last year. We also established our $3 billion ATM program in November of last year and sold approximately $270 million in equity under the program in the fourth quarter. The plan presented today is intended to provide strong support for our credit ratings with equity issuances in the front end of the plan and share repurchases on the back end. As Jeff will share later, we've historically grown our earnings faster than the sector, which requires a higher level of reinvestment in the business. We have remained consistent with both our dividend strategy and our commitment to maintaining a strong balance sheet. Please turn to the next slide. In response to requests from investors for a more fulsome view of Sempra's financing plans, in addition to the prior slide, which is our traditional view, this slide provides more detail into our financing strategy. On capital recycling, as we have demonstrated in the past, we'll evaluate and execute on opportunities at Sempra Infrastructure with a view toward improving our regulated business mix over time. In the future, we anticipate these opportunities could come from a variety of areas such as project equity, joint venture arrangements, asset sales, or further sell-downs within the capital structure of Sempra Infrastructure Partners, among other things. What's most important is we're going to remain focused on continuing to provide significant value for shareholders. As we look to fund our robust capital plan in the most efficient manner possible, finally, we also remain committed to growing our dividend as part of our total shareholder return strategy and are now in our fifteenth consecutive year of dividend raises. Please turn to the next slide. To wrap up my remarks, let me discuss our 2025 and 2026 guidance. As Jeff noted earlier, we're revising our 2025 EPS guidance range to $4.30 to $4.70. Our revised range contemplates Oncor submitting for a base rate review this year, which impacts their tracker filings while the case is ongoing. While there is a near-term earnings headwind this year associated with the filing, we believe it's the right business decision since Oncor is at an important inflection point in an unprecedented growth cycle. It's also important to note that the financial impact of higher growth at Oncor is not fully reflected in the intermediate-term financial results due to regulatory lag. However, we know over time that Texas will realize increased benefits of this growth and continue to be a larger and important contributor to Sempra's earnings mix. Beyond the adverse impacts of Oncor filing its base rate review, there are other considerations impacting Sempra's 2025 guidance. At Sempra California, we're negatively impacted by the implementation of the GRC final decision, a 42 basis point decrease in our return on equity determined by the CPUC related to the CCM, as well as the FERC order removing the 50 basis points California ISO adder to transmission-related ROE. Moving to Sempra Infrastructure, the two main variables factoring into the lower guidance are the delay in ECA LNG Phase 1 COD until spring of 2026 and recent changes to assumptions for natural gas prices. These will be partially offset by the optimization of transportation capacity. Finally, at Parent and Other, we have assumed higher interest expense as a result of higher capital investments in 2025 and a weighted capital structure mix more towards higher-rate hybrid security issuances. Please turn to the next slide. Looking to 2026, we're announcing projected midpoint earnings of over $3.3 billion as ECA LNG Phase 1 and Cimarron Wind are expected to reach commercial operations, and we start to see more benefits from Oncor's increased investments, including the SRP. This results in a projected EPS range of $4.80 to $5.30, based on 660 million shares outstanding, reflecting minor impacts from equity sales under our financing programs. To reiterate, we delivered solid financial performance in 2024, and we remain extremely excited about the future, particularly with improved visibility to strong growth in the medium and long term. With our new capital plan presented today, we're raising our projected long-term EPS growth rate to 7% to 9%. Please turn to the next slide where Jeff will finish with his closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Karen. Next, I'd like to briefly summarize the key takeaways from today's call. Over the last three decades, roughly 10% of public companies have been successful in consistently growing earnings faster than US GDP. That's why I've long believed that EPS growth in our sector and others is loosely correlated to GDP growth. Looking at this slide, you can see this play out over the last five, ten, and twenty-plus year time horizons. US GDP has grown on average at 2%, and over those same time periods, the utility sector has grown earnings per share in the range of 3% to 4%. In contrast, over the same time period, Sempra has been successful in growing its adjusted earnings per share faster than both US GDP and the utility sector's adjusted earnings. Note too that we're one of the few companies in the utility sector who have both, number one, announced a long-term EPS growth forecast of 7% to 9%, and also, number two, delivered that same level of growth over the short and long term. We've been able to accomplish this by emphasizing the importance of a clear corporate strategy, disciplined capital allocation, and efficient sourcing of capital while also simplifying and derisking our business and advancing a culture of high performance. To be clear, I have a bullish view of Sempra's future growth, and we believe we're in the right markets with the right strategy to continue posting strong financial results over the long term. Please turn to the next slide. In 2024, we delivered a total return of 21%. As shown on this slide, Sempra has also delivered a solid total return over the last three years of 45%, which compares favorably to the utility sector. Please turn to the next slide. There are two key takeaways here. First, there is a changing business mix within Sempra's earnings, with higher exposure to US investments and specifically regulated utilities. Second, driven by a portfolio of remarkable investment opportunities in Texas, our Sempra Texas platform is projected to account for over half our record $56 billion five-year capital plan. Given the plan that Allen outlined today, and the clear line of sight to significant new investments that fall outside of Oncor's $36 billion plan, we are taking concrete steps to firmly set our growth strategy around the Texas market. That includes setting an aspirational goal of producing one half of Sempra's earnings from Texas by the end of the decade. Please turn to the next slide. Earlier, I reviewed the strength of our recent total return. On this slide, you can see that Sempra has been successful in posting strong total returns that compete favorably with the utility sector and the broader market over a longer time horizon. That's why, from our perspective, the blueprint for long-term value creation comes from investing in good businesses, running them well, building leadership positions in key economic markets, allocating excess cash flow wisely, and compounding returns over long periods of time. At this point, I'll pause, and we'll take a moment to open up the line to take your questions. Thank you for joining today's call. Before opening up the Q&A, I want to make a few supplemental remarks. I know we've passed out a lot of new information this morning, and the changes in assumptions or calls and impact to your financial models also a lot of frustration. So let me start off by apologizing. We have lowered our guidance in 2025 due to a series of issues, most notably key changes in our planning assumptions in the last couple of months. First, the California GRC came in in late December below our planning assumptions, particularly on the front end of the plan. We do have opportunities, however, to support stronger growth from Sempra California in the back half of the plan as we get recovery from the investments we're making outside the GRC-based revenues. Second, based on the FERC decision on December 31, we have removed the FERC expected return on our transmission assets in California. And finally, and this is an important one, we think it's the right decision for Oncor to go back in early for a base rate review to reset its cost structure, and that puts downward pressure on their earnings forecast for this year. That decision will be made by the Oncor team later this spring. Now turning to guidance. We had the opportunity to continue a 6% to 8% growth rate off of 2024 actuals. I'd like to repeat that. We could have maintained a 6% to 8% growth rate, but we chose not to because we have fundamentally raised our expectation of the earnings power of this business over the long term. We have discussed this difference in view of long-term growth on previous earnings calls. But at Sempra, our long-term growth forecast represents the growth we expect to produce over a sustained period of time. In this higher growth environment, we believe that range is 7% to 9%, and we've appropriately raised our guidance. Turning now to our current five-year plan. We expect to grow earnings per share at 9% or higher. And we expect the earnings contribution from Texas, which is more valued in the market, to significantly increase as a part of our overall earnings mix, with Oncor's rate base roughly doubling over the plan period. Before I close out, let me tell you why we're confident in our plan and producing results well above what we've talked about today. Number one, as Karen talked about in her prepared remarks, the most important way to finance growth is through operating cash flows. That's why we have various initiatives underway at our company to improve our cost structure and our financial returns. Improved financial performance. Number two, as Allen outlined, his team expects to add another $12 billion to their capital plan. It's important to be clear here. That is incremental capital that is expected within the plan period between 2025 and 2029. Third, Port Arthur Phase 2 is not included in the plan, but we certainly expect that project to move forward later this year. You'll recall we have a very conservative practice of only putting projects in the plan at Sempra Infrastructure after they have reached a final investment decision. And finally, number four, in our utility segments, there are other planned opportunities related to authorized ROEs and capital structure, as well as other improvements to the applicable regulatory construct. In conclusion, we have lowered our guidance for 2025, but the key takeaway is we expect to produce stronger earnings per share growth in the future. Conservatively, we expect to produce 9% or higher through 2029, and it will disproportionately come from Sempra Texas. I'll stop at this point so the operator can open the call, and we'd be glad to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the prepared remarks. We will now open the line to take your questions. Please limit your questions to one question and one follow-up. If you would like to ask a question, we will pause for just a moment to allow everyone to signal for questions. And our first question will come from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, Shar. Good morning, guys. Good morning, Jeff. So just maybe starting off on the 2025 rebates, there are just three pieces I want to reconcile there. First, is the plan embedding lower rate-based growth in California, or is that partially moved to future plan years? And then similarly in Texas, does the higher interest and investment cost in 2025 reverse with the potential base rate filing? And then third, the natural gas sensitivity assumed versus the downward revision for 2025 there? Thanks. I mean, it's a loaded question, but it's just Yeah. On the Look, Shar, there's no question our revised guidance falls below the prior expectation that we've set. That being said, I think we're making the right decision for the business, particularly looking to bring Oncor in earlier for a base rate review. The answers to your question are yes, yes, and we have not disclosed the third answer. What I thought might be helpful is to see if Karen can go through a little bit more detail. Karen, you want to return to slide forty-two? It might be helpful to walk through the key drivers to our 2025 guidance.
Karen Sedgwick: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. So I think, you know, we just finished finalizing the five-year plan for our board last week, and there are a few key items at each business platform. So the first one that Jeff talked about, at Sempra Texas, you know, our plan assumes that Oncor does file this base rate review rather than waiting till 2027. Among other things, this impacts their tracker filings during the course of the proceeding, but also provides the opportunity to update their revenue requirements to reflect the higher O&M, insurance costs, and interest expense that they're seeing. With the unprecedented growth in Texas, we think it makes sense to file more periodic rate cases to ensure the company's financial strength. And while this is a negative for 2025, we think it's the right thing to do for Texas' future growth. Turning to California, we have adjusted our financial forecast to include the final decision on the GRC, which came in below the assumptions that were included in our prior plan. Also, it's important to note that the CPUC lowered the authorized return on equity by 42 basis points for 2025. That's in addition to the SPARC 50-point basis point ISO add-on that Jeff spoke about. In combination, these three items put downward pressure on our previous forecast for Sempra California. And then, of course, at SI last year, we announced the change in the expected schedule for commercial operations at ECA LNG to spring of 2026. And finally, at Parent, we're seeing higher interest expense from growth in our capital plan as well as updated assumptions related to changes in interest rates over the prior year's forecast. Given all these impacts, it was important for us to reset our 2025 guidance and create a new base for our expected growth.
Shar Pourreza: Thank you, Karen. And, Shar, to your third question, obviously, our natural gas price assumption has gone down across the plan period.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Got it. And then just lastly, shifting just to the forward view, you're highlighting the upside in Texas that is material and longer term on the SI side with Port Arthur going into service and Port Arthur 2 now on an FID track. I guess the incremental to the new 7% to 9% plan, what does that imply for where you are in the range coming off the lower base? Especially these incremental items come into plan? And I'm asking more around the current trajectory, not beyond 2029. Can you breach the 9% in the current trajectory? Thanks.
Jeff Martin: Yes, Shar. Thank you for that question. In the supplemental remarks I made earlier on this call, I clarified that we fully expect in the 2025 to 2029 plan to be at 9% or higher as a CAGR across that plan period. But remember, as we've always talked about, we tend to guide our EPS forecast over long periods of time at 7% to 9%. It just so happens that in the plan period, we fully expect to exceed that.
Shar Pourreza: Fantastic. Thank you, guys, so much. Appreciate it. Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Nick Campanella from Barclays. Your line is open.
Nick Campanella: Hi, Nick.
Nick Campanella: Hey. Good morning, everyone, or good afternoon. Thanks for taking the time. So I just wanted to touch on, you know, you're raising your rate base CAGR about 1%, and I understand you have to finance a lot of this capital, and there's lag in Texas. But, you know, a 1% increase in the rate base CAGR for, you know, roughly a 10% or more cut in EPS expectations just seems somewhat counterintuitive. And, you know, I know that you said you can get back. You're within the 6% to 8% off of 2024 on when you look back to the original plan, you can get there. But even using the high end of the 7% to 9% plan, you know, it doesn't imply that you're really back in that range until 2029. I could have something wrong with the math there, but just why is it prudent to invest this much amount of capital and for shareholders to kind of take this much pain upfront for that capital? Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. Thank you, Nick, for the question. You know, on a couple of points there, as we did clarify, we could have maintained a 6% to 8% long-term EPS growth rate off the 2024 actuals. And that gives you some sense about how we're thinking about the future. What's fundamentally changed in this higher growth environment for all utilities is we think we have the opportunity for sustained EPS growth at levels above 6% to 8%, and we've guided into the long term for that range. In the plan that we're talking about, we will not produce 7% to 9%. We expect to produce 9% or higher. And to your point, there's no question that the front end of our financial results has been impacted. We've got a lot of work to do as a management team to grind through 2025 to exceed expectations and come back in 2026 and do it again. But long term, there's a fundamental view in our company that we have the opportunity to produce higher earnings and higher earnings per share than we've done historically. And that's why we're guiding to above the 9% range for the 2025 to 2029 period. And let me give you an example of why I'm so bullish if you'll allow me. Number one, go back to Oncor. This is one of the upsides to our plan. I think it's very important to be clear about where our expectations are. Oncor has a base plan of $36 billion that's shown on slide fourteen. This is a conservative view and generally covers only three areas of planned investment, Nick. First, approved investments inside SRP. Number two, capital investments where all regulatory approvals are already in hand. And capital needed to satisfy large C&I transmission requests that are subject to an existing interconnection or other agreement. Within that same planning horizon of 2025 to 2029, again, 2025 to 2029, Oncor management expects to make additional capital investments totaling $12 billion, and that's really important. And I'm just gonna ballpark it for you. But if you run that through the waterfall of their earned ROE and their existing equity layer, that's $400 million to $500 million of upside earnings that we're talking about coming from that capital. And you can see that reflected on slide. So allow me to talk about, Nick, what some of those incremental opportunities are expected by the Oncor management team. There are seven of them. Number one, updates to the roll-forward system resiliency plan for calendar years 2028 and 2029. You'll recall that SRP today finishes in 2027 roughly. Number two, transmission investments in the Delaware Basin Load Integration Plan. They are waiting for regulatory approval today. Transmission projects required by the local plan within the Permian Basin Reliability Study or regulatory approvals are also pending. And similarly, import pathways arising from the Permian Basin Reliability Study. There are three more new transmission projects for customers who are expected to sign interconnection or other agreements. And number six, transmission identified in ERCOT's Strategic Transmission Expansion Plan they're expected within the planning period. And finally, additional maintenance and distribution upgrades. When we acquired the majority of Oncor in 2018, the rate base was $12 billion. Today, it's more than doubled to $26 billion, and we expect it to double again to over $52 billion by 2029. And that $52 billion does not have the $12 billion of initial investments that are now expected. When you take the base plan together with the additional capital opportunities outlined, Oncor expects to invest approximately $48 billion in the electrical network through 2029. I hope that's helpful.
Nick Campanella: Thanks for the information. And then I guess just moving to the equity needs, we clarified, you know, it seems like there's a lot of equities in the front part of the plan. Is that going to be would you consider a block? And then you kind of talked about buying back stock. In footnote two, the sources and uses, and I heard you in the prepared remarks, Karen. Could you know, if you're issuing equity and repurchasing equity in the same five-year plan, where does the balance sheet stand in the near term, and you know, why is that the right kind of strategy here? Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. Nick, I'll address that. And Karen, you can come in if you want to add anything to my comment. But I would refer you to slide thirty-three, Nick. You know, our equity needs are substantially similar to what we'd outlined on a net basis over the last couple of years. I would the three things I'd focus on is the most efficient source of financing is always our operating cash flow. We have a number of different initiatives in place to improve returns and lower costs. We can maximize our internally generated cash flows. That will be a priority and the core part of our financing plan. Second, we'll look to issue new debt as well as new hybrids that get 50% equity treatment. And to your point, I want to speak specifically to it. You recall last quarter, we established an ATM program to provide additional financing flexibility. We plan to use that program and other sources of equity financing, including asset sales at Sempra Infrastructure. We've got an evaluation process underway focusing on our Mexican assets, and that's something we'll look to update the Street on in the coming months and quarters. That can come in the form of selling down further in the capital structure at SI as well as the expected asset sales referenced. Assuming asset sales at or above the $1 billion level, we expect to issue $2 billion to $3 billion in net equity, and that's reflected on slide thirty-three. Each of these sources will be used to efficiently fund our capital plan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Hey. So just could you give us some sense of where FFO to debt is at the, I guess, 2024 and 2025, and just, if you had a chance to show the new plan to the rating agencies and how that affects their view?
Jeff Martin: Yeah. Sure. One of the things we do, Steve, is we always coordinate our capital plan, our expected sources and uses closely with the rating agencies. This is obviously something we'll be meeting with them in later this spring. But, Karen, perhaps you can just update Steve on where we're at in terms of current discussions.
Karen Sedgwick: Sure. So I will say for 2024, we're below their metrics for FFO to debt for the main agencies. We are in constant discussions with them about our financial plan, and that's why in our sources and uses, you saw that we had some equity in there. And that, of course, is to get us closer to those metrics that they're looking for in FFO to debt.
Jeff Martin: The other thing I would add, Steve, is it's been helpful recently as we crystallized the 2023 offering that we had in forwards at the end of December. We also got off some ATM equity in the fourth quarter. And, obviously, adding about $3 billion of hybrids last year was also helpful.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. But yeah. Are you gonna disclose what the FFO to debt was? Or in the plan?
Jeff Martin: Well, you know, we target it yeah. We target obviously 15% at S&P, and Karen or Glen, you'll add anything else to that.
Glen Donovan: Yeah. Obviously, our plan is to beat and exceed those metrics. So those are the discussions that we're having with the rating agencies right now.
Jeff Martin: And the equity that Jeff took you through is gonna be what gets us there.
Steve Fleishman: So, Steve, I think we're comfortable in the plan that will meet our metrics for 2025.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then on the earned returns in Texas, can you give us any waiver on just even in 2026? But by the time you do have rate relief, kind of what earned ROEs are you earning and know, like, rough cut looks like they're still, like, 7% to 8%, but could be wrong there. But just, like, how do you get those up toward the allowed and when?
Jeff Martin: Yeah. Yeah. Thank you for the question. You know, for our audience, you recall that we've got a 9.7% authorized ROE because we have a we filed two different trackers both for distribution and transmission each year. Steve, you're noting it correctly. We've got regulatory lag at that business. That impacts our earned ROE. The second thing that impacts earned ROE, Steve, is, remember, they have a backwards test year. So right now, they're operating off of their 2021 cost structure. The most important thing is across that planning cycle, they will generally be between 8% and 9%. At some point in the five-year plan, they're actually above 9%. A couple of things are happening. Right? SRP both the current SRP and the roll-forward SRP for 2028 and 2029 are helpful. Plus, we expect to do things relative to our ROEs and equity layers and probably just as importantly is to true up our cost structure. One of the things that they've gone through is they've historically not gone in for a rate case on a periodic basis. But I think what's important now is they're going through so much growth, Steve, as they build out their delivery capability. It's very important, and we should assume that they come back in more periodic rate cases. So we're comfortable that they'll have higher earned ROEs across the planning period. But generally, they run in that 8% to 9% and much closer to 9% a little bit above or below that toward the end of the planning cycle.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Last question, just you know, obviously, this is a big reset to the prior plans, and then you've kind of highlighted now this 9% growth up from the 7% to 9%, you said? This morning. Just what Jeff, or could you say we talked to folks, like, you're gonna do differently to make sure you hit this 9% or better?
Jeff Martin: Yeah. A couple of things. I appreciate you giving me the opportunity to have the question as I think we've got the right strategy, Steve. We've got a good financing plan. We've got a lot of growth. And part of what you're challenged to do is make sure you're allocating capital to the highest opportunities. I think what we just went through with our board of directors we just finalized our financial plan last week, is making sure that we're allocating capital, Steve, disproportionately to the businesses we think will earn the highest value on the street. And you're seeing us gear our capital plan around growth at Oncor in our Sempra Texas segment. One of the most important things we can do is continue to deliver better regulatory outcomes. We had a series of regulatory outcomes at the end of 2024. And you recall, Steve, that California rate case was supposed to be decided in December of 2023. That put a lot more entropy into our financial plan. I'd offer two things to you. Number one, we need to finish our financial planning process earlier in the year. Number two, we need to make sure that we're delivering better regulatory outcomes. And number three, which I feel very good about, is we need to continue to allocate capital with a lot of discipline where we can produce the best results. And I think taking Oncor back in for a rate case, even though it pushes downward pressure on their returns this year, is the right thing for the business longer term. So a little bit of a different view in terms of how you frame that is. There is a 100% chance that we have lowered our expectations for what we can produce in 2025 and 2026. That's a management issue. I personally own that. You should expect to see us fight and claw to exceed expectations in 2025, and we come back and do that again in 2026. But the key point I want to tell you is the earnings power of this business is higher today than it was a year ago. So you can focus on the 2029 plan, but our longer-term assumption of what we can produce in a higher growth environment has gone up, and that's not really related to the reset of 2025. We see more earnings power in the business, and what we need to do, Steve, is spend more time with our investors and the sell side to make sure there's no asymmetry of knowledge. The planning numbers we have in front of us are not the exact planning numbers y'all have visibility to. I think part of the answer to your question is, let's find ways to have more transparency so that you have the same confidence that we do in the long-term earnings power of the business.
Steve Fleishman: Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question, please. Our next question will come from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. Line is open.
David Arcaro: Good morning, David.
David Arcaro: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. I guess, maybe a bit of a continuation of that last question. Is there a point in the plan where you expect that crossover to meet kind of when you catch back up to the prior 6% to 8%, you know, EPS growth level?
Jeff Martin: Look, I'm not sure that we're providing the guidance as to where the crossover occurs. I think what we're trying to express is we've really revised the long-term view of the earnings per share growth rate that we can deliver while talking about inside our five-year planning period, we expect to beat that rate of growth. And that's really important. I mean, even today, in the fifth year of our plan, we've got an earnings per share number that is well above the fifth year of last year's plan. Right? So what we're trying to do is make sure that we're guiding the strength of our convictions about the business growth, the ability to grow the business in the long term. And we don't feel great about the 2025 guidance, but it was the right thing to do for the business. Our job now, David, is to make sure that we execute well in 2025 and 2026, make sure we earn everyone's confidence.
David Arcaro: Yep. Understood. Appreciate the comments there. And then maybe, you know, would you be able to touch on the that we've got active legislation, active legislative backdrops, I guess, in both Texas and California here. Would you be able to touch on your thoughts around potential impact or changes to the financial profile of Texas utilities based on any legislation that could come this session and then maybe on the wildfire legislative backdrop in California, any efforts there to look for some more longer-term changes to the wildfire funding and protection in the state?
Jeff Martin: Sure. Sure. There's a variety of questions here, but what might be helpful is let me give you a little bit of visibility into where the growth is coming from in Texas. Because I think that's reflective of the quality of the legislative session we had two years ago. And I think that also impacts how Allen can talk about that. But, Allen, if you could do two things, maybe provide a little bit of color about where you're seeing growth show up on the system and how that influences some of the regulatory initiatives you're following in Austin.
Allen Nye: Sure, Jeff. Thank you. I know I talked a lot about growth in my prepared remarks, so it's unprecedented. Really unlike anything we've ever seen, and I'll try to break it down into some categories and maybe provide some color and some context. First, premise growth, as I said before, continues to be around 2% annual. We connected 77,000 new premises in 2024, a 5% year-over-year increase from 2023. The story really continues to be transmission points of interconnection, where we set a record for new and active transmission POIs in our queue. The total for 2024 is up above the total for 2023 by about 28%. Broken down into generation and LC&I, the two categories here, generation in 2024 is up about 8% over where it was in December of 2023. And then the real story continues to be on the LC&I queue, where 2024 numbers were up about 62% above where they were in December of 2023. This LC&I queue potential load is about a 250% increase over where we were in December of 2023. Broken down two ways and two pieces rather, about 119 gigawatts of that 137 total is data centers, and about 18 gigawatts is non-data center, more traditional LC&I. With regard to this potential LC&I load, in 2024, we submitted to ERCOT a list of LC&I customers that we had high confidence that they would eventually sign an agreement and post collateral, which we believe are clear key indicators of the likelihood of the potential load actually materializing. So in 2024, we submitted 25 gigawatts of high-confidence load. In 2025, we increased that to 29 gigawatts of high-confidence potential load. So when you look at our 2025 high-confidence load projection of 29 and you add that to the number of customers with whom we already have signed agreements involving collateral, that represents potential new load of approximately 36 gigawatts on a system that presently peaks at about 31 gigawatts. So we're looking at increasing potentially our peak load by about 200% or more by 2031. Now, an important component to that factor or that fact rather is that is LC&I customers alone. That growth number does not include residential growth, does not include small commercial growth, and it does include oil and gas growth that will ultimately connect to the Permian project. So when you're looking at our $36 billion five-year capital plan right now, we only have about 12 gigawatts of that LC&I load in the $36 billion plan, with about 8.5 gigawatts of that being data. So to Jeff's point, when you look at the incremental bucket, we fully expect much of that $12 billion to ultimately be part of our base plan. I'll just conclude by saying West Texas remains very strong. The far West Texas weather zone set a new peak in 2024 that is about 6% plus above the prior year peak. And then with regards to our two transmission loops that serve that area, the Culberson new peak in 2024 was about 42% above the peak in 2023. And the stand peak was about 8.8% above the 2023 peak. So overall, incredibly strong growth all over our system, which is really driving the increased cap numbers that Jeff just described.
Jeff Martin: I'm talking about regulatory initiatives you're tracking? Legislation?
Allen Nye: Yeah. Yeah. So we're early on in the Texas legislative session. And, you know, we still have a long ways to go with committee hearings and bills still being filed. Some of the things that, you know, we're particularly interested in or following are, you know, various ideas related to the backlog and increase in large load customers, much of which I just discussed. And in particular, issues related to cost. For example, SP6, proposals to reflect utility actual cap structures as reflected in recent financial filings, such as HB 2668. I think this would be an important step because it would shore up the balance sheets of the state utilities during this high period of really strong growth. And then we're tracking various ideas that could potentially set limits on utility liabilities of utilities given, you know, some of the more challenging weather events that we're all facing, and there's been at least a couple of bills filed in that regard and maybe more to come. So we're gonna continue watching. There's other concepts as well, but those are some of the key areas right now. Like, the bottom line is we remain very confident that the state of Texas will continue to implement good public policies that support both our customers and our shareholders.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Allen. And David, I'll also talk a little bit about how we're thinking about legislation in California. As you know, we have a financial backstop in place today under AB 1054. Over the last five years, I think that served the state well, providing stability to the marketplace as well as allowing utilities to raise capital efficiently, which also reduces costs to customers. I'm not prepared to forecast the outcome of this legislative session, but I'm confident that the right people are focused on the issue with a view toward reducing risk. And remember, this is not just a utility issue. This is a broader wildfire risk. It's really a societal issue in California. I would also note that on slide forty-seven and forty-eight, David, we provide a wildfire mechanism summary about how it works currently. And in that scenario, at the very bottom of the second page on forty-eight, you can see it outlines that the liability cap at SDG&E using that 20% of the rolling three-year average rate base is $1.4 billion, and that's a worst-case scenario. Beyond the wildfire mechanism, SDG&E has not had a significant utility-caused wildfire in seventeen years. And recently, SDG&E encountered substantially similar, in some cases, worse red flag conditions than was experienced in the LA region this year. And SDG&E successfully managed its system safely. So we think there's an opportunity for legislation. We feel great about the backdrop of AB 1054. But the most important thing we can do as a management team across all three of our business platforms is run our businesses safely and protect our communities.
David Arcaro: Great. Thanks very much.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. Our next question will come from Ross Fowler from Bank of America. Line is open.
Ross Fowler: Good morning, Ross. Good morning.
Ross Fowler: Morning or afternoon on this side of the phone. How are you? So just a couple of questions, kind of maybe one for you, Karen, go back to slide forty-two for a second. Just trying to understand kind of the moving pieces and maybe the magnitude of the moving pieces a little bit. I know the exact magnitudes aren't here, but California GRC PD was out in the fall, and ECA LNG Phase 1 was delayed to the spring of 2026 in August, I believe, of last year. So was that sort of contemplated in your prior 2025 guidance kind of on the third quarter call on that EAI? Was that pushing you to the low end? Or is most of the magnitude sort of midpoint to midpoint based on the Texas changes, the fifty basis points, the things that we've got since then, or just trying to figure out what was in 2025 on the third quarter call on some of these factors and then what kind of moved everything.
Jeff Martin: Sure. Hey, Ross. Thank you for the question. Obviously, we talked about the three most important recent events, two of which were at the very end of December and then the recent decision on some of the 2025 issues that you're referring to, the base rate case non-core. Karen, why don't you go back and review?
Karen Sedgwick: Sure. And it's a good question because, as you know, we were working on our plan, you know, all through the fall. And again, I mentioned we just finalized it recently. So some of the data points we had, and some we did not. So starting with the California rate case, we had a proposed decision in that rate case. We received the final at the end of December, which was unfortunately not, you know, we thought it would get better between the proposed and the final, but that's typically what we see. We did not see that here. And then going into January, as we implemented that rate case, we continue to see more, you know, pieces as we put that through our financial plan. And again, the impact of having things outside the rate case and having to hold those funds on our balance sheet is causing additional pressure because it's taking so long for us to get that funding. Now, again, we think that gets resolved in the latter half of the plan, but that was certainly an impact that continued to get worse. The other two big pieces in California, the piece we knew about was the cost of capital. That was the bigger of the two, obviously. And I think you could check that as probably about, you know, a fifty million hit there. What was added at the end of December was the FERC ISO adder that again was unexpected. So, that's closer, I think, to about twenty million additional. So those are two things that also impacted California. In Texas, you know, this is really brand new. We really looked at the plan. We talked a lot to Oncor about going in for this rate case, just seeing the higher cost, this capital growth, the rise in insurance, and overall O&M costs. The decision here really is it gets a hit to 2025. We think it's the right thing to do. So I know it's hard. I know it's disappointing. We think this is the right decision to get earnings in the future. And then as I mentioned, as we load in the Texas growth, which was again higher than we anticipated in even November or December, that's having us increase interest at the parent to fund all this growth. So there's a mixture there of things we knew in the third quarter and then things that became newly aware of in late December and, you know, and really some of these items just in the last two weeks. Jeff, do you want to add anything there?
Jeff Martin: No. I think that's good.
Ross Fowler: No. Thank you. And then just Jeff, you said something interesting about the growth rate because it's growing at about 12%, 13% midpoint to midpoint, 2025 to 2026. And then you said interesting on the call, that that should pull through the future years. So if I think about 7% to 9%, I'm just trying to think about the right base here. Should I think about that 7% to 9%, or now you're saying 9% off the 2026 base because that growth is pulling through? Or should I think about the above 9% on the 2025? How should I go about that?
Jeff Martin: I think this is one of the challenges, Ross. I think we've had conversations with you and other analysts. You know, for many, many years, we did not have a long-term EPS growth rate. And I think it was in 2022 where we brought that back. And one of the reasons we brought it back was we view that as a long-term expectation of sustained growth, what we think we can produce. So think about that over seven to ten years. Really in an upswing of capital spending across the industry. Based on our visibility, we try to provide some of that today as you saw the growth that Oncor's anticipated in the 2030 to 2034 timeframe. So we have a raised expectation of how we can grow the business over the long term. Now when you come back inside the 2025 to 2029 plan, which you're articulating, we certainly think that we're gonna be at or above the high end of that. Right? And the issue will be what happens in the intra-planning years that you're referring to. And this is one of the issues is most analysts just take, you know, 1.07 or 1.08 and they add that each year in the plan, and we don't expect our earnings growth to be like that. We expect there to be periods of growth well above 7% to 9% at various parts of the plan, and you're gonna have years like you have now where you've got the lower growth in 2025. So if you think about our business over a long period of time, we have had inflection points just like you see today. The management team is frustrated by it, many of our investors are frustrated by it. But, fundamentally, our view of what we can produce over longer periods of time has increased. And we're gonna try to do exactly what you're talking about. Increase the growth rate in the intra-planning years through 2029. I've given you kind of a roadmap of the things we're gonna be focused on to try to improve our projections.
Ross Fowler: And some of that growth variance, Jeff, to be fair, is the lumpiness of when projects come into that period?
Jeff Martin: That's exactly correct. I mean, as an example, you raised this with Karen. It was a significantJeff Martin: issue that we could maintain guidance for 2025 by moving ECA Phase 1 out of 2025. That was a big issue. We felt confident we had planning room to do that. There was kind of a series of things that put us into the low end of the range as Karen talked about. And these three recent events, I think, were caused us to reassess 2025. I don't think 2025 is an inflection point for us, Ross. I think you're on the right issues. We're going to exceed expectations relative to 7% to 9%. What we have to do a better job of is in the near term, producing results that exceed expectations. We've got a track record of doing that, and there's a commitment on our management team to get back to that.
Ross Fowler: Okay. Thank you very much.
Jeff Martin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question will come from Carly Davenport from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Carly Davenport: Hey, Jeff. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just two quick ones for me on upcoming regulatory filings. First, just as you look to cost of capital in California, just given some of the moving pieces there lately, can you talk a little bit about what you expect to put forth there? And anything you can share about what's embedded kind of in the plan around California returns?
Jeff Martin: Yeah. I would just start with saying that we saw some backwardation in the authorized returns in California in the last twelve months as there were changes to the cost of capital mechanism. That filing is upcoming for our company, and we look forward to doing that. I think our planning assumption is something very similar to what we have in the plan today. We also think given the market environment, it's an opportunity to improve our returns in the state.
Carly Davenport: Great. That's helpful. And then just as you look towards potential Oncor rate case filing. Apologies if I missed this, but I think you had mentioned a more frequent cadence of filings there going forward. Just kind of any color on what you think that could look like relative to the four-year requirement?
Jeff Martin: Yeah. You recall that the two rate cases ago, Oncor settled their rate case in November of 2017. That was in the midst that was in the middle of our purchase of the EFH interest. They went back in with a base year of 2021 to prosecute that case in 2022. And remember, it wasn't actually finalized until May of 2023. So you got a rate case in May of 2023 with a cost run rate in that business off of 2021, and think about the growth they've been through, Carly, in terms of headcount, O&M, increased insurance costs. And I think that's really been together with the regulatory lag, putting pressure on their earned ROEs. We think this is the right time. It's something that we don't want to be defensive about in the middle of the year. But we're comfortable enough to assume that in our guidance. And it does put material downward pressure on our expectation for 2025. But you'll see that have a very positive expectation in 2026. It'll depend on when those rates are effective. I think this is the right thing to do to put them on a better footing to earn much higher earned ROEs.
Carly Davenport: Appreciate that color. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Carly.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Anthony Crowdell from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Anthony Crowdell: Hello. Good afternoon. How are you doing? Just two quick questions. One is, I guess, maybe it's kind of following Steve's question earlier. If I think about the cadence of regulatory filings, I think there's another filing that would happen in California maybe in 2026 for new rates in 2028. What confidence do you have that the plan is stressed enough that, you know, we don't have a repeat of it looks like a challenging filing came as December that caused this reset that the next plan is a similar thing, given even though Texas is growing, it's still 45% of the company.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. A couple of things is, you know, through 2027, when we come back into California and file the next rate case, good news in California is you use a forward test year, which I think is a positive fact. We've also got the pending FERC decision about what our new FERC rate of return will be. Now you may remember, we filed for 12.25% without the FERC adder. That's 11.75%. There's an opportunity to prosecute that case or settle it. But we think there's an opportunity to improve returns at FERC. Obviously, Carly mentioned this too, but the cost of capital mechanism this year is a positive. And obviously, the regulatory filings taking place in Oncor's positive. I will mention that CenterPoint on their recent rate case got a slightly higher bump to their equity layer. Clearly, I think there's an opportunity there as well for Oncor. So look, I think we've got the business set up now where we have relatively conservative assumptions. I've outlined all the positive aspects of opportunities that are not in the plan. But you're raising another good one, which is there are opportunities around earned ROEs, capital structure, and other issues in the regulatory compact both in Texas and California and with FERC, which could prove to be upside to our plan.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then just one quick follow-up. Think to Ross's question, you talked about investors may miss some of the earnings power of the company. If they just take last year's number and multiply it by 1.07, you know, what's some factor. Just start as you feel and just hearing it, you think the plan is more resilient. Thoughts of not giving annual guidance further than just two years. You give us 2025. You give us 2026. We've seen some companies that feel really good about their plan even giving us an annual guidance north of the two years. Any thoughts of doing that to give the street more transparency of the earnings power given it may not be linear?
Jeff Martin: Yeah. You know, you make a great point because it certainly has not been historically linear for our company, and I think this has been a misunderstanding from time to time. If you go back to the middle part of the last decade, we gave out years one and two, and we gave a fifth-year earnings guidance. I wish I'd given a fifth-year earnings guidance for the call because I think people would be a lot happier, by the way. We haven't done that. But I would say that what we started doing in 2022, Anthony, was given years one and two. And I think we understand that we can deliver those with some level of confidence today. We're gonna try to beat those. And then we've raised our long-term EPS guidance range. We think about that as a number beyond the planning period. But I've indicated that we're quite confident that we can deliver at or above that range in the planning period. So you raised a good point. I think the key issue is to make sure that there's not asymmetry of knowledge between what we have in our plan and how we illustrate it or make it transparent to Wall Street. I think we've got some more work to be done in that area. So we're certainly open-minded about other ideas to increase that transparency.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jeff Martin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Paul Fremont from Ladenburg Thalmann and Co. Line is open.
Paul Fremont: Great. Guess my first question is really a follow-up to Carly's question. In terms of cost of capital, are you assuming that there's no significant change in the ROE assumption that comes out of the cost of capital this year?
Jeff Martin: Yeah. I would say that we've got an existing cost of capital for both businesses. I think in the plan today, we think it's substantially similar to that, but I think there's an opportunity to exceed the plan expectations.
Paul Fremont: Great. And then also following up on sort of David Arcaro's question on California legislation. If there was no replenishment of the fund, is there an alternative that you see coming out of the legislature rather than topping up the fund back to the $21 billion?
Jeff Martin: This is a great question. And, obviously, this has been on the minds of a lot of people up and down the state and a lot of people who are investors in the state. And what I can't do is I really can't forecast the outcome. I can basically say this. The mechanism that's in place today has worked well. I know there's a lot of ideas today about, for example, extending the CWR bonds, which would make that a in perpetuity fund. So it'd go well above $21 billion. That's one of the ideas that's been floated around. Another idea that's been floated is allowing for greater participation from other utilities in the state, specifically the large municipal utilities. There's been discussions around allowing each utility to have their own separate or segregated wildfire fund. From our standpoint, it goes back to a couple of things. Number one, gotta remember this is a societal issue in California. Right? Wildfires are rarely started by utilities. Lots of people are impacted, and I think there's a lot of focus on making sure this gets solved. I know, for example, that Guggenheim is back in as a consultant with the governor's office. Guggenheim was also a consultant back in 2019 for AB 1054. So, look, I think the right people are joined on the issue. And from our standpoint, because we had such little contributions to the fund and a relatively low liability cap even if we were to improve it, we think the fund makes a lot of sense. Anything we can do as a state to strengthen the fund and ensure there's not issues or concerns like the ones you're addressing would be very, very helpful. But we feel good about, number one, making sure we run a safe business. That will always be our day-to-day focus, and we'll obviously be at the table in Sacramento to support legislation that strengthens either the current mechanism or some form of replacement that's better than what we currently have.
Paul Fremont: And then another California utility sort of implied that it might not happen this legislative session, that it might take two years for the legislature to put something new in place. Is that timing consistent with your thoughts?
Jeff Martin: Look. Yeah. Now I've said it a couple of times now. I'm not prepared to forecast an outcome. I'm prepared to say that a lot of people are working on it right now. So I think an answer from our legislative body sooner rather than later would be helpful. I feel good about the current framework of AB 1054. So any activity that strengthens Wall Street's confidence that you can earn an appropriate return in California is a positive. And guess what? It also allows our ratepayers to have lower costs. So this issue of taking risk away from the business, making sure we have the appropriate returns and the appropriate equity layers. That's very, very important in terms of how we access capital. And it allows the ratepayers to be exposed to less cost.
Paul Fremont: And then when I look at your 2026 sort of guidance numbers, it looks like the benefit at Oncor is mostly eaten up or completely eaten up by losses or additional loss at the parent. Can you is that because of the timing of the Oncor rate case or what's happening there?
Jeff Martin: Yeah. Would you mind repeating that question again?
Paul Fremont: Sure. It looks in 2026 as if the improvement at Sempra Texas is more than offset by additional losses at the parent.
Jeff Martin: Well, you know, I would say there's a lot of different things that go into the parent cost structure. Right? Obviously, it has to do with how we're, you know, financing the business, whether we're using hybrids, we're using traditional financing mechanisms, whether we're doing equity. I would not associate those two together. I think what we're trying to do is we're gonna provide greater earnings power from all three business segments across the five-year plan. And I think Karen's job and Glen's job as the treasurer is to make sure we're financing it in the most efficient way possible. If we can beat those 2026 numbers, I can assure you we're gonna try to do that.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's question and answer session. At this time, we'd like to turn the conference back to Jeff Martin for any additional closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: No. I would just say that we're pleased that people could join on the call. I know there's been a lot of changes in terms of how people are thinking about our business. Appreciate the fact that there are some competing calls today as well. We appreciate everyone joining us. I want to mention that our executive team is attending multiple investor conferences in New York next week. I think that's a real opportunity to meet with Oncor and our senior team. We hope to see many of you there. Per customer, if there are any follow-up items, please reach out to our IR team with your questions. Thank you again, and this concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. For your participation, you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-06 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Sempra's Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn it over to Glen Donovan. Please go ahead.
Glen Donovan : Good morning, and welcome to Sempra's third quarter 2024 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation are available on our website under our Events and Presentations section. We have several members of our management team with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karen Sedgwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Justin Bird, Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Caroline Winn, Chief Executive Officer of SDG&E; Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer and other members of our senior management team. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Earnings per common share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. I'd also like to mention that forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only of today, November 6, 2024, and it's important to note that the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin : Thank you, Glen, and thank you all for joining us today. At Sempra, we believe the growth narrative for energy infrastructure continues to strengthen. With economic expansion and rising electricity demand, the United States is at a critical juncture where expanded investment is needed to upgrade and modernize its synergy networks. Nationally, we face mounting challenges in the form of aging infrastructure, extreme weather events and increased demands being placed on finite dispatchable generation resources. These trends confirm a growing need for new infrastructure investments to improve the resiliency of our energy networks, while at the same time extending the grid to new and diverse sources of energy. Consider that by 2030, the United States will need to have invested over $600 billion in transmission and distribution and that forecast will likely prove conservative due to a series of sector tailwinds. Here's an example. Today, Texas is the eighth largest economy in the world and accounts for the highest level of both consumption and production of energy in the U.S. The International Energy Agency is now estimating that by 2026, global AI and data centers will require nearly twice the amount of electricity that the State of Texas currently consumes each year. So demand from digital infrastructure is another important growth driver for our sector. It also flags what I believe is an underappreciated investment thesis at Sempra. Here, we believe the best low risk and high growth play on AI is high voltage transmission. Allen will discuss this later in today's call, but there's a significant queue of over 350 gigawatts of generation and storage waiting to come on the grid in Texas. The critical success factor there is the speed at which companies like Oncor can build, modernize and extend the high voltage transmission grid. That's exactly why the Texas Legislature passed a bill last session to shorten the permitting timeline for new transmission investments. Not only is Oncor expected to build more high voltage transmission this decade than any other company in America, Oncor's regulated transmission investments officially go into rates with tracker filings being made twice annually. So the key takeaway for our industry is with economic expansion and higher expected demand growth, it's reasonable to believe that sector EPS growth will trend higher than historical norms. From my perspective to outperform the peer group in this environment, it requires four key advantages. Number one, a clear and executable corporate strategy. Number two, exposure to sustained growth in large economic markets with constructive regulation. Number three, economies of scale and operations, technology and access to capital and number four, a strong track record of disciplined capital allocation. That's why in this higher growth environment, Sempra is well positioned to outperform its peer group. We have the leading utility platforms in the two largest economies in the United States, both Texas and California. And we also own an infrastructure business with scale that invest in projects providing secure and cleaner forms of energy, targeting higher equity returns in our utilities and contributing important cash flows that support our balance sheet and capital campaign. Currently, we're in the middle of our fall planning process and one of the early takeaways from network is we have improved visibility to a growing portfolio of investment opportunities. Next, turning to our financial results. I'm pleased with the progress the company has made in the third quarter and throughout the year as we continue to wait a final GRC decision in California. Earlier this morning, we reported adjusted EPS of $0.89 for the third quarter and year-to-date adjusted EPS of $3.12. As a reminder, these results do not yet reflect the California GRC proposed decision, which is pending before the commission. Assuming the final decision is received before year end, the earnings impacts will be applied retroactively to the beginning of 2024. As a result, we're affirming our full year 2024 adjusted EPS guidance range, 2025 EPS guidance range and projected long-term EPS growth rate. Next, I'll turn the call over to Allen Nye, who will take us through recent developments at Oncor, which I continue to believe has the best growth story in our industry. Please turn to the next slide.
Allen Nye : Thank you, Jeff. I'm excited to share another update on the remarkable growth opportunities we have at Oncor. To start with, EIA's latest short-term energy outlook forecasts 5% load growth between 2024 and 2025 across all ERCOT customers. And longer term, ERCOT expects power demand in Texas to grow by 80% through 2030 from the recent peak demand record of approximately 85 gigawatts. Moving to our operational achievements. In the third quarter, Oncor built, rebuilt or upgraded over 800 miles of T&D lines, increased our premise count by approximately 19,000 and received a 50% increase in new large C&I POI requests. Turning to the $24 billion five-year capital plan that we announced earlier this year, we continue to see a growing portfolio of new investment opportunities. As you'll recall, we filed our inaugural system resiliency plan or SRP, earlier this year and reached an unopposed settlement in August. We continue to advance our filing through the regulatory process, but as a reminder, the SRP is incremental to our current capital plan. Oncor's SRP investment will total nearly $3 billion of capital expenditures designed to reduce risk and over $500 million of incremental O&M expense, with the majority of the spending to occur in calendar years 2025 to 2027. If approved by the PUCT, we expect to start incurring that spends before the end of the year. We discussed the SRP with the PUCT at its open meeting a couple of weeks ago. And we expect them to continue their consideration of the plan and settlement at their meeting on November 14. We've also developed a leading wildfire mitigation program in the state of Texas and continue to leverage the expertise and insights gained from the Texas Forest Service and SDG&E among others. In addition to the SRP, new investment opportunities are being driven by large C&I customers looking to connect to Oncor system. The continued increase in interconnection interest and commitments comes from large C&I customers spanning multiple diverse industries located throughout Oncor service territory. We are currently executing our fall planning cycle in alignment with Sempra to assess future capital projects, and we'll be announcing our new five year capital plan on the fourth quarter call. Given ongoing economic expansion in Texas and significant new customer growth, plus transmission anticipated within ERCOT, we're expecting a significant increase in our roll forward five year capital plan of anywhere between 40% to 50% from our current capital plan. In Texas, our growth opportunities remain robust and the regulatory framework supports critical new investments to expand our system and improve grid resiliency and reliability for our customers. And across our management team, we couldn't be more excited to support the growing energy needs of our customers. Please turn to the next slide. Next, I'd like to turn your attention to another major tailwind positively impacting Oncor's anticipated service territory growth over both the intermediate and long term. Today, ERCOT projects demand growth in the Permian Basin to quadruple to 26.4 gigawatts in 2038 from the 2023 actual level of 6.6 gigawatts. This represents an impressive compound annual growth of nearly 10%, proving once again that the region has some of the strongest growth prospects in the nation. In early fall, the PUCT approved ERCOT's Permian Basin reliability plan, which permits all common local projects totaling approximately $4 billion to commence immediately, irrespective of the voltage level that the commission will eventually approve for the needed import paths. We expect Oncor to capture a significant portion of the new capital investment opportunities given our current operations in the Permian Basin and ERCOT's preliminary recommendations. Project assignments will be approved by the PUCT. And we're not standing still, as we've already begun preparation for the transmission projects expected to be assigned to Oncor. We'll be filing the necessary certificates of convenience and necessity for those projects beginning in early 2025, and will continue the necessary make ready work throughout the year. These proceedings are expected to take approximately 180 days under Texas law. In terms of the time line, the Permian plan provides that most of the local projects need to be in service by 2030 with all projects, including the import pathway projects, completed by 2038. The full plan calls for a total investment of at least $13 billion in the Permian Basin Territory. Specifically, the Permian plan proposes $4 billion for local projects and another $9 billion or more of transmission CapEx at either 3.45 kV or 7.65 kV voltage levels. The PUCT is expected to make a final decision on 3.45 kV or 7.65 kV import options by May 2025. Please turn to the next slide. Longer term, it is also important to note that ERCOT has provided a preliminary vision of a modern statewide extra high voltage or EHV grid. At this stage, it is preliminary and remains subject to the plan being finalized and obtaining customary regulatory approvals. But assuming the statewide EHV initiative is implemented, Oncor expects to construct a significant number of these projects due to the current number of endpoints owned by Oncor. These projects, when taken together, would add major transmission lines across Add major transmission lines across the state to connect new sources of generation, increase overall electric load serving capability and improve system resiliency. As currently envisioned, Phase 1 of the EHV initiative would include the Permian Plan 7 65 kV lines as well as connections in Eastern and Central Texas, whereas Phase 2 would include connections in the Texas Panhandle and Rio Grande Valley. Now please turn to the next slide where Karen will walk through business updates at Sempra California and Sempra Infrastructure.
Karen Sedgwick : Thank you, Allen. I'd first like to provide some background on the proposed decision we received in our general rate cases last month. To start, the proposed decision increases the revenue requirement in 2024 by 10.5% for SDG&E and 14.8% for SoCalGas. Moving to rate base, the PD recommends 2024 authorized rate base of $8.4 billion for SDG&E and $12.8 billion for SoCalGas. There are, however, critical aspects of the PD that require additional work, particularly in areas that impact our ability to manage the system safely. Examples include needed investments for integrity management of our natural gas distribution system and selective undergrounding of our electrical system to support wildfire mitigation efforts. On the positive side, you'll recall that our GRC addresses a broad range of topics that are important to the growth of our business. For example, the PD adopted certain infrastructure and technology capital projects that were not included in the base attrition year percentages, but are also important because they'll be placed in rates upon completion. Also as a reminder, the proposed decision makes available a process that allows for certain changes to be considered before a final decision is issued. On November 4, the CPUC heard oral arguments, the records of which are open to the public. SDG&E and SoCalGas' subject matter experts are engaged in a regulatory process and working collaboratively towards reaching a final outcome that's beneficial for all stakeholders. During the quarter, our California utilities also received a final decision in Phase 2 of the cost of capital proceeding, which has a negative impact on the CCM for 2025. This one time formulaic modification lowers ROEs by 42 basis points and reduces the authorized adjustment percentage for future triggers to 20%. The silver lining here is that the declining interest rate environment such as the one we may now find ourselves in limits the magnitude of subsequent reductions in ROE and off cycle years. For planning purposes, I'd also like to note that we expect to file our cost of capital application for the years 2026 to 2028 in March of next year. Turning to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, SDG&E submitted a new TO6 filing on October 30, where we updated our formulaic rate and made the case for a constructive improvement in the authorized ROE to 12.25%. This consists of a base ROE of 11.75% plus a 50 basis point ADR. We believe this proposal reflects current market conditions and we look forward to working through the regulatory process to achieve productive results. Additionally, at Sempra California, we're excited to share that the SDG service territory has seen electric demand growth, hitting a new all-time record peak demand of over 5 gigawatts in September. This reflects growing demand from roughly 160,000 EVs connected to our system, one of the highest EV penetration rates in the country and from continued electrification of the Southern California economy. Please turn to the next slide. Turning to Sempra infrastructure. We continue to witness geopolitical developments around the world, which strengthen the value proposition of our infrastructure franchise. The U.S. is the largest exporter of LNG in the sector, Sempra Infrastructure remains well positioned to supply new customers in European and Asian markets. As Europe continues to reduce its energy imports from Russia, we believe there is a growing need for stable, lower-cost gas supply, which would further drive demand for North American LNG. A few examples include: The EU has recently banned re exports to third-party countries taking effect in March 2025. Ukraine rejected a deal to extend Russian gas through Ukrainian pipelines beyond 2024. The EU's incoming Energy Commissioner has intensified efforts to independence on Russian gas imports. A number of EU member states are demanding tagging of LNG by source as it enters its ports to further cut back on Russian LNG imports, and this is all on top of the major natural gas pipeline capacity that was taken offline at the start of the war in Ukraine. Meanwhile, there are strong market consensus that Asian LNG demand will continue to grow dramatically through the next 15 years, with growth estimates range between 70% and 100% from 2023 levels. Much of this demand is tied to the displacement of more carbon-intensive fuels such as coal and refined products from the energy mix of emerging economies in South and Southeast Asia as well as continued demand growth in China and India. Bottom line, Sempra Infrastructure is well positioned to be a preferred provider to establish counterparties seeking to match long-term LNG supply with growing demand in Europe and Asia. Alongside these macroeconomic tailwinds, Cameron LNG Phase 1 continues to perform well. Year-to-date, the facility has already loaded 140 cargoes, and lifetime to date, Cameron has now surpassed 840 cargoes. Notably, the current 2024 production level exceeds the average annual run rate implied since COD. So we continue to witness strong and improving results from this facility. Turning to construction updates. We're advancing work on a series of major projects. ECA LNG Phase 1 construction continues to make progress. The project is now focusing on finishing above-ground piping installation and our time line to bring commercial operations online in spring 2026 remains intact. Additionally, we're pleased to announce the expansion of the GRO pipeline, is expected to commence commercial operations before the end of the year. You will recall this pipeline is dedicated to support LNG exports at ECA. Port Arthur Phase 1 is also advancing as planned and is on time and on budget. Currently, work is focused on piling, dredging, foundations, structural steel and above ground piping installations. We also received a FERC letter of authorization for the Louisiana Connector pipeline, which will provide feed gas into Port Arthur from the Haynesville Basin. Mobilization activities to commence building this pipeline have already begun. Moving to our development efforts at Port Arthur Phase 2, the focus remains on finalizing off take arrangements and securing project financing. We continue to have discussions with potential off-takers. We've made significant commercial progress to date and are focused now on selecting the rate tester mix and improving our commercial terms. Most notably, Saudi Aramco is our anchor partner on the project, with a nonbinding HOA for 5 million tons per annum and a 25% equity participation. As a reminder, we have an EPC agreement with Bechtel to allow for continuous construction across both phases. We also continue to wait for our DOE non-FDA export permit, which we expect to be resolved next year. As a result, we're now expecting Port Arthur Phase 2 development time line to move ahead of the Cameron expansion. The timing of an FID decision for Cameron expansion is uncertain at this point. We continue to work with our partners on the optimal timing for expansion. As we've been in the past, we'll be very disciplined in our efforts to secure quality returns and mitigate risk to capital before making any investment decision. Please turn to the next slide. Earlier this morning, Sempra reported third quarter 2024 GAAP earnings of $638 million or $1 per share. This compares to third quarter 2023 GAAP earnings of $721 million or $1.14 per share. On an adjusted basis, third quarter 2024 earnings were $566 million or $0.89 per share. This compares to our third quarter 2023 earnings of $685 million or $1.08 per share. Because the GRC outcome remains pending, our CPUC authorized base revenues in third quarter and year-to-date 2024 are based on 2023 authorized levels. This is important because assuming we receive a final decision this year, any true-up will be retroactively applied to January 1. Please turn to the next slide. Variances in the third quarter 2024 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year can be summarized as followed. At Sempra, California, we had $9 million from higher CPUC base operating margin, net of operating expenses, including higher authorized cost of capital and higher regulatory interest income. This was more than offset by $52 million, primarily from lower income tax benefits and higher net interest expense. Turning to Sempra Texas. We had $44 million of lower equity earnings from higher interest and operating expenses and lower consumption, partially offset by higher revenues from invested capital and customer growth. At Sempra Infrastructure, we had $36 million of lower revenues in the transportation and renewables business, higher O&M and lower asset and supply optimization, partially offset by $7 million, primarily from higher income tax benefit and lower net interest due to higher capitalized interest. At Sempra parent, the $3 million net change is primarily due to higher taxes, partially offset by net investment gains. Please turn to the next slide. To conclude our prepared remarks, I'd like to quickly summarize our key investment highlights. As energy needs grow and evolve in North America, our commitment to operational excellence supports our focus on delivering safer, more reliable and resilient energy. And our position as a leader in North America's largest economic markets gives us unique opportunity to invest higher levels of capital in critical new energy infrastructure through the end of the decade and beyond. For general corporate purposes and to finance our growing capital campaign, we are establishing an at-the-market equity program of $3 billion. This will help us fund growth in capital expenditures in a timely and efficient manner, while continuing to maintain the strength of our balance sheet. After we received the GRC final decision, we'll be in an excellent position to roll forward our 5-year capital plan through 2029. We expect to provide that update in February on our Q4 call. And in the interim, we'll continue executing on value-accretive investments that drive sustainable, long-term growth. Thank you for joining us. And I'd like to now open the line-up for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Nick Campanella from Barclays.
Nick Campanella : So Jeff, on your comments about demand growth and sector EPS growth kind of trending higher than it's historical norms. You've been growing EPS above the sector already. And I just want to confirm that inclusive of all these items that you laid out on the capital side, do you have line of sight to the CAGR like above the 6% to 8% range? And how should we kind of be thinking about that as you kind of piece together all this capital that's coming down the pipe into the fourth quarter?
Jeff Martin : Thank you for that question, Nick. And we've had these conversations before. But when you think about the period from 2000 to 2020, our sector had average EPS growth of roughly 3%. Now that changes from time to time. And in recent years, it's been trending higher closer to 4%. What I think is going to happen is I think we're in a significant growth period for our utility sector, what some people are referring to as a super cycle. In other words, we expect to see growth through this decade and well into the next decade. And I think you're going to see overall average EPS growth across the sector trend higher. We have traditionally oriented towards 6% to 8%. We think there's kind of an efficient frontier there in terms of balancing that with a strong dividend policy. And I think total return is very important to the utility investors that invest in the sector. So we're very comfortable with the 6% to 8% growth rate. And I think the key takeaway from today's call is, we certainly have a field of vision to a lot more opportunities in the future. We certainly will be working hard to exceed the high end of that range but we're comfortable now that with a lot of certainty about the growth backlog we have that we can deliver that range or better.
Nick Campanella : And then just quickly on the ATM. When do you think you're going to start to need equity? Is it this year? Or is it next year? You were smart last year to kind of derisk the equity plan ahead of your formal CapEx outlook. So just wondering if that's on the table again, and that's it for me.
Jeff Martin : Yes. Thank you very much, Nick. Last year, you recall that we provided a little bit of visibility on our Q3 call to increases in our five year capital plan at the Sempra level. And you're correct, we followed up with a roughly $1.3 billion secondary offering. I think what was interesting in our fall planning process this year and both Justin and I were with Allen last week in Dallas at their Board meeting, they just have remarkable visibility to growth. And I thought it was important for us to signal to our investors that opportunity now rather than wait until the February time frame, we'll obviously give a lot of details in February, but I thought it was important to do that. And make sure that we were adding the ATM as an additional tool in our toolbox. And I think many of you have followed the fact that ATMs have become much more common recently as companies seek alternatives to traditional offerings. So at Sempra, we just view it as another option for us to officially finance our business. We've sized it at the $3 billion level. And I think the best takeaway for everyone is when we get to our February call, we're going to provide a full update on our roll-forward capital program, including, Nick, sources and uses of funding, and we'll also be prepared at that time to provide what I hope will be a robust view of 2026 guidance.
Operator: Our next question will come from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza : Let me just quickly want to follow up on Nick's question on the equity. Just on the $3 billion of ATM, I couldn't get a sense, is that fully funding your anticipated CapEx increases? Or could there be more equity coming, especially as we're thinking about potential funding needs at SIP as that ramps up?
Jeff Martin : Yes. What we do is we go through a very comprehensive bottom-up process in the fall, where we force everyone's growth plans inside of Sempra across all 3 platforms to compete for capital. And as you've seen in the past, the lion's share of our five year capital program goes through our U.S. utilities in California and Texas. It traditionally takes -- between 90% and 95% of our overall capital plan goes through our utility. So what we've done at this early juncture is really provide visibility to the fact that there is a significant increase of capital that will be coming out in Oncor's plan when we announce in February, and we thought it was appropriate to make sure we had this additional tool in our toolbox. We're not prepared to talk about when we would use it, but I do think we'll provide a lot of detail on our February call.
Shar Pourreza : Okay. But the $3 billion is the $3 billion we shouldn't, I guess, assume it could be higher.
Jeff Martin : Exactly. We feel very comfortable with $3 billion.
Shar Pourreza : Okay. Perfect. And then just in terms of the proposed decision in California, just from a planning parameter standpoint, does the PD present a headwind versus your midpoint expectations? And sort of given the recommendation for lower attrition year revenue increases, could you see CapEx pulling back at SoCalGas and San Diego Gas & Electric?
Jeff Martin : Yes. What I would describe is in the fall planning process, we're challenging all of our executives to make sure that they've got a fulsome and disciplined approach to capital utilization. So there is a process of give and take between both projects as well as overall capital by business. And over a long period of time, forcing that discipline inside the organization to compete for capital. And it's not just highest return, it's also returns relative to risk. So that process is ongoing. A comment I make about the PD is we feel there are some aspects of the PD, Shar, that are actually quite constructive. But we noted in our prepared remarks, that we also see opportunities to improve the decision in areas that we think are very important to our customers namely safety, reliability and affordability. So we had oral arguments earlier this week and a couple of things we highlighted there where we think additional improvements are necessary as the -- number one, the need for additional undergrounding to support wildfire mitigation; number two, improvements to integrity management programs. And you'll recall, that's very important for us in terms of operating the natural gas distribution system safely. To your point, we do think additional increases in post year funding is important because that has to align with our expected business level of activity. And finally, we're still identifying areas that might offset cost to our customers because of our focus on affordability, and that's mainly in the form of tax benefits. So I would conclude by saying we'll continue to work collaboratively. We don't want to get in front of our regulator on this. But I think we have the chance, Shar, to do two things: get to an outcome this year and get to an outcome that's constructive for all of our stakeholders.
Operator: Our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Maybe just picking up on the Oncor side that 40% to 50% range is tantalizing there. Look, I know it's preliminary, but can you give us a little bit of a breakdown? I know you got the $3 billion with the SRP. But what else is in there, right? When you think about that balance of, say, roughly $6 billion to $9 billion, is that Permian Basin? How much of that is low growth? Can you give us a little bit of sense of what's baked in, in terms of that range and where you go from it?
Jeff Martin : Well, Julien, the good news is you live in Texas. So hopefully, you've been seeing a lot of this first-hand. For several years now, you and I have had this conversation as well as others. I have consistently said that Oncor has the best overall growth program in the country. I think we're seeing that play out in real time. And I think we have an opportunity, Allen, if you don't mind. Why don't we walk through some of the growth drivers that you're seeing and provide additional color for Julien.
Allen Nye : Yes, you bet, Jeff. And thanks, Julien. We continue to see just very strong growth across our service territory pretty much in all categories of various types of customers that we serve. Strong residential and meter growth, strong growth on our transmission system, especially regarding LC&I interconnections, strong growth in West Texas and the Permian and increased opportunities to invest in kind of the transmission backbone of ERCOT to support our customers bulk power transfers across the state. As I said in my opening remarks or Jeff did, premise growth continues to be very strong. We added 19,000 this quarter and we continue to see long-term growth around 2% or double the national average. Transmission points of interconnection continue to be a big deal for us. New transmission point of interconnections were up 38% versus the same quarter last year. Total transmission point of interconnections were up 17% versus the same quarter last year. Generation remains very strong. We have over 500 projects seeking to interconnect to us right now in our queue, gives us about a 13% increase over the same quarter last year for generation. The biggest jump continues to be with regards to LC&I customers seeking to connect to our transmission system. We have 379 of those right now, and that represents a 23% increase over the same quarter last year, but the real story is in request from what we refer to as large load customers, right? The customers that are seeking to interconnect with our system that are seeking to interconnect at a level of at least 100 megawatts individually all the way up to multiple gigawatts. I think I represented the last quarter that we had about 80 gigawatts of those customers. And a quarter later, we're now up to 103 gigawatts of potential load additions related to that group of customers. Of that 103, 82 gigawatts approximately is data center related and 21 approximately gigawatts is unrelated to data centers. So I just want to make two points with regards to that 103 number. If you look at our system right now, our current peak load on the Oncor system is about 31 gigawatts. So when you're comparing that to 103 gigawatts, we're looking at potential load additions of more than 3x our current peak load. That's one. And then the other point, which I just made briefly a moment ago is 103 gigawatts this quarter versus 80 gigawatts last quarter represents about a 29% increase in potential load from these types of customers in one quarter. So that continues to be a big driver of what we're looking at going forward into February. West Texas, again, remains a great story with the Far West Texas weather zone peaking at about 15% above the 2023 peak. Our two transmission loops that we serve the Permian and the Delaware through continue to be strong with The Culberson Loop, up 26% versus the peak of last year already and the Stanton Loop up 5.7%. So the strong growth we're seeing in West Texas. Obviously, we can talk about the Permian plant in a minute, but it's also leading to, what I would call, base load -- the non-Permian plan additions in the region, including projects that are coming out of the Delaware Basin project study of 2019. We're presently in stages 2 through 5 of that group of projects as well as the Permian Basin load integration study project from 2021, which we now refer to as the West Texas infrastructure project. So we have a number of transmission projects moving forward out of those two studies and plans that are separate and apart from the Permian plan. Obviously, we still have the Permian plan, Permian Basin reliability plan going through the PUC process right now as well as the extra high-voltage plan that was mentioned previously. We've got our SRP still to come, hopefully on November 14. And then we have, of course, the ERCOT revised load forecast of 152 gigawatts as well as the general regional transmission plan coming out in December. So those are a lot of the things that we are looking at with our Board right now. Very excited to have all these opportunities on our system. We think it's a great growth story. And by February, we'll have this all worked out.
Jeff Martin : And then, Julien, what I would add just to summarize a couple of points from Allen's discussion is growth at Oncor is both geographically diverse and it cuts across all customer categories. And as I said in my prepared remarks, I think that our AI exposure is an understated investment thesis at Sempra. Think about this, Oncor has 82 gigawatts of pending interconnection request for AI. I would challenge any other company in America to put forward a bigger number. And keep in mind, the entire state of California has a 50 to 55 overall gigawatt peak. So just an interconnection request for AI only, Oncor is dealing with 82 gigawatts of future opportunities. Their growth is also centered on the most valuable asset in the utility world, and that's high voltage transmission. High-voltage transmission comprises 60% of their overall capital plan. And I would also add, in addition to broad exposure to growth, Oncor benefits from a constructive regulatory compact with tracker mechanisms that we've discussed before, they're being filed twice annually to true-up for T&D investments. So it is a remarkable growth story. It is remarkable exposure to transmission and particularly from customer growth and AI. And I think it's got one of the best regulatory compacts in the country.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Yes. Those are truly phenomenal statistic. And I agree, I see it. With that said, actually, you're talking about 60% is high voltage. I mean, what are you guys reflecting in that range on the 765, the higher element on the transmission. Is that basically the upper end there? Just to clarify.
Jeff Martin : Yes. As we went through our prepared remarks, there's about $13 billion in that Permian plan, which I think assumes a 345 kV. But I think the most important thing that Allan mentioned was, is the PUCT will be making a determination as to whether that's a 345 upgrade and build out in May or whether it's 765. So that remains to be seen. We'll know the answer to that next year.
Operator: And our next question will come from Carly Davenport from Goldman Sachs.
Carly Davenport : Maybe just to start on the LNG business. Any -- are you anticipating any changes to the outlook there just as a result of the administration changes. And then, as you think about Port Arthur Phase 2, is the permit sort of the last gating factor that would determine when you take FID on that project?
Jeff Martin : And maybe we've got Justin Bird with us here who is the CEO of Sempra Infrastructure perhaps, Justin, you can walk through Port Arthur Phase 2 and then speak to the permit issue that Carly referenced.
Justin Bird : As Karen noted in her prepared remarks, we continue to advance Port Arthur 2. And I'd say we've made considerable progress. As noted on our Q2 call, we saw an increased interest in Port Arthur 2, and I'm happy to say that interest has further increased since the call, and momentum continues to build commercial discussions for off-take and project equity are ongoing and I think we're seeing better terms. We have our 20-year agreement with Aramco for 5 million tons per annum as well as 25% of the equity. Our EPC agreement with Bechtel allows for continuous construction. We view that as a competitive advantage. And on the permitting side, as you noted, we're waiting for our DOE non-FTA export permit and we expect that to be resolved in the first half of next year. We continue to identify sources of financing for the project and advance the other key milestones to put us in a position to take a final investment decision. To wrap up, I'd say the expansion of Port Arthur is a terrific opportunity and we look forward to advancing the project.
Carly Davenport : That's really helpful commentary there. And then maybe just shift quickly back to Texas and I appreciate all of the commentary there so far. Just as you look forward to 2025, is there anything that you'd highlight that you're looking out for in the legislative session in Texas that could impact the growth outlook there?
Jeff Martin : No, I would just say that I think that based upon the meetings we had last week, I think, obviously, 2025 will be the biggest capital deployment year, I think, in that company's history. The team is putting together their overall legislative strategy for next year. And Allan, perhaps, you could just mention if there's anything notable that you want to discuss.
Allen Nye : Jeff, I think you covered it. I mean, Carly, there's obviously a lot of chatter in Austin about utility issues. We've had that before. I think we are in an excellent position going into this session as Oncor. Obviously, we're going to have to deal with things like the fallout from Hurricane Beryl. But there is nothing that I am overly concerned about right now. Obviously, we'll have to wait till a few more weeks until we see what bills get filed. But we are more than ready to handle anything that comes our way, and I'm confident and excited going into discussion to see what we can do. .
Operator: Our next question will come from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra : Just can I go back to the equity really quickly. I just want to clarify something. The $3 billion, does that -- is that basically all the equity that you need as you roll forward the plan from -- the five year plan '25 to '29. Can you clarify that? And then maybe any color that you can share in terms of timing of the $3 billion equity. Does that have to be done next year? Or will it be spread out toward the planning period?
Jeff Martin : Sure. I'll just start by Durgesh review on what our goal is for February. On our Q4 call, our convention has been to really present our five year capital plan, almost like an analyst conference, frankly. And when we do that, we reconcile the balance sheet and do come a deep dive in to sources and uses of funding. So that conversation is probably more appropriate for February. What we also do in February is we tend to basically go into proper guidance. So we'll release 2026 guidance at that time. We've always felt like if we have some early visibility in the fall before you get to February, where we can kind of guide the street to our expectations, we think that's always been viewed helpful. So I think we had a real opportunity today to come forward with a very bullish, muscular view of our Texas capital program. We'll fine tune that and come out with more details in February. And likewise, on the ATM, we just view this as another financing alternative for us. Our job is to make sure we compete capital internally. We are also using hybrids and as part of our overall funding mechanism and having the ATM in place, we think, is being thoughtful.
Durgesh Chopra : I just wanted to clarify that looks like we're going to get more color. Can I just quickly ask you one more question? Just anything on the LNG permit pause given the sort of the election results. Previously, you kind of talked about -- sorry, go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Martin : No, I'm sorry. Please finish your question.
Durgesh Chopra : No, that's it. Just any update there as it relates to the pause.
Jeff Martin : No. I would just say that maybe a higher level comment. We have intended to kind of run our business as a nonpartisan business, right? We don't focus on 1 party or other. Remember, about six years ago, we refocused our business from energy to energy infrastructure. And historically, that's been an area of strong bipartisan support. And frankly, even under the bond administration, there was bipartisan support for the infrastructure bill. And I think as we look forward, when we think about delivering cleaner and secure energy, it's not more about one party or another, it's about knowing what's best for our country and for our customers. So when it comes to LNG. We've always had a constructive view that America has an opportunity to play a larger role in the world. I think you're going to continue to see this country, a leadership position in the production of energy. It's going to basically benefit our domestic uses. Hopefully, it will continue to support a growing economy here in the United States. But look, quite frankly, we have an increasingly important role in serving our allies abroad. And LNG is a very, very important tool of American Foreign Policy. I think you'll continue to see us take an important role at Sempra Infrastructure. And I think we have growing confidence in getting the permits we need for Port Arthur Phase 2 in the first half of next year.
Operator: And we now have time for one more question. And our last question will come from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe.
Steve Fleishman : I appreciate it. Just going back to the California case, you mentioned -- and affordability seems to be a focus and you mentioned the tax-related benefits that could be something you suggested. Could you give us a sense of just how much that could impact rates to the benefit of customers and your thinking on that?
Jeff Martin : I think what took place in the proposed decision was they outlined but they thought the changes in the step-up in revenue requirement was for year one and then through the attrition years. And I think we're being really focused on making sure that we can operate our systems safely. We're working with all the different parties or a part of the proceeding. And as you do that, it's important if you're trying to propose additional funding that you're also trying to find ways to reduce cost. So I think what took place in the oral argument this week was we outlined a series of opportunities where we thought that customers would benefit from additional safety investments, including to our integrity programs into our wildfire undergrounding programs. And I think to do that we've also proposed some additional tax benefits that would lessen the impact to customers. So this is a process in California where you try to work with all the different stakeholders to get to a good outcome. I think we have some confidence that we'll get that done this year and then we'll get to an outcome that people feel good about.
Steve Fleishman : And just based on the kind of proposals you made there, like, the attrition adjustments, what would they be roughly per year relative to the proposed decision?
Jeff Martin : Yes. What I don't want to do is I don't really want to front run the process we're in right now. We're actually making some comment filings tomorrow. And what we want to do is let the process roll forward, give everyone the opportunity to participate in it. I think the decision itself that we have today has proposed, there's a lot of constructive aspects to it but we're very deeply involved in it right now, Steve, over the next couple of weeks. So I'd prefer to let the process play out. And our comments tomorrow, I think will be instructive to your question.
Steve Fleishman : And then lastly, just on Oncor, which is phenomenal. I remember you raised your capital plan to $48 billion overall from, I think $40 billion back. I think that was early this year or late last year. Would this be all incremental to the $48 billion for all of Sempra, Were some of that already including somewhat higher capital at Oncor? There's been so many capital increases. It's hard to keep track of.
Jeff Martin : Thank you for framing a high-class problem, by the way. So look, we're going through a very disciplined process. This is not a process at Sempra where you just put one project on top of another project and sum up the total of the capital. We do, Steve, really go through a rigorous process to make capital compete. But there's no question that the growth we're seeing at Oncor will be incremental to our $48 billion and there's still opportunities that other two business platforms to also grow their capital needs. So that process is underway today. But clearly, the Oncor program is incremental to the $48 billion.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Jeff Martin for any additional closing remarks.
Jeff Martin : Well, we certainly appreciate everyone joining us on the call today. I'd like to close out with a few summary comments. First, we're optimistic about finalizing our general rate cases here in California by the end of the year and we'll work with all parties to get to a constructive outcome. Second, I was pleased that we're able to update everyone today on developments at Oncor. We see significant investment opportunities in Texas from the SRP program, diverse customer growth across Oncor service territory, including connection requests from data centers totaling 82 gigawatts. We also see new investments necessary to support growth in the Permian Basin and expanding the transmission backbone for ERCOT. Third, note that at our infrastructure business, we continue to operate a growing portfolio of assets and also are managing several major construction projects simultaneously, which should, together translate into higher levels of growth in the future for Sempra. And finally, the strength of our three combined growth platforms gives us a lot of confidence and continued to grow our business while delivering shareholder value over the long-term. I would also like to mention that Trevor Mihalik will be retiring at the end of the year has served at Sempra for over a decade, held numerous leadership positions and been a great partner to me. Please join me in thanking Trevor for all of his contributions. If there are any follow-up items, please reach out to our IR team with your questions and we certainly look forward to seeing many of you at EEI in Florida next week. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-06 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Sempra's Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn it over to Glen Donovan. Please go ahead.
Glen Donovan: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra's second quarter 2024 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation are available on our website under our Events and Presentations section. We have several members of our management team with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karen Sedgwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Group President, Sempra California; Justin Bird, Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer and other members of our senior management team. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Earnings per common share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. I'd also like to mention that forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only of today August 6, 2024, and it's important to note that the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Glen, and thank you all for joining us today. As we close out the first half of the year, we continue our focus on safety and operational excellence and we're pleased with the strength of our financial performance. This actually sets us up well in the second half of the year while also supporting our confidence in a projected long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%. And more importantly, we think there's a lot to be excited about. At Sempra California, we continue to play a critical role in helping the state achieve its safety, reliability and decarbonization goals. That's why we continue to make important investments to improve safety, modernize the grid, and better support the delivery of cleaner forms of energy. We also look forward to advancing our general rate cases here in the state and anticipate a proposed decision later this summer with a final decision expected before the end of the year. The outcome of the GRC is expected to help our utilities better meet the state's public policy goals, advance reliability and community safety, and improve visibility to our plan of execution through 2027. At Sempra Texas, Oncor continues to see remarkable growth, and it's coming from a wide range of industries, including manufacturing, technology, and digital infrastructure. Annual premise growth, as one example, continues to trend around 2%, which is almost double the national average. Allen will walk through how electricity demand is impacting the Texas grid and also driving the need for new capital investments all across Oncor service territory. Against that backdrop, you recall that Oncor is currently executing on a record five-year capital plan of roughly $24 billion, with a pending regulatory filing to improve system resiliency by investing incremental capital of up to $3 billion from 2025 through 2027. With the remarkable growth in Oncor service territory, we continue to expect to see higher levels of capital spending in the future, and this will be a key consideration in our financial planning process this fall. Finally, Sempra Infrastructure remains focused on advancing critical infrastructure investments that support the energy transition and enhanced energy security, and we continue to see progress across several key development initiatives. Moving to our financial results for the quarter, earlier this morning, we reported adjusted EPS of $0.89 and year-to-date adjusted EPS of $2.24. As a reminder, these results do not reflect the impact of a final California GRC decision, which we expect before year-end with rates retroactively applied to January 1. From my perspective, we've had a great start to the first half of the year. As a result, we're affirming both our full year 2024 adjusted EPS guidance range and our 2025 EPS guidance range. Please turn to the next slide. As a reminder, we view our corporate strategy as an opportunity to assert a competitive advantage in energy markets, and there are three key elements to our plan of execution. First, we've positioned our portfolio in some of the most attractive economic markets in North America. California and Texas, for example, give our utilities great exposure to increasing demand for new infrastructure investments, while Sempra Infrastructure benefits from strong tailwinds around the restoring of industry to North America and global demand for improved energy security associated with the export of liquefied natural gas from the United States. Second, we focused our investment strategy in a more narrow part of the energy value chain, namely transmission and distribution investments. By doing so, we aim to improve the quality and recurring nature of our earnings and cash flows while reducing exposure to risk and price volatility. We believe this provides an improved risk reward profile for our owners. And finally, we aggressively compete capital inside our company across all three growth platforms to help ensure we're delivering the best overall returns to our owners. At the end of the day, being good stewards of capital is a top priority and has allowed us to continue delivering attractive risk adjusted returns. As an example, we've been successful in delivering a 10% adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate since 2018. Next, I'll turn the call over to Allen to walk through the improving growth story that continues to unfold in Texas. Please turn to the next slide.
Allen Nye: Thank you, Jeff. I'd like to start by saying that growth continues at a rapid pace all across the state of Texas, and especially in the Oncor service territory. In the second quarter alone, we built, rebuilt or upgraded approximately 1,050 miles of T&D lines, increased our premise count by approximately 20,000, and received approximately 100 new transmission POI requests, which has increased our active interconnection requests in our queue by 13% year-over-year. It's also important to note that we continue to make progress on the five-year capital plan that was announced earlier this year of approximately $24 billion. As Jeff mentioned, this does not include the capital expenditures that may be approved as part of our system resiliency plan, or SRP. We filed our first SRP with the PUCT in May of this year. Turning to our operating environment. Texas like the nation as a whole is seeing an increase in the frequency and intensity of severe weather events. The number of extreme storms, including ice, intense heat, and extremely high winds have shown us that we must be even more focused on reliability, resiliency, and response. That's why our SRP identifies seven measures with detailed programs and activities for each measure to address the wide range of resiliency events we're seeing across our service territory, including extreme weather, the risk of wildfires, physical security threats, and cybersecurity threats. Along with the hardening of our system to prevent outages, our proposed initiatives include a substantial opportunity to expand distribution automation to the legacy portions of our system. We call this our flexible and self-healing distribution grid measure. Today, newer facilities on our system have this technology, which allows us to automatically redistribute load to undamaged parts of our grid during extreme weather or other events, significantly reducing or in some cases eliminating lengthy outages for many of our customers. We recently provided some examples to the PUCT of how this technology helped hundreds of our customers avoid what could have been daylong outages from the severe storms we experienced in May. Among other areas, our SRP also proposes retrofitting older portions of our system with this technology. Additionally, we have proposed expanding our vegetation management programs by approximately $90 million per year, including further use of remote sensing and other new technologies to better target fast growing vegetation. This expansion is expected to more than double our distribution vegetation management efforts. These investments, together with the SRP measures that specifically target wildfire risk, will also accelerate our work to help comprehensively address wildfire mitigation. These efforts will continue to build on our collaborations with the Texas A&M Forest Service and our counterparts at San Diego Gas & Electric, both of whom are globally recognized as subject matter experts with significant experience in wildfire mitigation and response. It's also noteworthy that our SRP filing is not the only action we're taking to improve our resiliency and preparation for extreme weather events. Over a 21-day period in the months of May and June, tornadoes touched down in the Temple, Killeen area, a storm with straight line winds measuring as high as 95 miles per hour passed through the DFW Metroplex, and additional storms impacted our East Texas region. I want to thank the 12,000 Oncor employees, contractors and off system personnel who worked around the clock restoring service to our customers as soon as safely possible. Recently, we also sent 500 mutual assistance workers to the Gulf Coast to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Beryl. These storms have shown that our industry must continue to improve our plans for prevention, response and communication so that we are meeting and exceeding our customers' expectations for the safe and reliable delivery of electricity, and I can assure you that it's a top priority for our team. At Oncor, we are dedicated to being a safe and reliable operator and helping ensure a resilient grid, which is even more critical given the amount of growth we're seeing in Texas. Please turn to the next slide. Interconnection requests from large C&I customers and the additional transmission expansion needed to bring power to these high demand customers are the primary drivers of the growth in our capital plan. Under our current capital plan, Oncor's rate base is anticipated to grow at an average annual rate of 11% from 2023 through 2028. To help meet the scale of these new investments, we've taken important steps to diversify our supplier base, enter into multi-year agreements, ordered various critical inventory in advance, and have begun procuring necessary equipment with significant investments in warehousing and lay down yards to support the timely rollout of our capital investments. We also see opportunities for significant future growth in our service territory. As announced earlier this year, ERCOT projects peak load in 2030 to be 152 gigawatts nearly double the current record of 85.5 gigawatts set in August 2023. Based on our current share of ERCOT load and our internal projections, we expect approximately 40% of that future load to be served by Oncor. Included in ERCOT's load growth projections are the continued electrification efforts in the Permian Basin. In response to House Bill 5066 passed in the 2023 legislative session to address this growth, ERCOT filed a plan with the PUCT in late July that identifies new transmission investments of $13 billion to $15 billion by 2038. Given the scope of our operations in the region, we expect to build a significant portion of the projects that are ultimately approved in the Permian plan. As Jeff noted, there is a likelihood of higher capital spending in the future and we continue to review our forecast for future capital expenditures and expect to provide an update on the Q4 earnings call after our SRP filing is finalized by the PUCT and our analysis is complete and reviewed by Oncor's Board. I would conclude by saying that we are all really excited about the opportunity set in Texas and will remain relentless in our efforts to provide reliable, affordable electric service to our customers while maintaining a sharp focus on the safety of everyone who works on our system. Please turn to the next slide where Karen will walk through Sempra California's business update.
Karen Sedgwick: Thank you, Allen. Sempra California is strategically positioned the largest economy in the U.S. and benefits from constructive regulation that supports investment opportunities to decarbonize and improve the safety and resiliency of the grid, forward-looking rate cases, cost of capital adjustment mechanism and an established wildfire fund that backstops the financial strength of the state's utilities. At SoCalGas, we're participating in several decarbonization initiatives that support California's statewide goals. Recently ARCHES of which SoCalGas is a partner became the country's first hydrogen hub to sign with the DOE to secure its funding. ARCHES forecasts California will need 17 million tonnes per year of hydrogen to help meet the state's 2045 climate goals. These cleaner molecules are expected to play a pivotal role in helping Los Angeles, one of the nation's largest manufacturing hubs lower its emissions and heavy-duty transportation and other hard-to-electrify sectors. That's why SoCalGas has proposed Angeles Link will form a key component in California's regional hydrogen hub. Turning to SDG&E. Community safety continues to be our number one priority. Over the last two decades, we've made significant investments in wildfire mitigation and hardened 100% of the transmission lines in our Tier 3 high fire-threat districts. We've proactively taken steps to further strengthen our predictive tools, training and resources by making significant upgrades to SDG&E's wildfire and climate resiliency center. I recently had a chance to visit the state-of-the-art facility, and it's impressive. I invite you to come and see the facility if you can. Substantial innovative features of the facility include AI-enabled solutions, high-resolution cameras, enhanced drone data and line conductor fault detection. This facility is one of the most technologically advanced of its kind anywhere in America, and played a central role in helping to ensure SDG&E is prepared for and actively mitigating risks related to its operating environment. This is all part of a larger effort at SDG&E to meet the state's public policy goals while building out a climate-resilient energy grid. Now moving to our regulatory updates of California Utilities. In June, SDG&E delivered a notice of termination to FERC of its fifth transmission owner formula rate mechanism or TO5 and is preparing its TO6 filing. We expect SDG&E to make a submission in the fourth quarter with an effective date in 2025. In our filing, we anticipate updating our formulaic rate and making a constructive case for competitive ROE, reflecting today's market conditions. Lastly, on the California GRC, we expect to propose decision later this summer and a final decision by year-end. As a reminder, the final decision will be retroactive to the beginning of this year. Please turn to the next slide. Sempra Infrastructure's long-term strategy is focused on capitalizing on the growing demand for cleaner and more secure energy. Wood Mackenzie estimates that global LNG demand will grow nearly 70% and reach more than 700 million tonnes per year by 2050. Our development pipeline is making significant strides to help meet those needs. At ECA LNG Phase 1, we are roughly 85% complete. However, our contractor has experienced labor retention and productivity issues in recent months. As a result, our commercial operations date will be delayed until the spring of 2026. We are actively engaged with our contractor to advance the project, and we'll see increased capital expenditures for the project in the form of additional carrying costs and lower estimated commissioning revenues, which are based on forward price curves. Despite the delay of potential changes in capital, we still expect to maintain strong integrated financial returns, consistent with our original forecast at the time that we took FID in 2020. This is the result of a combination of factors, including optimization opportunities, stronger LNG demand over the long-term and inflation protection within the SPAs. Moving to Port Arthur LNG, we're making steady progress on Phase I. And we remain on budget and schedule. We recently received FERC authorization for 24/7 construction, which is expected to improve the overall efficiency of the construction activities. At Cameron Phase 2, we continue to work with our partners to enhance cost efficiency through value engineering. Finally, we've begun construction on Cimarron Wind, the 320-megawatt project and expect to reach commercial operations in the first half of 2026. Our experience in Mexico demonstrates our ability to work well with both regulators and legislators, and we look forward to supporting their increasing energy needs as industrial reshoring continues to drive economic expansion. Please turn to the next slide for an update on progress at Port Arthur Phase 2. We're very excited about some of the recent developments at Port Arthur LNG Phase 2. Earlier this summer, we executed an HoA with Aramco for 5 million tonnes per annum of off-take capacity and 25% interest in the project level equity. Last month, we also executed a fixed price contract with Bechtel. This contract provides an opportunity to continue our partnership with a world-class EPC firm while also benefiting from continuous construction. In combination with the common facilities that are being constructed as part of Phase I, we expect to generate robust investment returns on the overall Port Arthur Energy Hub. We are working with all stakeholders to advance this project, which has received all material permits with the exception of the DOE non-FTA export permit that is pending approval. However, we do not anticipate the DOE pause will impact our development time line. As a reminder, Phase 2 at Port Arthur and all other projects that have not reached FID represent upside to our existing capital plan. Please turn to the next slide where I'll walk through Sempra's financials. Earlier this morning, Sempra reported second quarter 2024 GAAP earnings of $713 million or $1.12 per share. This compares to second quarter 2023 GAAP earnings of $603 million or $0.95 per share. On an adjusted basis, second quarter 2024 earnings were $567 million or $0.89 per share. This compares to our second quarter 2023 earnings of $594 million or $0.94 per share. The key takeaway is that we're pleased with our financial results. For the first six months of the year, we're trending above our financial forecasts and are well-positioned to deliver another strong year of financial performance. Please turn to the next slide. Variances in the second quarter 2024 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year can be summarized as follows: At Sempra California, we had $26 million primarily from higher CPUC base operating margin, net of operating expenses, including higher authorized cost of capital. This was more than offset by $49 million, primarily from lower income tax benefits, lower regulatory awards and higher net interest expense. As a reminder, because our GRC is still pending, our CPUC-authorized base revenues in second quarter 2024 are based on 2023 authorized levels. This is important because any true-up later this year will be retroactively applied to January 1 once the final decision is approved. Turning to Sempra Texas, we had $42 million of higher equity earnings attributable to rate updates, increased invested capital and consumption, partially offset by higher interest and operating expenses. At Sempra Infrastructure, we had $48 million of lower equity earnings and revenues in the transportation business, including the cumulative impact of new tariffs in Mexico in the prior year and $8 million of higher income tax expense, higher O&M and lower revenues, partially offset by lower net interest expense. At Sempra Parent, the $10 million net change is primarily due to lower taxes from the interim period application of an annual forecasted consolidated effective tax rate, partially offset by higher net interest expense. Please turn to the next slide. To wrap up our prepared remarks, I want to reiterate a couple of the key points that help drive the overall success of our corporate strategy. As energy needs to grow and evolve in North America, our unwavering commitment to safety and operational excellence support our delivery of safer, more reliable, and resilient energy and our position as a leader in some of North America's largest economic markets, offers investors visibility to our future growth as we look to invest higher levels of capital in critical new energy infrastructure through the end of the decade and beyond. To conclude, this is an exciting time for our company, and we look forward to continuing to deliver strong financial and operational results. Thank you for joining us, and I'd now like to open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the prepared remarks. We'll now open the line to your questions. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, Jeff. How are you doing?
Jeff Martin: I'm doing great. Thank you.
Shar Pourreza: Excellent. So just, Jeff, on the ECA COD delays, I know you'll be looking at sort of firming up the 2025 guidance, later from a timing perspective. But I guess, how are you thinking about offsets as we roll forward into next year? Can you kind of mitigate the project delay? Or should we assume some level of timing drag? I know obviously, you reiterated guidance today, but there's also a perception that the 2025 guide is somewhat conservative. So just how do we think about the moving pieces? Thanks.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Thank you, Shar, for asking that question. I'll start by talking about the change in schedule and I'll move to the 2025 guidance. I would start by saying that we're disappointed in the change of schedule at ECA as has been our practice. When we work with our contractors, we expect our projects to be built on time and on budget. That is the standard at Sempra. And in this case, that standard has not been met, but I'm confident that Justin and his team will get it corrected. Here's what's important going to the heart of your question. We target mid-teen equity returns across the portfolio at Sempra Infrastructure. And as we've updated our forecast, we continue to believe that ECA remains in line with those original targets. We've made financial commitments, as you know, to our owners in the form of published EPS guidance ranges for both 2024 and 2025, and we've been confident in reconfirming those ranges this morning. I would note that we have plenty of opportunities to both grow and reduce costs where it makes sense, and we'll continue to work hard to exceed people's expectations regarding the performance of our business. I'd also like to turn this over to Karen to talk a little bit about 2025, if you could, Karen.
Karen Sedgwick: Sure. As Jeff mentioned, we have a diverse portfolio with many levers to meet our guidance. So with the scheduled change at ECA, we're taking several steps to ensure we deliver on our financial commitment. SI this includes asset optimization, such as utilizing our available pipeline capacity, in addition to driving some operational efficiencies in the business. We continue to see significant growth across our utility platforms. For example, Allen's business updates on today's call points to incremental opportunities at Sempra Texas that we expect to benefit us next year and across our planning period. And then across the enterprise, we're always focused on creating efficiencies and increasing productivity, so we'll continue this process and look forward to refreshing our plan later this fall and provide updates on our fourth quarter call.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. And then just on the GRC outcome, I mean, CPUC has been a bit slower kind of acting on things recently with various kind of proceedings, I guess, how are you thinking about a timely outcome in 2024 on the GRC? And if kind of like a final vote is delayed, let's say, into the latter part of the year or even 2025. How do we sort of think about the cadence of that financial update you just brought up for 2025. So do you need to wait for an order in the PD? Or is the PD sufficient enough to firm up 2025? Thanks.
Jeff Martin: Yes, I'll give you a couple of thoughts on this is, obviously, the California Public Utility Commission has had a very busy docket, particularly over the last 12 months. So we understand kind of the timing of our rate case has been delayed into this year. What I would make a couple of points on Shar is that we put together, what I think is a very strong GRC filing for both San Diego Gas Electric and SoCalGas. And the reason we have some level of confidence is both of those filings are strongly in line with the state's key priorities, which you'll recall is around safety and specifically community safety, reliability and clean energy. I would also note as a reminder that last fall, we reached a settlement on roughly one-third of the rate cases for each of those businesses with a subset of interveners, and we look forward to receiving proposed decision later this summer with a final decision expected before the end of the year. So I think we still have very high confidence that the rate case we voted out this year. And I would remind our listening audience that our rates would be retroactively effective to January 1 of 2024. And then to the larger point, I will conclude by saying, we have a very strong track record of working with our regulators and stakeholders to get to good outcomes. I think we're comfortable that we'll be able to give a strong update in terms of our forward guidance including our capital plan on our Q4 call. And hopefully, we'll be able to give more visibility on our Q3 call to potential changes in our capital plan.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. That's actually perfect. Jeff. Thank you so much. Appreciate the additional color. See you soon.
Jeff Martin: Thank you for joining our call, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, Jeff. Thanks for taking my question. Hey just picking up on the ECA discussion. I think the initial estimates of costs were around $2.5 billion and you mentioned some construction delays, obviously. Just how does that number sort of the overall project cost tracking versus $2.5 billion, if you could share any color there?
Jeff Martin: Sure. I'll provide some returns on the changes in capital. And maybe it might be helpful, Justin, if we just provide a little bit more color around the schedule at ECA for our listening audience. The first thing I've mentioned, Durgesh is, as a result of the schedule change, we're expecting that the estimated increase in capital for Sempra's net share to be about $300 million. Karen referenced this earlier, but we still expect to maintain our targeted levered returns in the mid-teens for the overall integrated project. And as you know, that certainly includes continuing to optimize our transportation position. You'll recall, too, that with the change in schedule, it provides us opportunities to continue to manage that transportation position. For those of you who are hearing about our transportation, recall that we've got positions that connect us to the producing regions both in Texas and New Mexico and allow us to serve what has increasingly been a constrained market in the western part of the United States, including Baja California, where we've seen natural gas demand increase by over 30% in the last 10 years. One other thing that's benefited us at the project, Durgesh is we have certain inflation protections in our SPAs and that's also been helpful in helping us meet our expected original returns. So I think the key takeaway from my perspective is, we're in a good position to continue to manage that project. Deliberate consistent with the new expectations in the spring of 2026 and also meet our targeted financial returns.
Durgesh Chopra: That's great helpful. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Yes. And I'll let Justin go and speak to some of the additional color on the change in schedule.
Justin Bird: Hi Durgesh, first, let me say, like, Jeff, I'm disappointed with the schedule change at ECA. I will also say, given our ongoing efforts, I am confident that, one, will reach commercial operations in the spring of 2026; and two, will meet our return expectations at ECA. Let me give you just a little bit of color on where we are. The project is roughly 85% complete. Steel construction has been completed; piping is in full swing, 65% complete. We pulled roughly 87 miles of cable and 95% of the main equipment has been received on site and nearly 80% of that equipment has been delivered. The critical issue has been that during our peak in the work cycle, given some of the craft labor constraints in Baja, our contractor was unable to retain and secure the necessary labor resources to meet the schedule, and this loss of labor has created a change in schedule. Big picture, I still view this as an opportunity to showcase our ability to work constructively with our partners and contractors to safely deliver a quality project in the spring of 2026 with strong returns over the long-term.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Justin.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you, both. That is very clear. Just shifting gears over to Texas. Good to see that you have a settlement in the system resiliency plan. I'm just wondering, if there is any backlash, whether it's from the PUC or other stakeholders given sort of just what we've seen in media in response to the hurricane. Just any thoughts there? Just thinking about risks to your potential settlement here.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I would just make a couple of comments here. Number one, I think the timing of this agreement in principle, which is an all-party settlement. It's very, very good. I think as we think about our industry, generally, Durgesh, we're continuing to see extreme weather conditions, and it's highlighting the importance not just in Texas but California and other jurisdictions have continued to invest in resiliency. At our company, we've got over a 100-year history of dealing with these types of events. And I think we're pleased by Oncor's recent storm response. If you followed Oncor back in May, they went through some very severe weather and did a great job of restoring their system. So I think the opportunity for us is to marry up the commitment to operational excellence and storm response that Oncor has built a reputation on with this forward-looking SRP program. And the good news is, as it's been crafted as a settlement in principle, those dollars will start to flow in Q4 of this year and allows us to get after continuing to harden that system. So I think it's the right outcome at the right time for the customers of Oncor.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect. Thank you for taking my questions.
Jeff Martin: No worries. Thank you, Durgesh.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Hey Julien, we want to welcome you back.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, thank you so much, Jeff team, it's a pleasure to chat with you guys. So you guys continue to make great progress across the Board, including here in Texas. So to that end, right, with this SRP, let me, if I can ask to sort of elaborate a little bit, how do you think about the SRP in light of what's happened with Beryl and perhaps any expansion plans around mobile gen or otherwise, right? So it an ever-evolving landscape here, the needs are evolving. Obviously, this was contemplated in the last legislative session. Any comments about how to move from here on expanding the SRP and/or expectations on the legislative session next year ahead that could come ahead.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Let me do a couple of things. Let me start with my views on the SRP. I'll pass it to Allen to talk about some next steps procedural. But Julien, I'll start right up in front and say, I have been around the utility business for roughly 30 years, going back to 1992. And in my career, I've never seen an evolving growth story like we see in Texas. So we made a great investment, as you know, back in March of 2018, we were investing in what was at that time an 80% owner that had been bankrupt. We thought there was an opportunity to deploy capital in a way that better serve customers. So I think we are investing in a management team and a growth story, and it certainly has played out very well. And I will tell you that story continues to evolve, and I'm more bullish today than I've been at any point on the capital opportunity in Texas. Let's talk about this our PO quickly. You recall that the Oncor team filed that case back in May it outlined nearly $3 billion of capital investments. And you'll recall that, that's incremental to the record campaign that they're executing on right now, which comes in right around $24 billion. As we updated on the call, we're pleased that Oncor has been successful in reaching a preliminary settlement as an all-party settlement, and we view the settlement in principle constructively and hope to move to a final settlement in the coming weeks. I would want to have a note of caution here that we don't want to speak to the details of the settlement nor Julien, do you understand, we don't want to front run the commission's review. But we feel very positive about it. I think it's a great sign for our ability to step forward and continue to help rate payers in Texas. And Allen, maybe it would be helpful for Julien, if you talked a little bit about kind of the procedural next steps.
Allen Nye: Yes, sure. Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, Julien. As Jeff said, we're really, really excited about announcing the settlement in principle of our SRP this morning. And I do want to thank the parties; in particular PUC staff for the willingness to work with us on getting to this outcome that we think is really going to provide some meaningful benefits to our customers. But with regards to the next steps, now that we've announced that we filed with the PUC and informed the judge of our preliminary settlement. We're in the process of drafting a definitive settlement agreement plus supporting testimony. We're going to file that by August 16. And at that time, the details will be public, and we can talk more about it. Next step would be to have the case remanded from State Office of Administrative Hearings back to the PUC and to try and get that scheduled for PUC consideration as soon as reasonably possible. And as Jeff said, I never like to get in front of the commission or assume anything. But assuming that we get approval, we think we'll be in a position to begin making the SRP-related investments and expenditures late in this year in 2024. I think importantly, we believe that this settlement will allow us to accomplish all of the benefits that we identified in our original filing. And given some of the challenges that our state has faced over the last few months, we think this is a really very positive development for both us and our customers.
Jeff Martin: The only other thing I would add, Julien, to the back part of your question is, later this week, I'll be meeting with the Governor of Louisiana in Louisiana and then on Friday, I'll be meeting with Governor Abbott. And part of the purpose of my business is to continue to reiterate Sempra's strong commitment to invest in the state of Texas. And I think we might be the largest investor in the state today in addition to the $27 billion of spending we've circled at Oncor, we're putting into work $13 billion at Port Arthur Phase I and we're aggressively looking to put forward a similar project of scale for Port Arthur Phase 2. As you think about the legislative session for next year, my personal view, Julien, is that public policy in the state of Texas favors new investment around reliability and resilient infrastructure. And I would tell you that's right in Oncor's wheelhouse. So we'll continue to expect constructive regulatory and legislative outcomes in Texas. And I think you've seen that, Julien, over the last year or two, and we're committed to partnering with stakeholders to continue to achieve outcomes that directly support our customers in North Texas.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you guys so much for the details. And just quickly, on the SIP front, obviously, you saw the ECA developments here. Just to confirm here, that doesn't have any reads here or concerns for PA with respect to the on-time, on-budget conversation. And then subsequently to your prospects for PA Phase 2, as you think about like that continuous construction mantra that I think you've previously articulated here and expectation for cost.
Jeff Martin: Yes. There's actually two questions there. I think let me speak to the read through to Port Arthur first. And then Justin, I think it would be really helpful to talk about your excitement on Port Arthur Phase 2. So really quickly, a short answer to your question is Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 is not impacted, Julien, you know this, it's a different market. It's a different craft labor pool, it's a fully wrapped EPC contract with what we think is the best EPC contractor in the business, which is Bechtel. So I think that's one of the things that we're not as concerned about. What we encountered in ECA was unique to the craft market in Baja California. We feel very good about Port Arthur Phase I. But Justin, I think it would be helpful to Julien if you don't mind walking through where you're at on Phase 2.
Justin Bird: Absolutely. Hi Julien, as Karen mentioned in her prepared remarks, we've had a number of exciting announcements recently. As you referenced, we executed a fixed price EPC agreement with Bechtel. Bechtel is doing incremental pre-FID work, and we're excited to move this project forward while targeting cost and construction efficiencies by have them roll uninterrupted from Phase 1 to Phase 2. Secondly, we announced the execution of an HoA with Saudi Aramco for 25% of the project equity and 5 million tonnes per annum of off-take. This demonstrates the global demand for LNG out of Port Arthur and more broadly, the value of low-cost and secure U.S. LNG. I might add that commercial discussions are progressing very well and there is a reasonable likelihood that the remainder of our volume is under similar HoA-type agreements in the coming months. And I hope we will have -- be in a position to provide continued positive progress on our third quarter call. From a permitting perspective, we've already received our FERC permit and FTA export, and we're now awaiting the non-FTA export permit which, again, we do not expect to impact our FID decision timing. And as a reminder, with Sempra's planning convention, since Port Arthur 2 is not -- has not reached a positive FID, it is not included in our plan and represents significant new growth opportunities. Julien, we can't be more excited about what we're seeing at Port Arthur Phase 2.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great stuff, guys. We'll see you soon here.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Carly Davenport from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Carly Davenport: Hey, thanks so much for taking the questions. I wanted to ask just on a couple of points on Texas. So I appreciate the updates on the growth outlook there. Wanted to ask on the $13 billion to $15 billion of transmission CapEx that you referenced that was proposed by ERCOT in the Permian. Could you help us think about how large of a share of that spend Oncor could help execute on as we think about that timeframe?
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Carly. I think it would be helpful, Allen, to answer that question directly and then go back. I think you've got some additional color on overall growth in the state, but maybe to tackle the Permian plan first and then talk about the broader opportunity.
Allen Nye: Yes, you bet. Thanks, Jeff, and thanks, Carly. So the Permian plan is presently being discussed in Austin, plan was issued, the PUC's published questions. The answer is due, I believe, on Friday. There may be more rounds of questions. I anticipate there'll be a workshop. And then the goal is to get something issued in the next couple of months, maybe September. The only thing I can really tell you right now about what we would potentially be building out of that plant until the plan is finalized is when you look at the scope of our operations, and I often talk about, when I'm talking about overall growth on our system, what's happening in West Texas and our Stanton Loop and our Culberson Loop. Given the scope of our operations in those areas, the amount of substations or end points that we own that could be utilized under a 1938 analysis that we would anticipate on really any plan coming out of this process that we would be a heavy participant in that $13 billion to $15 billion depending on where it comes out. That's probably the best I can do on specifics on the Permian today. Jeff, you want to talk about growth overall. Just going back, and I know some of this is already out there is in our earnings release. And -- but I generally report on kind of the same categories every quarter, and I'm going to try and break it down into four categories this time. And Jeff has already mentioned, we've talked about our very strong premise growth that continues 20,000 new in the second quarter, still seeing about 2% annually about twice national average. The second category of transmission points of interconnection, new requests for the quarter, we had 80 -- I'm sorry, 98 new. That's up about 7% over the same quarter last year. Total requests are up 13%, and then we always break those down into generation and LC&I, generation is up 7.5%. The retail or the LC&I is up 22%. And as I mentioned last time, and I've got a little update here, about 25% of that total, which is 341 requests right now, our large load customers that -- for us, that's over 100 megawatts individually. That group presently represents approximately 80 gigawatts of potential load, of which about 74% or 59 gigawatts would come from potential data centers, but the rest of it is fairly diverse from the type of customers. So incredibly strong growth transmission POI on the LC&I or large customer perspective. I mentioned West Texas earlier strong growth continues there, Far West, Texas, weather zone. Peak is up 9.3% over the 2023 peak already this year. Culberson and Stanton, our two loops, transmission loops that we serve, the Permian and Delaware Basins. Culberson is up 15.5% over the 2023 peak. Stanton is up 1.3% over the 2023 peak so far this year. And then the fourth category, I mentioned in my opening remarks, but I think they're significant when you consider what we're facing and the opportunities that we're seeing on our system, the new ERCOT study, the load forecast coming out of HB 5066, indicating a peak demand of approximately 152 gigawatts by 2030, up from the 2011 gigawatts that they predicted through 2029. And as I've said before, we believe we anticipate, based on our analysis that around 40% of that load could be in our service territory. And then the Permian Basin study that we started with, as I said, $13 billion to $15 billion by 2038 given where our facilities are and how that analysis should work, we would expect to build a significant portion of whatever projects come out of that plan. So obviously, all that comes with CapEx. Jeff's already indicated how we're going to approach that, probably giving an update in Q4. But I think the significant part of our CapEx, if you look at our $24.2 billion plan, over the next five, which, as I've said before, approximately 70% is growth and 97% or so is recoverable through our trackers. That's all before the SRP, which we've announced for settlement and principal on today, which is approximately $3 billion, again, details to come in August 16 approximately. That's also before much of the investment that we would need to do in order to serve these large load customers that I just mentioned. That is before what we would get out of any Permian plan. And that is mostly before what we would need to spend to meet the revised ERCOT load forecast of 157 gigawatts by 2030. So we'll continue to analyze that. We're going to work with our shareholders and our Board like we always do and provide that update on the Q4 call. But we are very, very excited about what we're seeing on our system. We think there's tremendous opportunities to invest throughout our system, and we're looking forward to trying to meet those needs.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Allen. And Carly, the other point I mentioned, and Allen called this out is that roughly 80% of that capital program is serving growth. And that's important because it puts downward pressure on rate increases related to infrastructure investment. And secondly, which is really almost unheard of in our industry, roughly 60% of that capital plan is associated with transmission. So just like in California, where we have the TAC, where transmission costs are socialized across all state consumers. The same thing takes place in Texas. So it's a robust capital plan is the plan that's expected to continue to increase. And the good news is, it's directly serving growth without a lot of pressure on affordability and really serving the needs of Texas consumers.
Carly Davenport: That's great. Thank you so much for all that context. Maybe just sticking in Texas for one follow-up. I guess how are you thinking about timing for going back in for another rate case. Just as you think about recent rate cases in Texas CapEx updates, moving pieces on insurance, a lot of things going on. So I'd just love to get your updated thoughts there.
Jeff Martin: Yes. There are some moving pieces. I'll see if Allen wants to add anything to this, one of them is, for example, increase in insurance related to wildfire towers, which I think is a common issue across the state. This is something we continue to evaluate. The good news is we've got the opportunity to either file for some of these selective cost increases on a one-off basis or come back in for a rate case. I think Allen's team hasn't made a definitive decision on that. But Allen, if you'd like to add anything, please. please go ahead.
Allen Nye: Yes. You bet, Jeff. Just briefly, we do -- we evaluate with our Board annually things like the topics you mentioned that might put pressures on us. But we are not required to come back in until the summer of 2027. We'll continue going through this process with our Board. And if things change, we'll make a decision. But right now, we don't have to -- we are not required to come back in until the summer of 2027.
Carly Davenport: Great. Thanks you so much for all the comments and color.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot, Carly for joining the call.
Operator: Thank you. And that is all the time we have for questions today. I would now like to turn the call over to Jeff Martin for closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: Yes, I'd like to conclude, if I could, by recapping several highlights from today's call. Number one, I think it's important for our listing audience to know and understand that we're seeing increased opportunity for investment in Texas. I think Allen did a good job of outlining some of the growth drivers there. I also want to state, I think it's the leading growth story in our sector and we continue to be very bullish on our opportunities in Texas. Number two, we're very pleased with our strong financial performance for the first half of the year. Karen mentioned this earlier, but we're trending ahead of our internal planning forecast. And number three, with Trevor's leadership and Scott Drury and Caroline Winn, we continue to feel quite positive about the opportunity we have in front of us with the general rate cases here in California because we're continuing to make investments, I think, that are strongly aligned with the public policy mandates of the state. In combination, we have great confidence in our financial commitments and are reconfirming our guidance ranges for both 2024 and 2025 as well as our long-term growth rate of 6% to 8%. It continues to be an exciting time for our company. And if you have any questions or follow-ups from this call today, please reach out to our IR team. I would also note that we look forward to seeing many of you at the upcoming Citi and UBS conferences in the next few weeks. And for those of you who are interested, we also invite you to reach out and schedule time to come visit SDG&E's new wildfire and climate resiliency facility. I think you'll find it to be time well spent and come away with a very strong sense of our company's commitment to safety and operational excellence. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-07 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Sempra's First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn it over to Glen Donovan. Please go ahead. 
Glen Donovan: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. The live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation are available on our website under our Events and Presentations section. 
 We have several members of our management team with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karen Sedgwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Group President, Sempra California; Justin Bird, Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; and other members of our senior management team. 
 Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Earnings per common share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024. I'd also like to mention that forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only of today, May 7, 2024, and it's important to note that the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Jeff. 
Jeffery Martin: Thank you, Glen, and thank you all for joining us today. We're pleased to report our first quarter financial results. It's a great start to the year and sets us up well to provide strong financial performance for 2024. 
 In addition to the strength of our financial performance, the market backdrop for energy infrastructure continues to be very constructive. We're seeing strong macroeconomic fundamentals supporting U.S. energy demand, with the economy continuing to grow at a steady pace, with manufacturing production gains, easing of supply chain constraints, and continued job creation. 
 We previously discussed the view that our industry is experiencing a super cycle of growth and believe Sempra's strategy and portfolio are well positioned to benefit from current trends. In addition to the long-term demand from reshoring and electrification of transportation, artificial intelligence and data centers are driving new growth in digital infrastructure with demand estimates tripling from 2.5% of total U.S. electric consumption to 7.5% by 2030. Growth in Texas is also particularly remarkable with ERCOT recently raising its forecasted peak demand by the end of the decade to over 150 gigawatts. Of note, that's 65 gigawatts higher than the all-time record in the state. 
 Against the backdrop of strong industry fundamentals, Sempra offers several competitive advantages: First, in California, we're at the forefront of the energy transition, serving 25 million consumers in the country's largest economy and one of the largest manufacturing bases in the U.S. And through our general rate cases, we're expecting to make new investments that support electrification and decarbonization while also improving affordability, safety, and reliability. 
 Turning to Texas, we're seeing diverse industrial, C&I and residential growth, which is creating jobs, increase in electricity demand and requiring significant investments to modernize and expand the electricity grid. With economic expansion, the safety and resilience of the grid becomes even more critical, and in part, that's why Oncor's recently filed system resiliency plan is both timely and important. Allen will speak to this in greater detail later in today's presentation. 
 And finally, at Sempra Infrastructure, we're supporting global demand for energy security are in the midst of a second wave of LNG developments expected to support over 700 million tonnes per annum of demand by 2050. 
 Our dual-coast LNG strategy is contributing to this push with approximately 16 million tonnes per annum of new export capacity currently under construction, which would more than double our existing LNG operating footprint. The key takeaway is we're excited about the opportunities ahead as Sempra Infrastructure looks to provide cleaner and more reliable sources of energy to its customers while charting a course for attractive built-in growth through the end of the decade. 
 It's also important to note that Sempra Infrastructure's growth forecasts are based solely on projects that have reached FID and are under construction and doesn't yet include expected upside from a series of other projects still in development. 
 Turning now to our financial results. We reported first quarter 2024 adjusted EPS of $1.34. In addition, we're pleased to also affirm our full year 2024 adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.60 to $4.90 and 2025 EPS guidance of $4.90 to $5.25. 
 As a reminder, when you look at our adjusted EPS guidance range from 2023 to 2025, it reflects approximately 7% annual growth, which is consistent with our long-term EPS growth expectations of 6% to 8%. Please turn to the next slide where I'll turn the call over to Karen to provide several business updates. 
Karen Sedgwick: Thank you, Jeff. We've previously said that 2024 will be an important year of execution at each of our growth platforms, and I'm excited to provide an update on our progress. 
 At Sempra California, we continue to see constructive regulatory outcomes. In March, the CPUC issued a proposed decision supporting the updated return on equity that was implemented this year as part of the CCM trigger. The commission agreed that the current cost of capital mechanism operated as designed, and the recently established returns on equity at SDG&E of 10.65% and at SoCalGas of 10.5% should remain in place through 2025 unless market conditions result in a trigger. Importantly, this improves regulatory certainty by affirming the protection that the CCM provides to customers and shareholders. And the key takeaway is that this is another constructive data point for California's regulatory framework. 
 Another example of this is rate reform. Improving affordability for all of our utility customers is a top priority. And I'm pleased to share that a proposed decision was issued at the CPUC in March to implement a fixed charge for residential electric customers. 
 As currently proposed, this will reduce volumetric rates, support a more fair rate structure, and help California meet its clean energy goals. A final decision is expected in the second quarter of 2024, and the fixed charge would then be expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2025. 
 During the quarter, we also made a joint filing with the other California utilities to develop projects that successfully demonstrate blending hydrogen into the natural gas system. These projects will begin blending at up to 5% on isolated sections of the natural gas system and incrementally increase the hydrogen concentration based on safety and technical feasibility. Hydrogen blending has been demonstrated safely and reliably around the world for decades. And we look forward to working with our partners to support new and improved ways to expand decarbonization efforts here in the state. 
 Turning to the GRC. We expect a proposed decision in the second quarter and a final decision this year. Once the final decision is obtained, it will be retroactive to the beginning of the year. As a reminder, after we receive a final decision, we will have a clear regulatory pathway for execution on our utility-focused capital plan through 2027. 
 Lastly, CAISO updated SDG&E that it was not selected to move forward on the Imperial Valley transmission line and substation. It's important to note that we were financially disciplined in how we developed our bid, and we look forward to supporting the project's successful development as well as building the other transmission projects that were directly awarded to SDG&E by CAISO. 
 Turning to Texas, we continue to see significant growth across Oncor's service territory. Just last month, ERCOT issued an updated transmission planning report, forecasting approximately 40% higher load in 2030 than in last year's report. And yesterday, Oncor made its inaugural SRP filing, which includes approximately $3 billion of capital investments. In addition to SRP, the 2023 legislative session was particularly constructive for the state's utilities. We're already seeing the positive impacts at Oncor in terms of the planning and execution that support the state's priorities and improve the timing of the company's returns on capital. 
 Moving to Sempra Infrastructure. We're very excited about the opportunity to help deliver cleaner energy to our customers and partners. Recently, we declared a positive FID at our Cimarrón Wind Expansion project. This project demonstrates our ability to generate attractive returns while utilizing existing company-owned transmission capacity to serve the California market and targeting O&M efficiencies based on locational advantages. 
 Additionally, we're making great progress at ECA LNG Phase 1 and Port Arthur LNG Phase I. ECA is roughly 80% complete and remains on target to start commercial operations in the summer of 2025. Port Arthur also remains on schedule with significant ongoing construction activity, including excellent progress around soil stabilization, new foundations, and the commencement of concrete pouring and structural steel work. 
 Turning to our marketing efforts. The LNG market is long term by nature, and while the DOE pause has received a lot of press, we remain confident in our ability to deliver projects that offer long-term, secure, and cleaner energy to customers. Sempra Infrastructure benefits from experienced project development teams that continue to make progress on critical work streams, including permitting, engineering, and commercial negotiations. Moreover, the referenced pause does not impact our confidence in the overall competitive positioning of our development projects, and we're strategically utilizing this time to steadily advance our opportunities. 
 Also of note, even if you only take into consideration projects that have reached FID, Sempra Infrastructure has incredible built-in growth. With 16 million tonnes per annum of LNG export facilities, associated infrastructure, and a new wind project under construction, we're improving visibility to attractive earnings growth through the end of our planning period in 2028. And that's all before taking into account our development project pipeline, which Jeff referenced earlier and offers notable upside. We can now turn to the next slide where Allen will discuss ERCOT's new planning processes. 
E. Nye: Thank you, Karen. As we have been discussing for several quarters now, Texas continues to experience strong demand growth. Oncor now serves close to 13 million customers and has now surpassed over 4 million meters. ERCOT is adapting to this growth with a recently announced new planning process to account for higher expected electricity needs in the future. In April, ERCOT announced that peak load is expected to reach 152 gigawatts in 2030, nearly double the record set last year of 85 gigawatts. This load growth is coming from a wide range of industries across the state, including new and expanded C&I, electrification of oil and gas operations, data centers, manufacturing, and residential.
 To put this growth in context, the change from 2023 to 2030 would be like adding load greater than the size of the entire California power market. Currently, we anticipate that approximately 40% of the new load will come from Oncor service territory. So from our perspective, as one of the premier builders of T&D infrastructure in America, we are excited about the opportunity to continue to scale our investments in electric infrastructure. 
 Since 2018, Oncor has constructed approximately 13,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines, approximately 6 miles per day. We have an active planning process underway and are confident in our ability to secure the materials and labor necessary to serve our customers in the ERCOT market.
 Please turn to the next slide. Given the growth in the state, resiliency is more critical than ever. In 2023, the Texas legislature passed House Bill 2555, which allows electric utilities to file system resiliency plans proposing capital and operational expenditures to improve overall grid resiliency. We made our first filing yesterday for approximately $3 billion of new capital expenditures and just over $500 million of operating expenditures to be made over a period of 3 years. This investment would address overhead and underground system resiliency and modernization, flexible and self-healing distribution system, vegetation management, wildfire mitigation, and cyber and physical security.
 To provide some additional color, the majority of our proposed spend is in the modernization and hardening of the older parts of our distribution system by adding lightning protection, stronger class poles and cross arms, and addressing capacity constrained parts of the grid during extreme temperatures. Furthermore, we are proposing significant technology and infrastructure investments that will help enable the automated reconfiguration of our system when extreme storms hit, quickly restoring service to customers on undamaged segments by intelligently rerouting power.
 I would also like to highlight that we have invested in wildfire mitigation for many years, including effectively partnering with industry leaders like SDG&E and the Texas [ A&M ] Forest Service. Now thanks to HB 2555, Oncor has an additional opportunity to further accelerate our wildfire mitigation strategies across our service territory. We estimate that approximately $900 million of the total proposed spend, including both CapEx and OpEx, will focus on expanding our wildfire mitigation tools and implementing our grid modernization and hardening measures in wildfire-prone areas.
 Procedurally, the SRP statute provides 180 days for the PUCT to review the filing, and we anticipate having a decision by the end of the year. The SRP program, with approximately $3 billion of capital expenditures if approved, would be incremental to Oncor's $24.2 billion of planned CapEx announced earlier this year for the 5-year period 2024 to 2028. We believe our proposed SRP creates an opportunity to fundamentally improve customer reliability and overall customer service during and after extreme weather events while also helping to mitigate other risks. I will now turn the call back to Karen to walk through Sempra's financial update. 
Karen Sedgwick: Thanks, Allen. Earlier today, Sempra reported first quarter 2024 GAAP earnings of $801 million or $1.26 per share. This compares to first quarter 2023 GAAP earnings of $969 million or $1.53 per share. On an adjusted basis, first quarter 2024 earnings were $854 million or $1.34 per share. This compares to our first quarter 2023 earnings of $922 million or $1.46 per share.
 Please turn to the next slide. Variances in the first quarter 2024 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year can be summarized as follows: at Sempra California, we had $24 million primarily from higher net interest expense and lower income tax benefits and $12 million of lower CPUC base operating margin, net of operating expenses, offset by higher authorized cost of capital. 
 As a reminder, because our GRC is still pending, our CPUC revenues in first quarter 2024 are still based on 2023 authorized levels. This is important because any true-up later this year will be retroactively applied to January 1 when the final decision is approved.
 Turning to Sempra Texas. We had $56 million of higher equity earnings attributable to rate updates, increased invested capital, and consumption, partially offset by higher interest and operating expenses. 
 At Sempra Infrastructure, we had $13 million of lower transportation revenues and higher O&M, partially offset by higher power results, and $27 million of lower asset and supply optimization, partially offset by lower net interest expense due to capitalized interest, lower taxes and other. As a note, beginning this year, the waterfall numbers are presented after noncontrolling interest to improve comparability.
 At Sempra Parent, the $48 million quarter-over-quarter change is primarily due to higher taxes from the interim period application of an annual forecasted consolidated effective tax rate, which is expected to turn around over the course of the year.
 Please turn to the next slide. Before we close out our prepared remarks, I want to outline Sempra's value proposition as we execute our corporate strategy. At Sempra, our management team is committed to challenging the status quo in all aspects of our business operations. We offer exposure to growth in some of North America's largest economic markets. Our position as a leader in the infrastructure development in these markets translates into a record $48 billion capital campaign through 2028.
 In addition, we make energy infrastructure investments that target attractive mid-teens returns on equity, and we understand that disciplined capital allocation is central to our success. And we understand the importance of returning capital to our owners and expect to continue growing our dividend. Of note, we've successfully grown our dividend at a rate of roughly 7% annually over the last 10 years. This is particularly noteworthy, given the expected strength of our future earnings growth.
 To conclude, the role of our industry is becoming increasingly important to society, and at Sempra, we're excited about the prospects ahead of us. Sempra is competitively positioned to capitalize on opportunities, and we'll continue to invest in our people, prudently manage risks, efficiently finance our businesses, and be good stewards of the capital entrusted to us. We thank you for joining us, and I'd now like to open the line for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Maybe just starting off on the kind of the incremental upsides that's starting to build versus the 4Q plan, including at SIP and the SRP in Texas. I guess, does the existing financing plan have room to support the spend in '25 through '27? And would you look to maybe utilize some SIP balance sheet capacity to offset potential equity needs from incremental CapEx that we could see coming? 
Jeffery Martin: Yes, I appreciate the question. And I think we're in good shape on our balance sheet. I'll remind everyone, Shar, that we have a track record of efficiently financing our growth and that's been a big part of our success, as you know, since 2018. In fact, over the last 5 years, we've been successful at growing our adjusted EPS at roughly a 10% annual growth rate. Our current plan, as you know, contemplates we'll make about $48 million of investments through 2028. We certainly think there's opportunities to continue to grow that plan.
 But I would also mention that well in advance of announcing our capital plan, Shar, we got our equity needs out of the way last fall. So the key takeaway is we're in great shape with no need for additional equity. We have great visibility to our future growth, and I think you indicated a couple of levers that we have to pull. And we have a plan in place that should allow us to officially finance our growth. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. So you're comfortable with the balance sheet and if there's incremental CapEx coming? That's helpful, Jeff. 
Jeffery Martin: Yes, we are. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. And then just given the cost of capital affirmation in California, I guess, how are you planning maybe to recognize the impacts of the CCM? Is there a customer reinvestment plan? And would you kind of plan to provide an update on the California Utilities earnings after the PD? 
Jeffery Martin: Yes. I think there's going to be an opportunity as we get through our rate case. You'll recall that we're expecting to have our proposed decision later this quarter and a final decision at the end of the year. And those are the type of issues that we would reconcile on the then next earnings call, which could be as early as Q3 to make sure we provide real clear visibility to the impact of the rate case on our forward earnings. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan Securities. 
Jeremy Tonet: Turning to Texas, I was just wondering if you could frame this latest ERCOT load growth outlook against the last capital plan raised by Oncor. Is that level of system investment contemplated consistent with this load growth? Or is there even more, I guess, upside down the pipe here? And if so, what time frame do you think that could make it into the plan? 
Jeffery Martin: Well, it's certainly a great question. Obviously, ERCOT just released their latest information in the last couple of weeks. Allen noted this in his prepared remarks, but it's pretty amazing that you could take the peak demand load in America's largest economic environment, which is California, and the expectation is in Texas that look to grow back much between now and 2030. The key thing that Allen has mentioned before, too, is ERCOT is right in the middle of this growth story, right? So as you think about growth opportunities, we think that between 40% and 50% of that would fall to his service territory. And there's no question that this will be evaluated in the fall as Allen and his team put their plan together. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. And then digging again on the SRP a little bit more, I was just wondering if you could kind of bracket what this work will accomplish over the next 3 years relative to overall resiliency needs you see in the system. 
Jeffery Martin: Yes, let me make a couple of kind of contextual comments, and I'll turn it over to Allen. Just yesterday, they made their inaugural filing. You know from our materials, it's $3 billion over 3 years. And one of the things that we're interested in at Sempra, very much like all the investments that we make across our different growth platforms, this plan is intended to harden our system to withstand extreme weather conditions, reduce restoration outage times and improve overall reliability.
 I would also note, Jeremy, that the requested capital is incremental to Oncor's existing capital plan. But Allen, what might be helpful, and I think this will go to the heart of this question is, can we just take a step back, talk about your overall $24 billion capital plan? Why the SRP piece is so important? And maybe I'll return to kind of the value proposition to your regulator. 
E. Nye: Yes, sure, Jeff. And thanks for the question, Jeremy. Going back to Jeff's point to our original -- our current 5-year capital plan is presently at $24.2 billion. And that breaks down generally into about $5.1 billion for distribution expansion, about $13.5 billion for transmission expansion, $4.2 billion for maintenance, and about $1.4 billion for technology. And again, as I've said before, that demonstrates about 70% of our capital plan is growth. 97% of our capital plan or more is recoverable through our trackers, and that provides us right now with a very, we think, solid industry-leading rate base CAGR of around 11%.
 Now obviously, that's before the SRP and whatever the commission ultimately rules on our SRP. We feel -- we're very excited about the plan we filed. I think our team has done a great job in preparing a very strong plan that will have, I think, significant benefits for our customers. And if I can, I can break it down a little more into what we filed. Our SRP is generally broken down into 6 major categories. The first one being overhead and underground resiliency and modernization. That includes things like new and repaired poles, cross arms, lightning protection, increased capacity for high demand days, rehab or replacement of underground conductor. And so in that first category, that's around $1.830 billion in the first category.
 Our second category is continued optimization of distribution automation. And what we're talking about there is expansion of our distribution automation program through new ties, increased capacity and the addition of intelligence switches. And we have about $510 million in that bucket. The third category is expanded vegetation management or VM. We're going to do that primarily on a bunch of lateral circuits, and we're going to leverage remote sensing capabilities such as satellite and LiDAR to better direct our VM program moving forward through this program. We have about $285 million allotted to expand the VM in this plan.
 Fourth category is enhancing our cyber risk management. That means all things cyber risk-related mitigation as well as enhancement in security related to Oncor's digital backbone. And we have about $525 million allocated to that category. 
 Fifth, improved physical security. Like all utilities, many around the country, we're facing additional intrusions and risk to our physical assets. And so we have about $80 million allocated in our plan to things such as -- video and event correlation systems to insist law enforcement as well as just general asset protective measures to try and better protect our assets and equipment. And we have about $80 million in that category.
 Finally, we have about $900 million total in the plan, but about $182 million specifically related to wildfire mitigation measures. And that would include things like strengthening and protection of assets in higher-risk wildfire zones, safe device deployment, advanced wildfire risk modeling, overhead and underground resiliency measures and again, increased distribution, automation in higher wildfire risk areas. And I would say, just lastly on that last piece, that's a continuation of wildfire risk mitigation and prevention that we've had going on for a number of years. But with this additional $900-or-so million that we have allocated to this category in this plan, we think we can make some real headway on that issue as well as the other ones I described. 
Jeffery Martin: Allen, if you would, maybe as a follow-up, going to kind of the heart of Jeremy's question, I don't want to get in front of your regulator, but could you just kind of define the value proposition that you think that the plan will deliver? 
E. Nye: Well, sure, Jeff, and I think you said it very well. And I've said on prior calls, I view this and I think we view this as a historic opportunity to really directly take action on our system to the benefit of our customers in the ERCOT market. And I think each one of these categories would provide very specific benefits from resiliency to avoidance and prevention of wildfires to better reliability, all things that will benefit our customers very directly. 
Jeffery Martin: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. 
Durgesh Chopra: Maybe just can you just figure your thoughts on the pause on the FDA permit and how do you see that progressing? 
Jeffery Martin: Yes. Thank you for asking me that question, Durgesh. I think I would start by saying that 2 things come to mind. First is, we believe the permitting pause is temporary and that permits will be issued in the future. I mean, many of you followed the comments that were made at the CERAWeek. I think Secretary Granholm has repeatedly now said that she anticipates this issue will be in the rearview mirror at some point early next year.
 Secondly, I would also remind folks that it only really impacts Port Arthur Phase 2. We already have existing Department of Energy non-FDA permits for Cameron Phase 1, which is in operations, ECA Phase 1, and Port Arthur Phase 1, both of which are in construction as well as Cameron Phase 2, ECA Phase 2, and Vista Pacifico. So this is really something that really impacts directly Port Arthur Phase 2, and we expect to work through that early next year. I would note that Justin's team continues to work diligently to advance Port Arthur Phase 2, which we continue to believe has tremendous commercial value.
 But I also thought it might be helpful if I return to what we think are probably the most important points around our LNG strategy. We have quality LNG development projects, which obviously include the expansion of Port Arthur. They are geographically advantaged. There's no other developer out there that has the opportunity to directly access Asia and also dispatch into the Atlantic through the Gulf. The next 2 in the queue have the advantage of being brownfield sites. That's another economic advantage for us at Port Arthur Phase 2 as well as Cameron expansion.
 And we're advancing these projects in a disciplined manner for the benefit of our shareholders. I would also note that they are effectively upside to our current $48 billion capital plan, and they are also upside to our long-term growth rate. 
Durgesh Chopra: Jeff, I appreciate all that color. And I think you did answer my question I was just going to ask you. If there is a time line that we should follow as you think about FID, whether it's Port Arthur Phase 2 or the Cameron expansion. 
Jeffery Martin: Sure. I would mention 2 things. One is we have guided our expected FID for Cameron expansion to the first half of 2025. We have not yet set an FID expectation for Port Arthur Phase 2. But I can assure you that Justin's team continues to make steady progress. I mean, as you go quarter-over-quarter, we are continuing to make progress and commercially developing both of those projects, and I think the momentum inside of our company continues to build on their overall success. 
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent quarter, guys. 
Jeffery Martin: Thank you so much. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Carly Davenport from Goldman Sachs. 
Carly Davenport: Wanted to just go back to the SRP filing. Really appreciate all the detail there so far. Just wanted to get a sense of how we should think about the timing and the cadence of that spend, assuming that the plan sort of goes into effect in the 2025 time frame. And then can you just remind us how procedurally you expect this to play out between now and year-end? 
Jeffery Martin: Yes. Let me start with the procedural point and then I'll pass it on to Allen to talk about how he expects that capital to go forward. Obviously, they've made the filing yesterday, which was contemplated in the legislative bill that passed last year. The commission has a statutory 180 days to review and approve the filing. So I think for now, we're expecting that to be in hand in the fourth quarter.
 And then in terms of that rolling out, suspend over 3 years. And maybe, Allen, you can talk about it on a going-forward basis, how you think that capital would lay in, obviously subject to the commission's approval and the final number. 
E. Nye: Yes, you bet, Jeff. Pretty simply, it's basically 2025 through 2027 for those outlays and it's slightly backloaded. 
Carly Davenport: Got it, great. And then to follow up just on, you've talked a lot about these robust load growth opportunities in Texas supporting infrastructure investment. Just could you talk a little bit about if there's any sort of supply chain or other constraints that you're running into in terms of executing on that T&D build out at Oncor? 
Jeffery Martin: Yes. I said something about this in my prepared remarks. We continue to see some supply chain constraints in some areas, but in general, we're seeing obviously load growth across all of our markets and there's been some relaxation of the supply chain issue. I think Oncor in particular, and both Justin and I serve on their Board of Directors, have done a really good job of going into the marketplace to secure the appropriate contractors and hard goods. But Allen, perhaps you could talk about the work that the team has done. And over what period of time do you feel like you've got what you need locked in? 
E. Nye: Sure. Yes. Carly, it's a great question. Again, as Jeff said, we at Oncor and our operations and our supply chain people had been working to get in position to be able to execute on this plan for quite a while now. And we've done a number of things, including diversifying our supply chain, adding additional suppliers 5 and 6 years ago that have put us in a position now to while there certainly are issues out there with supply chain, we feel extremely confident in the first 2 years.
 I've said it to my Board. I think we have the first 2 years effectively in the box with what we need from both an equipment perspective and from a vendor perspective. And we've made very significant progress on the outer 3 years as well. And what we're doing now is filling in the gaps and waiting to assign things out like engineering studies. Those aren't completed yet for the outer years because we wouldn't assign them out until we know exactly what we're facing. But we've managed, I believe, to work through supply chain issues very effectively, and we feel very good about where we are right now. 
Jeffery Martin: And then, Carly, the only other thing I would add to Allen's comments is think about his base capital plan, which is just over $24 billion, is really organized around growth. And specifically, it is weighted toward transmission. So roughly 60% of that spend is transmission. And I think that's why this SRP filing is so important. It really creates a second leg of growth specifically around building in redundancy and resiliency in the system, which is equally important to the state of Texas. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe. 
Steven Fleishman: Just one question. Just I think Conoco might have said they have interest in selling down a stake in Port Arthur, but I did not see it myself so I'd just be curious what you're hearing from them. 
Jeffery Martin: Yes, I'll make a couple of comments here. One is, Steve, Conoco is a very important strategic partner for us at Port Arthur. I would note that we've got a lot of respect for their management team and certainly have great relationships across both companies and I think a strong alignment of interest, and this is the key point around both Phase 1 and Phase 2.
 So whether they elect to put new capital into Phase 2 is an open matter. I'd certainly refer that to their management team. But just remember, in the first phase, they took roughly half of the offtake or 5 million tonnes per annum, they own 30% of the project level equity, and they are also the gas manager for the first phase. 
 The second phase is, important context, I believe, on Conoco because the second phase will be taking gas supply, Steve, from the Permian Basin, which has significant strategic considerations for a variety of commercial parties, and that's particularly true for ConocoPhillips.
 So I would just note that this is an area we're working closely with a variety of counterparties who want to collaborate with us on the success of Phase 2. And based on the conversations we're currently having, we continue to be very excited about moving forward with that project. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. 
Anthony Crowdell: If I could, I guess, jump on Carly's question. I guess hers is more specific maybe supply chain to the regulated utility. If I think about the Infrastructure business, particularly with Port Arthur 2 and Cameron Phase 2, any big changes or estimates you're seeing in the E&C contracts that maybe Bechtel is looking into? 
Jeffery Martin: Yes. What might be helpful here, Anthony, is Justin, if you just take us through maybe a little bit of a construction update as well as what you're doing to secure some long lead time items on some of the projects to your near-term focused, and that might be helpful for his question. 
Justin Bird: Yes, yes. Hi, Anthony, and thank you, Jeff. Yes. So let me start with construction and then I'll go to the heart of your question. So we're seeing solid progress at construction at both ECA Phase 1 and Port Arthur Phase 1. I've had opportunities to visit both sites recently. Jeff and I were at ECA just 2 weeks ago observing construction. And I was at Port Arthur recently for the 1-year commemorative groundbreaking. Both projects remain on track. We're not seeing the supply chain issues.
 At ECA Phase 1, we remain on track for COD in the summer of 2025. We're now more than 80% complete. Construction is ongoing across all areas of the project. We have about 4,000 people deployed on-site and have over 15 million hours worked with no lost time incidents. Bechtel at Port Arthur Phase 1, construction activities are progressing well. As Karen mentioned in remarks, we're focused on the foundation stage construction, soil stabilization, piling, concrete pouring, and it's exciting to see we recently commenced structural steel.
 In terms of our development projects, we remain excited about these projects. We're continuing to see strong market interest and do expect these projects to advance. In terms of construction contracts or progress at Port Arthur Phase 2, while we're awaiting our DOE non-FDA export permit, we're continuing to work with Bechtel on an EPC agreement that can optimize efficiencies with the Phase 1 construction schedule. We're also continuing marketing efforts for offtake and equity.
 On Cameron Phase 2, we're currently working with the Cameron partners to optimize cost through value engineering. And as Jeff mentioned, we're also exploring the procurement or reservation of long lead time and critical path equipment. Cameron Phase 2 is a comparatively low emission project, and it's a brownfield asset sourcing low-cost gas. So we think this is really important. And as Jeff had previously mentioned, we're advancing that with a view toward taking FID in the first half of 2025.
 I guess as a takeaway, I talk about the reverse Field of Dreams model when they come and when we achieve the right returns, we'll build it. Along these lines, we'll only move forward with our projects when we have the right cost and risk structure and long-term contracted cash flows that support our corporate strategy, our targeted mid-teen equity returns and create value for our shareholders. 
Jeffery Martin: Anthony, I'd also mention to the heart of your question, the Bechtel relationship is a strategic relationship for us. They're very, very helpful, kind of the best in the business in the [ Gulf ]. And that's why Justin commented on the importance of not demobilizing Phase 1 and going right into a continuous build into Phase 2 at Port Arthur. I would also note that his team has master purchase agreements with all the key vendors in place. And there's a lot of focus on making sure we're sourcing the key equipment and particularly planning in advance to long lead time items. So that all goes into the box of how we manage risk to make sure that we're delivering projects that create the right risk reward for our owners. 
Anthony Crowdell: And then if I get one follow-up, and I know it's a very small part of SIP. It's the Cimarrón Wind. The company has been very successful at recycling capital and sold a renewable portfolio several years ago. Very opportunistic there. And now the company is -- should we think of more wins coming on or more renewable coming on to rebuilding a renewable portfolio with SIP? And I'll leave it there. 
Jeffery Martin: Yes, let me provide a little bit of context for that because we're excited about that project. Let me start, Anthony, with the fact that we rolled out our new corporate strategy back in 2018. And really, at the heart of that strategy was a more narrow focus on 2 things, the first of which was building leadership and scale advantages in large economic markets; and number two, more narrowly invested in the energy value chain around T&D type of infrastructure investments like Cimarrón where we can produce highly recurring cash flows.
 So when you turn that corporate strategy back to Mexico, we built a leadership position there going back to the 1990s. It's a market with over 130 million consumers. When I became CEO in 2018, Anthony, it was the 15th largest economy in the world. Today, the IMF has it ranked as the #12 economy in the world. And PricewaterhouseCoopers now forecasts it will be #7 in the world by 2040. It's also our largest trading partner with an energy network that's highly integrated with the United States. And that really plays to our strategy along the border and particularly the wind projects that you're referencing is located right along the U.S. border, is an expansion of a very large ESJ wind complex that we already own.
 It's integrated electrically with a high-voltage system and does serve California and it's being built using SI's operating cash flows from Mexico. So I think the key point here is, and we've referenced it several times in our prepared remarks, there is a very strong built-in growth story at SI based upon projects that have already taken FID, and the opportunity with this land position we have adjacent to California is to efficiently and cost effectively build some additional solar and wind to serve the California market, which is integrated with Mexico and fill in and continue to improve on that recurring cash flow growth story that Justin has been talking about. 
Operator: And we have time for one more question. And our next question will come from Craig Shere from Tuohy Brothers. 
Craig Shere: I'd like to dovetail a little on Anthony's first question about labor and the LNG markets and kind of feed that into a broader question for Justin. In the last 2, 3 months, we've seen some peer projects announce potential delays, unskilled labor issues. For the same reasons, you've announced increasing demand in your domestic utility networks and T&D networks from data centers to AI, but also coal-to-gas fuel switching and other.
 We've kind of seen a stabilization and rebound in the LNG markets with some sense that this digestion period everybody was looking for in the second half maybe soft and short or not exist at all. And in this context of the last 2, 3 months kind of change, I'm wondering if you're seeing any change in body language and a desire to kind of seize the day on prospective off-takers. 
Justin Bird: Yes, thanks for the question, Craig. I think you talked a little bit about supply chain, about labor, but let me go to the heart of your question at the end there. So I think the LNG pause, I would say, I think there was some time to react to that in the marketplace. You saw some people step back maybe with a little less desperation than they maybe had as part of the war in Ukraine. But I will say, and I think we've said it multiple times on this call, we are still seeing a robust commercial interest in our projects, our projects, our expansion opportunities. We've been a strong partner. So we're seeing robust interest. And I'd say currently, we have teams around the world actively engaged in commercial discussions for long-term contracted volumes. 
Jeffery Martin: I would also add, Craig, I appreciate your question. If it's all about seize the day, I'm betting on Justin's team. We're very excited about the progress we're making on the LNG front and look forward to providing updates in the future. 
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Jeff Martin for any additional closing remarks. 
Jeffery Martin: Let me just start by thanking everyone for joining us today. I know there were competing calls this morning so we appreciate everyone making the time to join us. As Karen mentioned, we certainly believe we have a compelling value proposition with a strong growth and income story. Our management team is committed to the long-term success of Sempra, and we believe there's an incredible opportunity for us to continue innovating and finding new and better ways to serve customers while also delivering strong financial returns to our owners.
 If there are any follow-up items, please reach out to our IR team with your questions, and we look forward to seeing you in California at AGA on May 20 and 21. This concludes our call. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-27 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Sempra's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn it over to Glen Donovan. Please go ahead.
Glen Donovan: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra's fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. The live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation are available on our website under our Events and Presentations section. We have several members of our management team with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karen Sedgwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Group President, Sempra California; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Justin Bird, Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer and other members of our senior management team. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K filed with the SEC. Earnings per common share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Please note that all sharing per share amounts reflect the 2:1 split of our common stock in the form of a 100% stock dividend that we announced in the second quarter call and distributed in August. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only of today, February 27, 2024, and it's important to note that the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 5 and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Glen, and thank you all for joining us today. Over the last several months, we've spent time with investors and the research community, soliciting feedback on ways to make today's call more informative. In response to your feedback, we'll be providing more information today from more executives. I'll start off by summarizing our recent business accomplishments and our corporate strategy and will be followed by the leaders of each platforms, who will likewise summarize their accomplishments, business model and expected capital deployment. Karen will close out today's presentation with a review of our Q4 and full year financial results and outline our new 2024 to 2028 capital plan. We'll also be sure to save time at the end to take your questions. Now turning to 2023, it was a strong year of operating and financial performance for our Company, and in large measure is a credit to our corporate strategy and our success in simplifying our business model. At Sempra, we're focused on making disciplined investments in large and growing economic markets that are looking to modernize their energy networks and connect communities to safer, more reliable and cleaner energy. Over the last five years, this strategy has allowed us to build significant scale into our business for the benefit of customers and shareholders. As we previewed on our third quarter call in November, I'm excited to announce that our capital plan has increased by 20% to a new company record of $48 billion with more than 90% allocated to regulated transmission and distribution investments. Trevor, Allen and Justin will go into more detail later in today's presentation, but the overall scope and size of our capital plan really speaks to the robust markets we operate in and the magnitude of the growth opportunities that are in front of our company. Turning to our 2023 financial results, we delivered adjusted EPS of $4.61 exceeding the high-end of our guidance and providing support to narrow our full year 2024 EPS guidance range to $4.60 to $4.90. This morning, we're also announcing full year 2025 EPS guidance range of $4.90 to $5.25, which represents approximately 7% growth from the midpoint of the prior guidance range. Based upon the continued growth we're seeing across our three T&D growth platforms, we're affirming our projected long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%. Finally, we're also pleased to announce the Board of Directors approved increase in our dividend for the 14th consecutive year to $2.48 per share. Please turn to the next slide. For the past several years, the United States has experienced significant economic uncertainty due to higher inflation, supply chain disruptions and higher interest rates. Against this backdrop, Sempra delivered strong financial performance in 2023 with record adjusted earnings and record adjusted earnings per share. Also over the last several years, our investment strategy has consistently prioritized making investments in energy networks in California and Texas, and this has allowed us to grow our rate base in those markets at the end of 2023 to just over $50 billion. Looking forward, one of the primary benefits of rolling out an expanded capital plan is that it provides unique visibility to the strength of our long-term earnings growth. Also, it's important to note that our equity offering last November was successful in mitigating future equity needs associated with our new plan. On the regulatory front, we've made several advances highlighting the constructive nature of the jurisdictions where we operate and our ability to work effectively with key stakeholders. In California, the cost of capital mechanism triggered as a result, SDG&E and SoCalGas increased their authorized ROEs last month. We also reached a proposed settlement with certain interveners for a portion of our pending rate cases, which we view constructively. Turning to Texas, Oncor successfully completed its base rate review last spring. Also several important pieces of legislation were passed that support new investments in transmission and distribution that benefit customers and the continued growth of the state's economy. Also at Sempra Infrastructure, we declared positive FID on Port Arthur LNG Phase 1, secured financing and began construction. We continue to make steady progress on our development projects. While the pause on non-FTE export permits has impacted the sector, we're confident in the commercial value of our projects and we'll continue to develop these critical infrastructure assets on a reasonable timeline. Justin will address this topic further in his section. Please turn to the next slide. Sempra is building critical new infrastructure designed to support economic and population growth while providing attractive financial returns to our owners. Through 2050, global GDP is expected to more than double, much of which will come from emerging economies, driving the need for incremental energy resources. Going forward, we strongly believe renewables, natural gas and cleaner molecules will be critical in meeting rising energy demand as we transition to an energy future with lower carbon intensity. As an example, United States natural gas production set a record during 2023 for the third consecutive year, fueled by strong domestic demand and record LNG exports, all while still achieving lower carbon emissions over the past several decades as renewables and cleaner burning natural gas replace coal as a fuel source in power generation. Please turn to the next slide. As we modernize our energy grids, the IEA estimates that $11 trillion are expected to be spent in the North American energy sector through 2050, with over $5 trillion focused on T&D investments. Please turn to the next slide. As we've outlined in the past, we've been disciplined and maintaining our focus on what we believe is the higher value, lower risk portion of the energy value chain. In the T&D segment, we make disciplined investments with the view toward producing high quality recurring cash flows from regulated utilities and long-term contracted assets that generally grow with inflation. Please turn to the next slide. As you can see here, our strategy combined with disciplined capital allocation has allowed us to successfully meet or exceed our EPS guidance range for the last 6 years. Over the same time period, our adjusted EPS has compounded annually at approximately 10% since 2018, which is top decile amongst our peers. Please turn to the next slide. Improving our corporate strategy has allowed us to build significant scale into our business for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. And that's been demonstrated by the consistency of our financial performance. It's also noteworthy that we've accomplished this across different market cycles that have included a global pandemic, supply chain shortages, high inflation, rising interest rates and geopolitical unrest. In short, our disciplined execution has consistently delivered total shareholder returns at levels that are well above our peer group. Please turn to the next slide. Before I hand the call to Trevor, I'd like to reiterate our key investment highlights. We own high quality T&D growth platforms located in California and Texas and some of North America's most attractive economic markets that also benefit from constructive regulation. We exercise a disciplined approach to capital allocation and are excited to launch our new 5-year capital plan of $48 billion. We believe this sets out a clear roadmap for our future growth and supports our expected long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%. In conclusion, we're proud of our recent accomplishments and the growing strength of our business franchise. Across our management team, there's a lot of excitement about the opportunities that are ahead of us. Now please turn to the next slide where Trevor who will walk you through the business updates at Sempra California.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. Let me start by highlighting the financial results at Sempra California. Earnings for the full year 2023 were $1.75 billion benefiting from $4.6 billion of capital investments focused on safety, reliability and wildfire mitigation. These investments increased rate base by 11% over 2022. We have long emphasized California's constructive regulatory compact including forward looking rate cases, access to the cost of capital mechanism and an established wildfire fund. And this year, we had several positive regulatory outcomes that reinforced our conviction and supports attracting capital to the state. As Jeff mentioned, last fall the cost of capital mechanism triggered and the CPUC approved increasing our authorized ROE at SDG&E and SoCalGas by 70 basis points. This increase was effective January 1, 2024. In October, we reached settlements for important capital and O&M portions of our rate case requests with certain interveners. And while these settlements are subject to CPUC approval, we're encouraged by that progress. And we anticipate receiving a proposed decision on our GRC in the second quarter. As a reminder, once finalized rates will be retroactive to January 1, 2024. Separately, in addition to the recently awarded transmission projects by CAISO, SDG&E has advanced their competitive bid for the Imperial Valley to the north of SONGS transmission line and expect an update in late April. We're also extremely proud of the recent recognition of our electric business. SDG&E was again awarded best in the West for Electric Reliability for the 18th consecutive year and recognized for their industry leadership in wildfire mitigation predictive modeling technology. The CPUC also recently increased the authorized storage capacity of Aliso Canyon by over 50%. This demonstrates the Commission's recognition of the importance of existing energy infrastructure and the critical role SoCalGas plays in supporting reliability and affordability of both natural gas and electricity in California. And finally, ARCHES, which is one of SoCalGas' strategic partners was selected to receive DOE funding to help develop a regional hydrogen hub. This is important because Los Angeles is one of the nation's largest manufacturing hubs and cleaner molecules are expected to play a pivotal role in helping hard to electrify sector lower their emissions. Please turn to the next slide. Now let's turn to some of the key trends that are supporting growth at Sempra California. We operate in the largest U.S. market representing nearly 15% of national GDP. California is also among the top three states for job growth with nearly 1 million jobs created over the past 5 years. We're also well aligned with the state policy that promotes building an economy based on sustainable energy. Earlier this month, the CPUC made further commitments to renewables mandating the construction of 56 gigawatts of new clean energy by 2035 including over 15 gigawatts of energy storage. California also remains home to the largest source of solar power and the highest penetration rate of electric vehicles of any state in the country. Just in San Diego County, there are now over 140,000 EVs and that number is expected to increase significantly in the coming years. It is also noteworthy that San Diego County leads the state with 23% of our customers having installed rooftop solar systems. These systems are often accompanied by a battery and as battery storage solutions become more cost effective, the need to reliably integrate these technologies on our network is expected to increase. Turning to Los Angeles, The manufacturing sector generates over $80 billion in annual GDP. For customers that require high heat content molecules, RNG and hydrogen will be increasingly important for affordable, reliable and safe operations. When you pair California's economic growth with its ambitious clean energy goals, the need for significant T&D investment is critical to help ensure reliability and affordability. The key takeaway here is that our investment strategy and the rate case filings are closely aligned with public policy and the direction the state is going. Please turn to the next slide. Sempra California is modernizing the T&D infrastructure necessary to integrate more renewables and clean molecules to serve the growing energy needs of customers, while facilitating California's energy transition. As this slide shows, our utilities play a central role in connecting new cleaner sources of energy to a diverse and growing set of customers. We continue to prioritize safety and reliability with a strong focus on maintaining an efficient cost structure. We currently have the lowest build relative to our peers in the state and are in line with the national average. We will always be focused on providing the best possible service while ensuring customer affordability is a top priority. Please turn to the next slide. Turning to our five year capital plan. We're announcing over $24 billion of investments. On the electric side, we are pursuing safe and reliable infrastructure investments, integrating renewable energy, incorporating battery storage, supporting EV infrastructure and hardening the system against event risks. On our natural gas system, we will continue to modernize our gas network, reduce carbon emissions and make investments in energy infrastructure that support the delivery of cleaner molecules. We expect these investments to grow our rate base at an approximate 7% CAGR from 2023 to 2028. We're excited about the growth prospects at Sempra California and we feel fortunate to have the opportunity to deliver safe and reliable energy in a market with a constructive regulatory environment. Please turn to the next slide where Allen will discuss Oncor's accomplishments in Texas.
Allen Nye : Thank you, Trevor. Oncor delivered strong financial performance in 2023, deploying $3.8 billion of capital and growing rate base by 12% over the prior year. We were pleased to complete our base rate review at the PUCT and emerged with a constructive outcome where all prior T&D investments by Oncor were deemed prudent and approved. 2023 also marked one of the most successful Texas legislative sessions for our industry in recent history. Several bills that were passed during the 88th Texas legislative session demonstrate the state's commitment to supporting a safer, smarter, more resilient and more reliable electric grid to power continued growth across the state. Oncor has historically worked closely with the Texas Legislature and its many stakeholders to achieve productive outcomes, but this session in particular was incredibly constructive. First, the legislature increased our allowed distribution cost recovery tracker filings to twice a year reducing Oncor's regulatory lag on critical investments. Additionally, the legislature passed HB 2555 which encourages utilities to make their systems more resilient and provides expedited recovery for approved capital and O&M expenditures. The PUCT finalized rules to implement HB 2555 last month. We expect to file our first system resiliency plan or SRP within the next several months. The PUCT is allowed six months to review the SRP, and if approved, we would expect to begin implementation by year end. Distribution capital approved in the SRP will be recovered through our DCRF tracker filings. Regulatory lag that normally accrues between the time of in service and the implementation of rates will be offset by a regulatory asset that will be recovered in our next DCRF. Similarly, O&M expense approved as part of the SRP will be offset by a regulatory asset that will be included for recovery in a subsequent DCRF. Use of this new mechanism should reduce the regulatory lag normally associated with these types of expenditures. We look forward to using the capital in O&M that gets approved under our SRP plan to improve the resiliency of our system, harden the system against storms, extreme weather and wildfire risk, and generally improve our customers' experience, while at the same time improving recovery of the expenditures. From an operational perspective, Oncor continued to execute at a high level. In 2023, we built, rebuilt or upgraded approximately 3,200 miles of T&D lines, while also increasing the number of premises we serve by 73,000. In West Texas alone, we built, rebuilt or upgraded over 650 miles of T&D lines and eight new switching and substations. The Texas grid performed very well through record demand peaks over the last 12 months. Oncor's reliability performance as measured by our non-storm SAIDI score improved by approximately 7% in 2023 compared to the previous year. Finally, in 2023, we set company records for active transmission interconnection requests and new transmission interconnection requests in the queue. Active generation and retail interconnection requests increased 25% year-over-year. New interconnection requests increased 19% year-over-year. Please turn to the next slide. These interconnection requests are driven by the dynamic economic growth that we continue to see in Texas. The Texas Miracle continues and is demonstrated by the continued strong growth both in population and diverse commercial and industrial businesses moving to the state. Oncor serves some of the country's fastest growing metro areas, including 4 of the 15 fastest growing cities. From a sheer scale perspective, Texas GDP is second only to California and continues to grow at a robust pace, growing at approximately 8% during the third quarter, faster than the nation as a whole for the fifth quarter in a row. Texas continues to see electric vehicle penetration as well. Over a recent 12 month period, the DFW Metroplex had the largest increase in EV registrations out of any major metro area in Texas with 63% growth. Please turn to the next slide. Oncor has also seen significant growth in commercial and industrial customers, representing electric loads that are larger than traditional commercial projects. Data center development continues to be robust across our service territory, including new sites that have the potential to support hyperscale computing and generative artificial intelligence services. These projects represent the potential for thousands of megawatts of new electric load, often hundreds of megawatts for just one project. Similarly, electrification of the oil and gas industry in West Texas continues at an impressive pace. Our Permian Basin reliability plan reliability plan update published by ERCOT earlier this month projects that within 15 years, the total demand in West Texas could increase fourfold from its current 6.5 gigawatts to 26 gigawatts. This growth is expected to support oil and gas production as well as general electrification. Oncor will be at the forefront and expanding its system to meet the requirements of these customers. Finally, as the population continues to expand both organically and from relocations, we still expect total premise growth to continue at approximately 2% annually. Each of these developments creates new opportunities to expand the Oncor Energy System. We are positioning ourselves to meet these demands through hiring, supply chain procurement and system planning, and looking forward to continuing to serve our customers in the ERCOT market. Please turn to the next slide. On Sempra's Q3 call, we discussed this growth and announced our intention to increase our capital plan. We are pleased to announce that Oncor's 5-year capital plan for 2024 through 2028 is projected to be $24.2 billion, which is a 26% increase over our previous 5-year capital plan of $19.2 billion. The vast majority of this capital plan is to serve customer growth, although the maintenance needs of our system continue to grow steadily as well. This plan does not include the amount of capital expenditures that we expect to request in the upcoming SRP filing that I mentioned earlier. We expect to file that plan in the first half of this year and the proposed spend will be subject to PUCT review and approval. With today's updated plan, we anticipate Oncor's rate base to grow at an annual average rate of 11% from 2023 to 2028. While historically, our earnings growth rate fell below our rate base growth due to regulatory lag. The addition of enhanced recovery mechanisms arising from the legislative session should move our long-term earnings growth rate closer to our rate base growth rate. Please turn to the next slide, where I'll turn the call to Justin to update you on Sempra Infrastructure.
Justin Bird : Thanks, Allen. We're also excited about the opportunities in Texas. Sempra Infrastructure is advancing the approximately $13 billion Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 project in Texas. This investment along with Oncor's capital plan certainly makes Sempra among the largest investors in the state. At Sempra Infrastructure, we're advancing construction on 5 projects, all of which are on time and on budget and our strategy differentiates us from others in the space. We have a dual coast LNG export strategy, a robust energy network portfolio, and power transmission infrastructure to move more renewable power across the border. All with the goal of delivering cleaner molecules and cleaner electrons to our customers and partners. We've achieved several noteworthy milestones in 2023 declaring positive FID on Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 was a major success and we secured all required project level debt and equity contributions. Financially, we executed well relative to 2022's strong results and our ability to maintain momentum through 2023 is another indication of our sustainable business model. Sempra Infrastructure's 2023 adjusted earnings were $764 million I'd also like to specifically call out the progress at ECA LNG Phase 1 as it approaches its summer 2025 COD. We are excited to bring one of the first North American Pacific Coast export projects to market. At Cameron LNG Phase 1, we've now exceeded 700 cargoes since production began in May of 2019 and we couldn't be more pleased with the high quality operations from this critical infrastructure asset. On the development growth pipeline, our priorities remain focused on advancing commercial discussions for offtake volume and equity ownership at Port Arthur Phase 2 and assessing Cameron LNG Phase 2's EPC opportunities. At Cameron LNG Phase 2, we've been working with Bechtel on value engineering and at this stage we feel it's best to continue those efforts while evaluating other potential EPC contractors. We're continuing to work closely with Bechtel on Port Arthur Phase 1 and potentially Phase 2, but we and the Cameron partners want to take some additional time to help ensure a cost effective build plan and conduct additional value engineering and analysis to improve the overall value of the project to our customers. At Port Arthur LNG Phase 2, we received FERC approval in September and earlier this month FERC staff issued an environmental assessment finding no adverse impact as a result of the Port Arthur, Louisiana Connector Pipelines amendment. I also want to mention that we continue to make significant progress toward an FID on Cimarron Wind. Recall, this is a 300 megawatt wind project located near our existing ESJ1 and ESJ2 wind projects that will directly interconnect with the California market. Finally, I wanted to highlight a hydrogen hub project we are participating in called High Velocity that is expected to receive $1.2 billion from DOE funding to pursue development. We are also actively engaged with a group of Japanese utilities on a collaboration to produce the natural gas using renewable hydrogen and CO2 as inputs. Projects like these demonstrate Sempra Infrastructure's innovative and entrepreneurial culture as we seek opportunities to provide cleaner and more secure energy for customers. Please turn to the next slide. Turning to macro trends impacting Sempra Infrastructure, global energy demand continues to increase. On sustainability, Sempra infrastructure plays a critical role in providing cleaner alternative solutions to heavier carbon fuels like coal and oil. Natural gas and particularly LNG can effectively replace less sustainable energy sources today. In fact, industry sources estimate that global LNG demand in particular will grow approximately 50% by 2045. There is an additional tailwind associated with emerging market growth as their share of global GDP increases relative to advancing economies. This drives overall energy consumption because developing economies tend to be more energy intensive as they modernize and improve quality of life. Sempra Infrastructure also develops renewables and associated infrastructure that provide cleaner sources of energy and contribute to a broader decarbonization efforts in North America. The final macro driver is the need for energy security. Energy dense, reliable and affordable energy is a key ingredient to building advanced economies. The key question is where that incremental energy production will be sourced. Recently, the DOE announced a pause on granting non FDA LNG export permits to reevaluate the impact granting these permits would have on domestic energy costs and to consider whether climate factors impact the public interest. LNG's climate role is important, which is why even before the regulatory development, we started work on several initiatives designed to minimize our environmental impact and help reduce emissions across our portfolio. One example being the conversion of E drives at Cameron LNG Phase 2. We're also developing carbon capture and sequestration infrastructure associated with our LNG projects. Long-term, we are confident in the commercial, economic and environmental value of our export facilities and we'll continue to work hard on behalf of our customers and investors to advance these projects. With that said, this permitting pause only applies to projects that haven't yet received their non-FDA export permit such as Port Arthur Phase 2. This pause does not impact on any of our assets in operation or under construction. As a reminder, Cameron train 4 has a non FDA export permit and the DOE stated in hearings earlier this month that the pause would not impact in service date extension requests for projects with existing permits. Per Sempra's planning convention, development projects such as Port Arthur Phase 2 and Cameron Phase 2 have not reached FID and are not included in our capital plan or guidance. So, any potential delay would not impact our current earnings growth visibility or our existing capital plan. We can't speculate on the ultimate outcome of this policy, but we'd like to reiterate the compelling environmental value proposition that natural gas and LNG provide. The United States has decreased carbon emissions 17% below 2005 levels despite increasing GDP by more than double in that time. A major reason for that progress is natural gas replacing coal and energy production. We believe a lasting policy of limiting LNG exports would unfortunately hurt the global climate interests, because prospective buyers could be forced to rely on more carbon intensive fuels including coal and fuel oil. We remain as enthusiastic as ever about the merits of our LNG projects as well as our ability to appropriately navigate the regulatory landscape to advance each one. Further, we are optimistic that normal permitting conditions will resume after all relevant variables have been carefully evaluated by the administration. Please turn to the next slide. On this slide, we highlight some key projects under construction in the Pacific and Gulf Coast. These projects strengthen our competitive advantage as a strategically located supplier to both Asia and Europe. The beauty of greenfield development is that it unlocks highly compelling brownfield expansion opportunities. We have begun procurement and engineering activities at Port Arthur, Louisiana pipeline, a pipeline connecting Port Arthur LNG to feed gas in Gillis. We've also begun procurement and engineering at Louisiana Storage, a salt dome natural gas storage facility. These assets will contribute to the larger Port Arthur Energy Hub and demonstrate Sempra Infrastructure's expertise in developing comprehensive energy projects. Meanwhile, construction across the Sempra Infrastructure platforms continues to progress well. At Port Arthur LNG Phase 1, the next milestone will be to commence structural steel. At ECA LNG Phase 1, we are targeting 90% completion of structural steel and at the GRO expansion, we have initiated construction and are targeting completion of the construction of the Mexicali segment later this year. To reiterate, Sempra Infrastructure is playing a key role in securing energy needs and contributing to decarbonization efforts for customers around the globe. Please turn to the next slide. Looking further out, we are developing an enviable portfolio of growth projects and this slide showcases some of our more significant pursuits. For a full list of development assets, please refer to the appendix. I would also note that a number of these projects are brownfield investment opportunities made possible by our initial greenfield investments at Cameron and Port Arthur. Please turn to the next slide. To conclude, we have $4.4 billion of capital deployment opportunities anchored on providing our long-term customers with cleaner and secure energy. And as a reminder, this number only includes projects which have reached a positive FID. Major 2024 investment allocations are slotted for the Port Arthur Energy Hub as Phase 1 construction progresses, ECA LNG Phase 1 as we close in on COD, the GRO pipeline expansion project and the Louisiana storage development. Now, please turn to the next slide and let me turn it over to Karen who will take us through the financial update.
Karen Sedgwick : Thank you, Justin. I'm excited to share our year end results and give you more details on our financial plan. Earlier today, Sempra reported Q4 2023 GAAP earnings of $737 million or $1.16 per share. This compares to fourth quarter 2022 GAAP earnings of $438 million or $0.69 per share. On an adjusted basis, fourth quarter 2023 earnings were $719 million or $1.13 per share. This compares to our fourth quarter 2022 earnings of $743 million or $1.17 per share. Full year 2023 GAAP earnings were $3.030 billion or $4.79 per share. This compares to 2022 GAAP earnings of $2.94 billion to or $3.31 per share. On an adjusted basis, full year 2023 earnings were $2,920 million or $4.61 per share. This compares to our previous full year 2022 adjusted earnings of $2,915 million or $4.61 per share. This year's results demonstrate the combined strength of our three growth platforms and sets us up for improved growth in 2024. Please turn to the next slide. Now I will summarize the variance of full year 2023 adjusted earnings compared to the same period for last year. At Sempra California, we had $69 million of higher net interest expense, partially offset by net tax benefits, offset by $51 million of higher electric transmission and CPUC based operating margin and $52 million of higher regulatory interest income and regulatory awards. At Sempra Texas, we had $2 million of higher equity earnings attributable to increased invested capital, partially offset by higher interest and operating expenses. I'd note that earnings in 2022 and 2023 were impacted by the lack of capital trackers that can't be filed during a rate case. At Sempra Infrastructure, we had $85 million of higher earnings attributable to non-controlling interests, $10 million of higher taxes, partially offset by lower interest expense given increased capitalized interest, offset by $49 million of higher transportation tariffs, higher asset supply optimization, partially offset by lower equity earnings from Cameron LNG. For Port Arthur, while our ownership stake is approximately 20%, we consolidate the project for accounting purposes, thus capitalizing interest based on the projects in progress construction. As construction advances, you're seeing the impact of higher capitalized interest versus previous years. Ultimately, these capitalized costs will be amortized back as higher depreciation after the plant moves into commercial operations. At Sempra Parent, there were $15 million of higher investment gains, partially offset by higher net interest expense and lower income tax benefits. Please turn to the next slide. Turning to new investments, as Jeff noted earlier, we're announcing a company record $48 billion capital plan with over 90% of the planned investment allocated to our regulated utilities. This represents an impressive 20% increase over the previous plan and will ultimately serve as a foundation for our company's growth over the coming years. About $24.1 billion or roughly half of the capital plan is marked for investment at Sempra California's 2 utilities, which together have a weighted average ROE of approximately 10.5%. At Sempra Texas, $19.5 billion includes our proportionate share of Oncor's planned CapEx, where recent legislative development should help Oncor reduce regulatory lag and improve its ability to help lessen the gap between the authorized and actual rates of return. The remaining $4.4 billion are primarily associated with Sempra Infrastructure's LNG projects under construction and their associated infrastructure. Please turn to the next slide. With this record capital plan, I would like to illustrate some of the key sources and uses. As you know, Sempra raised equity in November 2023 to support our future investment needs and mitigate the financing risks associated with the capital plan. As a result, we are in a strong financial position and anticipate a reliable internal operating cash flows and regulatory authorized debt will provide the vast majority of our financing needs. We are a growing business while maintaining balance sheet strength, all with the goal of delivering attractive total shareholder returns over the long-term. Along those lines, Sempra will continue to target a 50% to 60% dividend payout ratio, providing plenty of reinvestment flexibility. Please turn to the next slide. Moving to the utilities, our strong earnings trajectory is underpinned by long-term rate base growth. California and Texas rate base is expected to grow with 7% and 11% respectively from 2023 to 2028. Our rate base is split approximately evenly between California and Texas, where we benefit from constructive regulatory jurisdictions and strong macroeconomic growth. On a combined basis, we anticipate just over 9% annual growth through 2028. And this gives us added confidence in achieving our projected 6% to 8% long-term EPS growth rate. Please turn to the next slide. Given the strength of our 2023 results, we've narrowed our 2024 earnings guidance estimates and are now projecting EPS guidance for the year ranging from $4.60 to $4.90. Also, we're announcing 2025 earnings per share guidance with a range of $4.90 to $5.25. This equates to a projected EPS midpoint that's about 7% higher than 2024 guidance. Now, let's break down a few of the assumptions embedded in these figures. At Sempra, California, this already includes the cost of capital trigger. As for the GRC, we're assuming outcomes that are in the range of historical rate case decisions and continue to work constructively with the CPUC and interveners through the proceeding to achieve an outcome that allows us to continue to deliver safe, reliable and sustainable energy for our customers. Turning to Texas, we said in the prior call, the guidance took into effect Oncor's second DCRF. Subject to PUCT approval, the system resiliency plan will apply to 2025 through 2027. And due to timing differences between filing and construction of projects, we'd expect minimal financial impact in 2025. At Sempra Infrastructure, there are a few things to highlight. 2022 and 2023 benefited from an attractive commodity price environment and in 2023 received the cumulative benefit of new tariffs on select Mexico pipelines. Due to the conservative nature of our project development process, we secured rights on the gas pipeline connecting ICA well in advance of COD. This allowed us to better optimize results during this period, but we would expect this impact to moderate as we go forward, particularly with a lower forward curve for natural gas. And now with the magnitude of large projects currently under construction, we have better visibility to certain non-capitalized costs that have now been added to our 2024 plan. And we have ECA LNG Phase 1 expected to come online in the summer of 2025, with full year operations expected in 2026. And finally, regarding the share count, the main driver of the increase is our recent equity offering. As we've discussed, the green shoe of just over 2 million shares settled immediately in November of 2023. Over the course of this year, we're assuming weighted average diluted shares will increase by 4 million which reflects the dividend reinvestment program, equity based plans and the drawdown of our forward settlement, which we now assume will occur in the second half of 2024. Thus 2025 reflects those shares outstanding for the entire year, increasing our share count to approximately 654 million shares. Please turn to the next slide. In addition to our new 5-year plan, we've added this slide in an effort to be more responsive to input from our many investors. Here, it shows the various categories of investments that we're tracking or developing that fall outside of our current plan. It totals over $10 billion and many of these opportunities could form part of our future capital campaign. Please turn to the next slide. You've heard this from our other executives today, but it is important to note that we're excited by the investment opportunities in front of us. We are owners and operators of top tier T&D utility platforms located in North America's largest economies. Moreover, our utilities benefit from constructive regulation that supports significant investment and help ensure safe, reliable, resilient and increasingly sustainable energy for our customers. Over time, our key priorities remain largely the same. We will invest in our high quality T&D infrastructure to improve customer service, maintain a prudent balance sheet and provide compelling returns to shareholders. A record $48 billion capital plan focused on our regulated utilities will be the primary foundation for increasing rate base, growth in earnings power and gives us confidence in achieving our projected long term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%. We thank you for joining us as we continue to build North America's premier energy infrastructure company and we're as enthusiastic as ever about our opportunity to continue delivering attractive risk adjusted returns. I've had the opportunity to meet with many of you over the last month, and I'll be out on the road with the IR team in March and hope to connect with those of you I haven't had a chance to meet yet. With that, I'd now like to open the call for some of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the prepared remarks. We will now open the line to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Constantine Lednev from Guggenheim Partners.
Constantine Lednev: The first one would be on the 2025 earnings growth in California that's pointing to around 5%. How are you currently framing the GRC process into the 2024, 2025 planning assumptions, especially there's some visibility around partial settlement issues in the process?
Jeff Martin: Here's the way I would think about it is, the way we framed our rate cases, we always focus on making investments that are aligned with public policy and to directly support our customers. In terms of assumptions, we take the time to look at prior cases we've been through at the CPUC and then we tend to make reasonable assumptions from a range of potential outcomes. Our challenge is given where we're at in the regulatory process, that's probably all we're prepared to share in terms of assumptions at this time. But you did make a great point, which is just last fall, we've settled with certain interveners about one-third of the rate case for the Southern California Gas Company and about one-third of the case for SDG&E and we do that quite constructively. So we're looking forward to a proposed decision in the second quarter and a final decision in the second half of the year.
Constantine Lednev: And does that imply that you're taking into account any of the settlement into your planning parameters or is that still outbound?
Jeff Martin: No. I wouldn't think about the settlement itself impacting how we think about our assumptions. I just think it views an alignment with some of the interveners around the way we're thinking about meeting the public policy initiatives for the state.
Constantine Lednev: And then maybe shifting to your thoughts on cost of capital process at the CPUC, especially with Phase 2 reply comments posted yesterday and benchmark years or yields are clearly pointing to a sustained increase, but how do you just bookend the assumptions on the 5-year total plan?
Jeff Martin: Yes. Here's the way I would think about it and I will also see if Trevor would like to add something. As you recall, when this issue was first addressed last year, we had indicated to the investment community that we expected the cost of capital mechanism to trigger and had it included in our EPS guidance. And now with the decision last December which we think was fairly clear, it allowed us Constantine to have a little bit more confidence to narrow our 2024 EPS guidance range and as you know that had the benefit of actually raising the midpoint of our guidance for this year. Broadly, I think California continues to be a very constructive regulatory jurisdiction. I always point to the fact that we have forward-looking rate cases here, reasonable returns on equity to attract the capital that's needed, a strong framework is actually quite unique for addressing climate related event risk. And finally, more and more people are starting to understand and value the cost of capital mechanism that accounts for market conditions. But Trevor, would you like to add anything in terms of the cost of capital?
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, Jeff. No, I think you largely covered it. I would just add that I think we are really in good shape here on this. And I think the Energy Division's disposition letter was pretty clear on this. So again, we feel we're in good shape.
Constantine Lednev: And so just one quick follow-up, again, embedded within kind of that ROE outcome. Do you have any O&M kind of funding or system reinvestment embedded in plan?
Jeff Martin: Help me understand your question again, please.
Constantine Lednev: Just with the tailwinds from the ROE outcome, are you embedding any reinvestment in O&M from that tailwind going into '24?
Jeff Martin: The way I would think about it is when we put our plan together which was all part of the current rate case, so the 2024 plan would be impacted by how the outcome of the rate case is. And when we think about '24 and '25, we had to take a reasonable set of assumptions based upon prior cases and that's embedded in our forecast.
Operator: And our next question will come from Nick Campanella from Barclays.
Nick Campanella: So I guess just you're going to file this SRP. It sounds like CapEx is biased yet again higher on the other side of that, probably a second half event, but just how are you kind of describing your capital needs and how you would fund increased CapEx, equity debt, etcetera?
Jeff Martin: Yes. I will start, Nick, by reminding everyone. On our Q3 call last year we shared our expectation that our capital plan would go up between 10% and 20%. And in that same month, you'll recall that we sized our equity offering of roughly $1.3 billion to support our future financing needs. Slide 33, Nick, goes through kind of the sources and uses and picks up last fall's equity issuance and the ongoing DRIP. I think to your point, the key takeaway for us is we're in great shape. Together with our operating cash flows and net debt, we're in a very strong position to comfortably support our new capital program without the need for any additional equity.
Nick Campanella: And then I'm sorry, but just on top of as you raise CapEx, I think again, if this SRP filing is not included in the current CapEx plan, is there an incremental funding need on top of that and just how to think about that? Is there capacity, I guess, to raise additional CapEx without equity here? Should we just kind of be doing some equity going forward? Sorry about that, Craig.
Jeff Martin: No. When we sized our equity needs last fall, we made sure that we did that with a margin around what we were trying to accomplish in terms of financing our future growth. So, we have the capability of funding growth beyond $48 billion without raising additional equity. The challenge you get into is when you look at the slide that we've provided, it shows other opportunities. There's an additional $10 billion out there. So it's not just SRP, we've got other projects which are coming down the pipe. But I think the great news is we've got a record capital plan. That capital plan is roughly $3 billion larger than our current market capitalization and we were thoughtful last fall to take the equity overhang off of our stock and make sure that we had a margin of error to fully fund our capital plan with additional growth.
Nick Campanella: And then, I guess just turning to the Sempra Infrastructure earnings guidance. Absolutely appreciate there's a step up 2024 versus '25 because of ECA. Are you assuming just kind of like a midyear COD there? And just I'm just trying to get a sense of what the normalized run rate for ECA is when that kind of comes online, if you could isolate that. And are there any other kind of drivers to point to in terms of the strength for '25 versus '24?
Jeff Martin: Yes. I would just give you two things to focus on and Karen you can add if you like to. But what I would mention is you're going to see a little bit higher development expense is not capitalized in 2024, and I would use a half year convention for 2025. And that's the best way to think about your going forward run rate?
Karen Sedgwick: Yes. And I would just add that, as you would expect, financial projections include the incremental revenues associated with the SPA contracts, the commissioning volumes recognized after substantial completion of the facility and the contributions from the GRO pipeline. So bringing on the first phase of the Pacific Coast LNG facility is really an exciting opportunity and differentiates Sempra Infrastructure with a dual coast business model that will serve global energy demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: Wondering if you could maybe elaborate a little bit on the value engineering timeframe on Cameron. I'm curious if there's any way you could bracket how long you've extended that process for?
Jeff Martin: Yes. So what might be helpful here, David, is if you could, Justin, do two things if you've got a moment? Go ahead and talk about, if you would, just a brief update on the construction at both ECA and Port Arthur and then come back to the development question he's asking specifically how we're trying to create additional value around the Cameron opportunity.
Justin Bird: We're excited to share that on ECA Phase 1 and Port Arthur Phase 1, we're seeing both projects remain on track for construction. ECA Phase 1 for COD in the summer of 2025 and for Port Arthur Train 1, 2027 and Train 2 in 2028. Moving along to the development projects, you recall that as part of our commitment to deliver superior risk adjusted returns, I always talk about the reverse Field of Dreams model, which is when they come, I'll build it. Along those same lines, I always say that we'll only move forward with our projects when we have the right cost and risk structure and long-term contracted cash flows that support a strong return for our shareholders. So going to the heart of your question David, on Phase 2, we're seeing significant commercial demand for low cost brownfield LNG assets, particularly those that have permits in hand. And we believe that Cameron will be one of the most technologically advanced LNG facilities in the world and have one of the lowest emission profiles. As we've shifted to electric drives, we're working on a green power tariff and we'll have carbon sequestration. As you recall, it's fully permitted and we're working toward an FID. The four work streams that always talk about continue to make progress, but we still have some work to be done. So our current efforts with respect to the Cameron Partners are focused on optimizing costs and ensuring maximum value for the project. And for example, we're exploring procurement or reservation of long lead and critical path equipment. We are anticipating taking an FID on Cameron 2 as early as the first half of next year. So that's the first half of 2025. Shifting to Port Arthur, we received our FERC permit last September and are now awaiting the DOE non-FTA export permit. We're continuing to work with Bechtel on an EPC agreement that can optimize efficiencies with the Phase 1 construction schedule. And we're continuing our marketing efforts for offtake and equity and having financing discussions with potential lenders. We also have our other Pacific Coast LNG opportunities Phase 2 at ECA and Vista Pacifico. Both of these are in the early stages of development, but we see clear opportunities and excitement around these projects. So just as a reminder, per our planning convention, none of these projects have yet received positive FID. They're not included in our plan and represent upside to the plan and future earnings.
Jeff Martin: So David, I would just conclude that with that additional work in terms of securing long lead time items and additional value engineering, we're focusing on trying to take FID on that project in the first half of next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Carly Davenport from Goldman Sachs.
Carly Davenport: Maybe just to start, as we think about the 5-year capital plan increasing by the 20%, you've reiterated the long-term growth rate of the 6% to 8%. But just curious, given the magnitude of that increase. How we should thing about the rate base and earnings growth relative that range over the current period?
Jeff Martin: Well, it's interesting you asked that. The rate base growth across both of our utilities will be approximately 10%, which is a little bit stronger than we forecasted a year ago. At the end of the planning period, those two platforms will have $78 billion of rate base and we really view that really as the focus of the capital plan. As we indicated, it captures over 90% of that $48 billion. What is of note is that there's an $8 billion increase over the prior plan and over half of that, Carly, comes from the growth that we're seeing in Texas, which is really the strongest part of our story. But we continue to think that the most important thing is we have been messaged at around a 6% to 8% growth rate for several years now. I think this type of visibility causes us to have additional confidence in that number. And one of the things I think that you and I have discussed before, if you look at Slide 10, at the last 5 or 6 years or go back over 10 years or 15 or 20, Sempra is one of those few companies that's been able to perform earnings per share growth in that 7% to 10% range over long periods of time. Now we're certainly forecasting the 6% to 8% on a go forward basis. But the key takeaway from this plan is we have a lot of confidence in our ability to deliver that. I think as you've noted in your prior research, I've often indicated that I would be disappointed if we don't outperform the high end of that range.
Carly Davenport: And then maybe just to follow-up on Texas. I think you mentioned in the slides planning for 2% annual premise growth. Do you think that could be conservative just based on what you've seen recently and the different growth opportunities that you've seen in Texas?
Jeff Martin: Yes. I mentioned that over half of our planning increase came from Texas and I wouldn't mind having Allen walk us through where the system, where the growth is showing up. The story in Texas, I think, which is quite unique, is not just, it's the diversity of the growth in Texas, not just on the premise side, and it's also the amount of it Carly that's allocated to transmission. I don't think there's another growth story in the United States that is majority of CapEx is related to transmission. And the reason that's important is Allen's team has the lowest transmission distribution bills in the state and transmission projects because it benefits all ratepayers in the state, gets socialized across all the different jurisdictions. But Allen, to Carly's point, maybe you could talk about premise growth more broadly, the growth that showed up on the system.
Allen Nye: Yes, sure. Thanks, Jeff. And hey, Carly. Really interesting question given what we're seeing on our system. And as Jeff said and as I said in my opening remarks, we continue to see really very strong record breaking growth across our system. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, premise growth remains very strong 73,000 last year, 14% increase year-over-year. From a transmission perspective, transmission points of interconnection, very large customers connecting a transmission voltage. We set New Year end records for new and active points of interconnection '23. Total interconnections are up 25% year-over-year. New interconnections are up 19% year-over-year. And then we always break it down into retail and generation. Retail is up 13%, but I want to pause there on the 13%. So we go from 250 at the end of '22 to 282 at the end of '23. But something to Jeff's point that's significant about our growth is not only the numbers but kind of the magnitude and the diversity of the customers. And so in these retail numbers of the 282 retail point of interconnection request we presently have, 46 of those are between 300 megawatts and 2,600 megawatts individually in size. We actually have about 28 that are between 300 and 600 megawatts a piece and we have about 18 that are between 602.6 gigs. So very long, very strong growth numerically just in the increase of the numbers, but also what we're seeing is the size of the customers. On the generation interconnection side, we see an increase of 34% year-over-year. West Texas, we always talk about West Texas continues to be a very strong story for us with the far West Texas weather zone peak increasing by 16.6% year-over-year. The 2 transmission circuits or rather loops that we use to serve that part of the state. The Culberson loop saw a peak that was almost 18% above the prior year's peak and Stanton increased about just under 24%. So really, really incredibly strong growth across our system. Breakdown of CapEx, Jeff? Breakdown of our $24.2 billion it's on Slide 48 of the appendix. Just to break it down a little further, we've got about $5.1 billion in distribution expansion, about $13.5 million in transmission expansion, which is a point Jeff made moments ago. About $4.2 billion in maintenance capital and then about $1.4 billion in tech. And I think to Jeff's point, three things here just to conclude. One, 70%, a little over 70% actually of all this CapEx is pure growth capital. About 97% of this 5-year plan is subject to recovery through our trackers. And then to Jeff's point specifically, a little over 60% of all this capital we're talking about is transmission, which obviously benefits everyone in the state and therefore is spread across the state evenly, which helps us both to grow capital as well as the fact the heavy emphasis on transmission really allows us to stay where we want to be, which is among the low cost providers in the state.
Operator: We now have time for one more question, and it will be from Ryan Levine from Citi.
Ryan Levine: Two questions. One on transmission in the prepared remarks, as mentioned, we should expect an update in late April for your project or the project that you're pursuing. Should we expect an outcome there or just further update as there's a range of potential scenarios that could play out in the coming weeks?
Jeff Martin: Thank you for that question, Ryan. I'll let Trevor respond.
Trevor Mihalik: Sure, Jeff. Hey, Ryan. Yes, I think we'll get a decision as to who's going to get selected in late April and then there's 120 days for negotiations to happen for a final outcome. So I would say expect something over the next 4 months.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then on LNG, appreciate the clarification around the non FDA permanent extension with new applications. In terms of non FDA permanent extensions, is there a historic timeline around how long that typically takes? And does the pause for new applications potentially accelerate the timeline for extensions as there's allocation of resource issues?
Jeff Martin: No. We have used the extension process for different projects in the past and I would say there's not a standard time line for that. I think we were just pleased to see the DOE confirm that it was a separate process for extensions rather than for new filings. The filing that we've made for Port Arthur Phase 2 is pending. We just have to wait through this process of the pause. But I think one of the points, Ryan, that Justin made in his discussion was we have a whole series of development milestones that we're pursuing for Port Arthur Phase 2. We think it's a very attractive, commercially viable project. I think those milestones, we've worked through concurrently with the ultimate permitting process. So whether it ends up being a delay for the project or it's actually completed consistent with the time line for other milestones remains to be seen.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Jeff Martin for any additional closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: I wanted to briefly thank everyone for joining us today. I know there were several competing calls and even conferences this morning, so we appreciate everyone making the time to join us. If there are any follow-up items, please reach out to our IR team with any questions. Thank you again, and this concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-03 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Sempra's Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn it over to Glen Donovan. Please go ahead.
Glen Donovan: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra's third quarter 2023 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation are available on our website under our Events and Presentations section. We have several members of our management team with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Kevin Sagara, Executive Vice President and Group President; Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; and other members of our senior management team. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. Please note that all share per share amounts reflect the 2-for-1 split of our common stock in the form of 100% stock dividend that we announced on the second quarter call and distributed in August. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only of today, November 3, 2023, and it's important to note that the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thank you all for joining us today. We're pleased with the strength of our third quarter results, which sets the stage for our Company's continued growth. Given current geopolitical tensions, countries around the world are looking to ensure they are not dependent on supply chains that are subject to disruption and uncertainty. Increasingly, they want to source essential goods, whether food, liquefied natural gas, or microchips closer to home or from dependable allies. With this trend toward deglobalization, we see North America as one of the principal beneficiaries. We also believe these trends support important new growth in Mexico, where in the first half of 2023, foreign direct investment has risen sharply by approximately 40% over the prior year comparable period. Just this year, Mexico has also surpassed China as America's largest trading partner. As these trends continue, new higher levels of investment in North America's energy grid will be critical to supporting continued economic expansion. That's why at Sempra, we're really excited about our mission to build this continent's premier energy infrastructure company. As part of that mission, we focus significant time and effort on building a high-performing culture where we invest for the long-term in our business and our employees. And in combination, this has helped us achieve strong financial and operating results. Our strategy focuses on what we believe are the most attractive markets in North America with strong economic growth and constructive regulation. Combined with capital discipline, this positions Sempra to deliver competitive long-term returns for our owners. Also, our business is expected to benefit from secular tailwinds that support our five-year capital plan of approximately $40 billion. You will recall I've spoken before about the opportunities that lie ahead for Oncor and the possibility of doubling their rate base over the next five to six years. While we're still early in our fall planning process, we expect to increase our $40 billion capital plan by 10% to 20% when we update our five-year plan on our fourth quarter call. This increase is expected to be anchored by regulated utility investments and primarily driven by Oncor. Overall, we continue to see significant growth in multiple areas of Oncor service territory. And with Allen here today, he will speak to some of those opportunities later on today's call. Turning to the quarter, we believe our results demonstrate the strength of our business and our ability to continue producing strong earnings growth. Earlier today, we reported third quarter 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $1.08 and year-to-date 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $3.48. Given our year-to-date success, we're expecting to be at or above the high end of our 2023 adjusted EPS guidance range and we're affirming our 2024 EPS guidance range and projected long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%. Finally, let me take a moment to speak about Kevin Sagara, who will be retiring next month after nearly 30 years of service at Sempra and its predecessor companies. Kevin was instrumental in the 1998 transaction that originally formed Sempra when the parent companies of SDG&E and SoCalGas merged. He has held many leadership positions across our companies, including CEO of Sempra Renewables, CEO of San Diego Gas & Electric, as well as his recent role as Group President over our California Utilities. He's had a really amazing career here and made significant contributions to our success and will be greatly missed. Now let me turn the call over to Allen Nye, who will take us through business developments in Texas.
Allen Nye: Thank you, Jeff. Today I would like to highlight our strong operational performance this quarter and speak to the recent legislation that we believe will improve our ability to provide high quality service to customers and deliver improved financial performance. I'll then finish by highlighting some of the underlying growth drivers at Oncor. Despite record heat throughout the third quarter, the Oncor team performed exceptionally well, and I would like to thank them for working safely in extremely difficult conditions. As a result of our team's efforts, reliability continued to be strong, with average outage duration improving by 9% over the last 12 months. Turning to the continuation of the Texas Miracle, Oncor is one of the nation's largest pure play T&D utilities, operating in one of the fastest growing states. With over 30 million people, Texas’ GDP is approximately $2 trillion, which makes it the eighth largest economy in the world. Texas annual GDP grew at 3.4% last year, well above the U.S. average of 2.1%. Our pro-business climate is well documented and has driven diversified job creation across many sectors of the economy. Oncor serves four of the top 15 fastest growing cities in America, with premise growth of approximately 2% annually expected in our service territory. The population of the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex is larger than most states, and in each of the last two years added more people than any other U.S. metropolitan area. This growth has certainly impacted the demand for electricity. This past summer, ten peak demand records were set in the ERCOT region, culminating in an 85 gigawatt peak, which is 16% higher than the peak just five years ago. This growth also continues to fuel significant expansion of our system. In the third quarter, Oncor connected around 20,000 additional premises, built, rebuilt or upgraded approximately 630 miles of T&D lines, and managed 755 active transmission interconnection requests, a 34% increase over last year. Specifically, retail interconnection requests have increased about 90% since the end of Q3 last year, which will be a major driver in our capital budget. Turning to the recently completed Texas legislative session, several bills were passed that give utilities better tools to support the growth of the state and improve resiliency of the grid. As we discussed on the second quarter call, HB 2555 provides a new opportunity for Oncor to develop a forward-looking plan to invest in the resiliency of our system. The PUCT rulemaking associated with this legislation is currently underway, and we expect it to be finalized in the fourth quarter of this year. We are targeting the first quarter of 2024 to file our first system resiliency plan, or SRP, with the Public Utility Commission. HB 2555 provides for a six-month timeline for review and approval of the SRP. While much work remains to implement this legislation, we are optimistic that it will provide needed hardening, modernization and risk mitigation to our T&D grid for the benefit of our customers, while improving the earnings and cash flow needed to support these investments in the future. Additionally, you'll remember Oncor is now also able to file two distribution cost trackers each year, as opposed to just one. Thanks to SB 1015. In September, Oncor submitted its second DCRF tracker for investments made in the first half of the year. SB 1015 accelerated DCRF approval timelines to 60 to 75 days, matching the efficient interim TCOS process that has worked well for two decades. As we said last quarter, we expect the addition of the second DCRF filing to improve Oncor’s earnings by approximately $70 million to $90 million annually. Oncor is actively evaluating our five-year capital plan to reflect the continued growth across Oncor service territory and the impacts of new legislation. After reviewing with our board, we expect to announce an update as part of Sempra’s fourth quarter earnings call. Please turn to the next slide. This slide demonstrates the diversity of our service territory, both geographically and by customer type, which propels Oncor’s expected higher capital plan. As you can see, growth is driven by a broad group of industries, including manufacturing, oil and gas, professional services and large data centers arising not only in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex but in North, Central and West Texas. Notably, the Permian Basin continues to be one of the premier energy producing regions in the world and is undergoing a major electrification effort. The load demand in this region is projected to increase from 4.2 gigawatts to roughly 17.2 gigawatts over the next decade. Please turn to the next slide, while I will hand the call to Trevor to review business updates at Sempra California and Sempra Infrastructure as well as Sempra's detailed financial results.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Allen. Starting in California, it's worth reminding everyone that during the third quarter, Southern California experienced a rare tropical storm and I’m pleased to say that both SDG&E and SoCalGas Systems remained resilient and operational. We believe delivering energy under these circumstances validates the important work our teams have accomplished in continuing to improve system safety and reliability. Over the past several decades, PA Consulting has published reliability rankings for American Utilities, and SDG&E was recently awarded the number one ranking of best in the West for the 18th year in a row. They also received the National Grid Sustainability Award. This award is presented to a leading American utility, demonstrating excellence and reliable service to its customers, including the application of clean energy technology and investment in the grid. In combination, these awards are a great credit to Caroline Winn and the entire SDG&E team. One key consideration in supporting the energy transition is the ability to store and discharge excess power. With more renewable energy, storage and dispatchable resources are critical for maintaining the stability of the grid even during extreme weather events. That's why, in the third quarter, SDG&E requested approval for another 160 megawatts of utility-owned energy storage assets. This is in addition to the 171 megawatts of recently commissioned assets that we discussed on our second quarter call. If approved, this would bring SDG&E's energy storage portfolio to over 500 megawatts in support of their ability to deliver safer, cleaner and more reliable energy to its customers. Importantly, as SDG&E integrates innovative technologies, such as utility-owned storage to help meet its good reliability and clean energy goals, we're also pursuing federal investment tax credits, which could result in an estimated $215 million in savings. The potential savings would be passed on to customers and included in the calculation to establish rates beginning in January 2025 as part of the company's continued efforts to drive a series of cost savings initiatives to improve the affordability of its services. Last quarter, we updated you on the approval of Cal ISO's transmission plan and the recent assignment to us of $500 million of new projects in our service territory. Also, SDG&E submitted bid materials for Cal ISO's FERC 1000 solicitation, and we expect to be quite competitive as part of that process. As you know, transmission assets deliver benefits integrating increasing amounts of clean energy to the broader state of California, and as such, these costs are spread across the state. Recently, the CPUC approved an increase in the authorized working gas storage capacity at Aliso Canyon. The CPUC recognized the importance of the facility to help improve grid reliability and customer affordability. The additional gas storage capacity is also expected to help mitigate potential price volatility. Additionally, in the third quarter, Governor Newsom directed the formation of California's hydrogen market development strategy, which will employ an all of government approach to lay out pathways for building a robust hydrogen market in the state. We're excited to see the innovative ways that hydrogen may be used to help decarbonize California's economy. On the federal side, the U.S. Department of Energy awarded up to $1.2 billion of funding for our regional clean hydrogen hub in California. SoCalGas is proud to be a partner in ARCHES, the statewide public private partnership sponsoring this application. The DOE’s Award demonstrates support for the valuable role hydrogen could play in decarbonization while striving to ensure safety, affordability and resiliency. California recently passed into law SB 410, supporting investments for further decarbonization and electrification of the energy system. As electrification continues to become a larger part of the state’s strategy to achieve its climate goals, demand on the electric grid will also increase, meaning utilities will need to proactively plan and build distribution grid upgrades to meet customer needs. Similar to some of the Texas legislative updates that Allen described, SB 410 is California’s recognition of the need to utilize existing regulatory mechanisms, such as balancing accounts to support customer needs in between GRC cycles and help California’s utility make critical new investments to keep pace with the state’s expanding economy and decarbonization goals. I’d like to provide a brief update on the GRC process. Our applications are centered around safety, reliability, and the delivery of increasingly clean forms of energy. We recently filed a few settlement agreements with various interveners, including Cal Advocates, small business utility advocates, TURN and UCAN. While there remains input from other interveners and ultimately approval by the CPUC as part of the final decision in the GRC, we believe this is a constructive step in the process. We continue to expect a proposed decision in the second quarter of 2024 with rates retroactive to the beginning of that year. As a final note, most of you already are aware that the cost of capital mechanism triggered, and both SDG&E and SoCalGas filed advice letters, which are pending commission approval. These applications are expected to increase ROEs by approximately 70 basis points beginning January 1, 2024. We believe this adjustment should be approved by the commission as part of the established mechanism and is one of the key components that supports California’s constructive regulatory environment. We believe California’s regulatory framework is quite constructive relative to other jurisdictions given its forward-looking rates, attractive ROEs, cost of capital adjustment mechanism, and advanced framework for handling climate related event risks. With California’s continued economic growth and constructive regulatory framework, we believe our utilities are well-positioned to continue improving their service to customers while supporting overall system growth and resiliency. Please turn to the next slide. Turning to Sempra Infrastructure. We’ve reached several key milestones in the quarter. At Port Arthur LNG Phase 1, we completed the previously announced sale of a 42% indirect non-controlling interest in the project KKR and recently, Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 received a permit from FERC, a critical milestone in the project’s development. Now that FERC has issued its approval, the DOE is able to consider the environmental review associated with our non-FDA application. Marketing of Phase 2’s off-take continues to build momentum as we see volumes coalesce in the market around projects that have the highest potential of commercial development. Phase 2 is also expected to add two additional liquefaction trains capable of producing an incremental 13 Mtpa, which would effectively double the total capacity of Port Arthur. In its entirety, the Port Arthur energy hub showcases the expertise and value that Sempra Infrastructure’s integrated capabilities bring to project development. Earlier this year, in March, Cameron LNG Phase 2 received approval for its FERC order. Sempra Infrastructure and its partners at Cameron LNG continue to develop a fourth liquefaction train. We have now begun working with Bechtel to perform value engineering to reduce construction risks and project costs. We expect this process will continue through the end of the year. Sempra Infrastructure’s mission is to provide energy for a better world through its high growth, low carbon platform. We’re excited about collaborating with Mitsubishi Corporation and a consortium of Japanese natural gas utility companies to explore the development and export of e-natural gas, which is synthesized from captured CO2 by combining it with green hydrogen. Together, the stakeholders intend to evaluate a Gulf Coast project with a view towards producing approximately 130,000 tons of e-natural gas annually that would be liquefied and exported from the Cameron LNG terminal. Wrapping up on Sempra Infrastructure. The overall scale of our portfolio positions us to capture additional growth opportunities, create new synergies, and support the growth of top tier projects, as demonstrated by the Port Arthur Energy Hub, currently under construction and development. As Jeff mentioned earlier, we believe North America's energy markets will continue to be driven by the trends of decarbonization, energy security and reshoring of manufacturing back to North America. Sempra Infrastructure remains well positioned to contribute to and capitalize on such opportunities. Please turn to the next slide. Turning to our financial results, earlier this morning, we reported third quarter 2023 GAAP earnings of $721 million or $1.14 per share. This compares to third quarter 2022 GAAP earnings of $485 million or $0.77 per share. On an adjusted basis, third quarter 2023 earnings were $685 million, or $1.08 per share. This compares to our third quarter 2022 earnings of $622 million, or $0.98 per share. Please turn to the next slide. The variance in the third quarter 2023 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year can be summarized by the following. At Sempra California, $27 million of lower income tax benefits and higher net interest expense offset by $27 million of higher electric transmission and CPUC base operating margin at SDG&E, net of lower authorized cost of capital and higher regulatory interest income at SDG&E and SoCalGas. At Sempra Texas, $49 million of higher equity earnings from weather driven consumption, new base rates and customer growth. At Sempra Infrastructure, $21 million of lower net interest expense due to higher capitalization of interest on projects under construction, $16 million, primarily driven from higher transportation tariffs. At Sempra Parent, there were $23 million of higher costs, primarily driven by increased interest expense, partially offset by a net income tax benefit. Given the geographic and regulatory overlays between the two companies, we are currently considering resegmentation in which our SDG&E and SoCalGas segments would be combined into one reportable segment, Sempra California. We intend to complete our analysis in the fourth quarter of 2023 and assuming a positive determination is made, we would implement the resegmentation in our annual 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2023. Please turn to the next slide. We are pleased with the strength of our third quarter results and the positive message it conveys about Sempra's business quality and the robust growth we are seeing across all three platforms. Before I close, let me briefly touch base on the balance sheet. Debt is a core component of our capital structure, and over the past three years, we've taken important steps to transition to lower rate, longer duration, fixed rate debt. We have been prudent with our balance sheet management by using proceeds from the non-controlling interest sales to KKR in 2021 and ADIA in 2022 to repay short-term debt and limit near-term parent debt maturities. In fact, at the parent level, if interest rates increase by another 50 basis points, we would project a negligible impact to EPS between now and 2027. Please refer to Slide 14 in the appendix for additional information. Looking forward, we remain focused on identifying and executing on sound capital investment opportunities. We are continuing to optimize our financing plan to support the growth we highlighted today and will evaluate all of our financing options, including the use of common equity to support accretive growth. Throughout our history, Sempra has demonstrated operational excellence, strong financial stewardship, meaningful earnings growth, and a commitment to return capital to our shareholders. We would now like to open the line up and take some of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the prepared remarks. We will now open the line to take your questions. We have time today to take several of your questions. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys.
Jeff Martin: Hey, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, Jeff. I know Trevor just kind of answered the question a little bit here. But on the 10% to 20% CapEx, I mean, that’s obviously significant financing needs that will come with that. And you guys have different levers, right? You’ve been able to kind of minimize that external equity. You’ve recapitalized at SIP. You’ve had obviously some unlocking of debt capacity. I guess, I’m just kind of curious on, can you just elaborate on just Trevor’s comments a little bit around the source of funding this 10% to 20%? Does it need to come from straight equity or can you utilize what you’ve utilized in the past? Thanks.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Thank you for the question, Shar. And look, I think we would look to all those levers, but Trevor, since you spoke about this in the prepared remarks, why don’t you provide some additional color please?
Trevor Mihalik: Yes. Sure, Shar. Again – how you doing, Shar? We’re pretty excited about the investment opportunities and that’s really kind of what we had mentioned on this call. And that’s really kind of coming from the regulated utilities and that’s really around continuing to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers. So that 10% to 20% increase over the five year capital plan, we will discuss in more detail on the year end call. But we do understand just how important the financing is on this. So we’re continuing to analyze the expected capital needs and we are currently looking at efficient ways to finance this growth. And as we always have, as Jeff said, we will look at all of the options, but we will include common equity as part of that consideration.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Thanks for that, Trevor. And obviously depreciate sort of that early update around the CapEx plan. Obviously, you’re highlighting that 10% to 20% is purely on the regulated side, which is good. It is a bit of a wide range. So I guess, what could dictate 10% versus 20% since it’s already kind of skewed what you already know, which is Texas and California. And the CapEx update would predate the California GRC final order. So is that also a potential tailwind or is that captured on that 10% to 20%? Thanks, guys.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Shar. The way I would think about it is, we just had – Trevor and I just had our Oncor Board meeting just two weeks ago. They’re going through their planning process. And what’s different this year relative to prior years is we’ve aligned our financial planning process here at Sempra with the work that Allen and Don do in Dallas. And as we’ve been going through that process, we’ll make some final decisions with the Oncor Board later this year and look to kind of report kind of a comprehensive view on our capital in February. The good news is we’ve seen enough direction about where the capital plan is going to provide that 10% to 20% guidance. So, look, I was thinking about this before. If you go all the way back to the early 2018 time frame, we had roughly a $14 billion five year capital plan. And right now we’re executing on one that’s close to $40 billion. And we’re expecting that to go up quite significantly between now and February. So we’ve been on a pretty big growth campaign over the last three to five years, and we’re pleased that it’s continued. What we can guide you to is it will be anchored to utility investments and specifically led by Texas.
Shar Pourreza: Just lastly for me, Jeff. Appreciate it. I have to ask this IP question.
Jeff Martin: Sure.
Shar Pourreza: Just, I guess, can you just talk about the impacts of that development pipeline? The fuel terminal moved from 4Q to the first half of 2024, Port Arthur, pipes and storage expansion are moving into the construction phase. ECA Regas contract is expiring, which would allow for ECA 2 in the mix. Are these developments, just so we understand, are they net accretive to that 6% to 8% growth rate you talk about? Thanks.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I’ll make a couple of comments and I’ll pass it to Justin. I would start by saying that we’re at this point in the planning process where we’re not going to go into details about what’s in the plan or outside the plan. What’s more important to us is our LNG strategy, which you’re referring to is moving forward briskly, primarily because as compared to our peers, we have the opportunity to both dispatch LNG directly into the Pacific and out of the Gulf. I would update you, Shar, that Cameron Phase 1 is producing in excess of 100% of its expected volumes. Both ECA Phase 1 and Port Arthur Phase 1 are in construction and moving forward on schedule with a great safety record. And I think what might be helpful to your question is for Justin. Maybe do two things, Justin, if you would, talk about the development status of Cameron LNG Phase 2, Port Arthur Phase 2, and then speak directly, if you don’t mind, both to the Louisiana connector as well as the storage facility.
Justin Bird: Great. Thanks, Jeff. Hi, Shar. We’re excited about the progress we’re seeing at SI across our development projects. As Jeff mentioned at Port Arthur Phase 2, we recently received our FERC approval we think this is a major milestone that adds to the commercial momentum that we’re seeing. We’re continuing to advance commercial discussions with potential customers, again many of whom are also interested in project equity. And at the same time, we’re advancing engineering and construction, regulatory and financing. At Cameron Phase 2, we’re working with Bechtel on value engineering. And similar to what we did at Port Arthur, we and our partners are continuing to conduct that exercise and expect that work to go through the end of the year. The goal is to optimize the design and reduce the construction cost and project risk. As we previously mentioned, these efforts should position us well to make a final investment decision in 2024, subject to definitive commercial arrangements, project financing, and any needed regulatory extensions. On the PA pipeline and the LA storage that you talked about, look, you recall in the last call we talked about the value of the Port Arthur energy hub. Both Port Arthur pipeline and LA storage are key components of that facility and really support the operations of Port Arthur LNG Phase 1, Port Arthur pipeline, I sometimes call it the Louisiana Connector, has access to the liquid supply hub at Gillis and has the capacity to deliver slightly over 2 Bcf a day of gas to Port Arthur Phase 1. LA storage is 12.5Bcf. It’s a high turn salt dome storage facility, and it also supports the gas supply strategy for Port Arthur Phase 1, and importantly, future phases. Both Port Arthur pipeline and LA Storage have begun the procurement and engineering process and importantly, we anticipate both to be online in advance of Port Arthur Phase 1. I think the key takeaway is that we continue to make significant progress at SI on our LNG strategy and the associated development, and we’re bullish on both Brownfield projects progressing in the next year. It’s an exciting time to be in the LNG space and that we think our projects are well positioned to support our customers.
Shar Pourreza: Thank you, Justin.
Justin Bird: Thank you, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: A couple days. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. Our next question will come from Carly Davenport from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Hi, Carly.
Carly Davenport: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe to start, just as you think about the drivers for potential CapEx upside you mentioned, I think at Encore, new retail connections, being a key driver there, are there any other factors that you’d point to as big contributors to that potential upside on the capital spend?
Jeff Martin: I think, one of the most important things we’re tracking right now, Carly, is making sure that we have a successful execution of our general rate case here in California that continues to go well. We’ve got a track record of working well with all stakeholders to get to good outcomes for our rate payers. So that’s one that we’re following. We’ve obviously got several things that Justin just went over in terms of development opportunities related to Port Arthur Phase 2 and Cameron Phase 2, both of those are significant opportunities for our company. And I think Justin and his team have a fair amount of momentum on both of those projects. And what might be helpful to you is to give a little bit color about some of the drivers, specifically in Texas, having spent more time out there. It is really quite remarkable. I’ve been in the business for almost three decades, and it’s quite remarkable the type of growth and how diversified the growth is in Texas. And maybe if we could, Allen, if you could provide a little bit more color about where some of the growth is coming from and why it’s impacting your capital plan so strongly.
Allen Nye: Yes, you bet, Jeff. Thank you. And thanks for the question, Carly. As Jeff said, our growth in Encore continues to be just very strong across the board. And I know I mentioned some of this in my opening remarks as well as in our press release, but just for example, premise growth for this quarter versus last quarter or versus same quarter last year up 43%. Total transmission points of interconnection are up 34% versus the same quarter last year. New requests for transmission points of interconnection are up 34%. Retail points of interconnection totals are up 28%. Generation points of interconnection up 38%. So really strong premise growth. Really strong growth on our transmission system for transmission POIs. And then, as I alluded to earlier in my remarks, West Texas continues to perform very, very well. Far West Texas weather zone peak increase of 16.6% over the 2022 peak. And then really strong growth on both our Culberson loop and our Stanton loop, with Culberson up 16.5% and Stanton up over 23% – about 23.5%. Really strong developments in our economic development area. New projects up 21%, RFIs up 21%. So really just strong growth everywhere across our system, as I think is shown on Slide 6 of the deck. The real diversity of our growth, not only from an industry perspective, but from a geographic perspective as well. And that growth is what has been a consistent driver for our CapEx plan ever since we announced the $7.5 billion over five-year regulatory commitment, when we announced a simpler transaction all the way through till where we are now at 19.2 [ph] over five. And we expect that trend to continue as we work with our Board. We met in October, began discussing with our Board our CapEx plan, our five-year plan, and what we need for next year. As Jeff said, we're going to announce that on the fourth quarter call with the other Sempra companies. But we expect that it will be a significant increase if we continue to see what we're seeing right now on our system. And we also expect there'll be some additional opportunities related to House Bill 2555, the resiliency bill. So we feel very good about where we are with our CapEx plan right now going into these additional meetings with our Board and we'll be announcing later. Lastly, I just have to say, and I know I said it earlier, but we're really pleased that we've been able to navigate this really exceptional period of growth while maintaining our operational excellence. And I think the example of that is the fact that our customers are seeing seven fewer minutes of outages than they did in the prior year, an improvement of about 9%. And also our employees have been doing an excellent job of staying safe. So all credit to them. But, Jeff, that's kind of where we are in those issues.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Allen.
Carly Davenport: Great. Thanks, Allen. Thanks, Jeff, for that color. Great to hear. And then the follow-up was just around the CCM trigger. Could you just remind us kind of the next steps in that process? And then as you think about your earnings expectations for next year, do you embed that 70 basis point improvement in ROE or could there be potential upside there?
Jeff Martin: Thank you for the question, Carly. I know that PG&E spoke to this on their call last week and Edison spoke to it earlier this week. And the way we think about it is the cost of capital mechanism was put in place for situations in our view, when the capital markets move outside the deadband. And with the rising rates that we've all seen, that's what we've seen over the last year. Based on the methodology that's used in California, the cost of capital mechanism has triggered. And accordingly, Carly, we have filed our advice letters last month with the resulting change to rates. You may have seen yesterday, interveners filed their joint filing and we'll make our reply next week. But from our perspective, at the end of the day, we fully anticipate the commission will support the existing adjustment mechanism that's in place. And in terms of 2024 guidance, we reaffirmed that today. We've taken this question before and we've said that whether it goes forward or doesn't go forward, it's within the range that we published.
Carly Davenport: Great. Appreciate that color. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Carly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, hey. Good afternoon. Good morning. So first, Kevin, congrats and also congrats to Allen on the Texas Rangers, wow.
Allen Nye: Thank you.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. So just wanted to follow up on the comment about the segmenting in California of the businesses. Is this just a resegmenting for accounting purposes? Are you considering even some type of structural merger of the entities?
Jeff Martin: Steve, it's something we have under evaluation right now. And as you know, when you think about financial segments, you think about how Trevor and I view the business. And from an accounting perspective, we think this is something that might make sense in terms of how we manage the business across three growth platforms. But, Trevor, perhaps you can provide some additional color from Steve on where you're at with your analysis.
Trevor Mihalik: I think, again, it is really kind of an accounting analysis. And really, as Jeff said, Steve, this is how we as the chief operating decision makers, will be evaluating the business on a combined basis. That being said, we will still be filing the Q's and K's for the individual businesses in our combined consolidated financial statements. So you'll still have access to that detailed information as well.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. My other questions were answered, so thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thank you for joining us, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thank you guys for the time. Appreciate it. And Kevin, I got to echo the congrats again to you too, sir. Thank you for all the help over the years.
Kevin Sagara: Thank you, Julian.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. Best of luck here. Look, just to come back a little bit in the same direction of some of the prior questions on equity, how do you think about some of these more efficient alternatives here? I mean, certainly maybe minority settle downs have been part of the MO [ph] at various points here. But how do you think about the alternatives to common equity, given the track record of pursuing these kinds of alternative avenues in recent years for LNG, as you think about funding the utility growth?
Jeff Martin: Yeah.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Did you sell down a portion of the utility?
Jeff Martin: Sure. No, we're not selling down any portions of the utilities. No, most importantly, when you see this type of growth that's in front of our company, it goes back to kind of first principles at Sempra which is being a disciplined allocator of capital, and it's just as important to match that discipline with efficiently sourcing. And we've answered this a couple of different times, Trevor, but maybe you just provide some color on how you're thinking about again.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes. Again, I think we've looked at various ways over the last several years to look at how to source the capital. But at the end of the day, I think from our perspective, I think we're looking at ways that would be the most efficient and the most timely. And right now, we're thinking that anytime you have this kind of growth, we will look at all sources of capital needs.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Indeed, I wish you the best of luck as you plan, and I anticipate we'll hear on fourth quarter on that front. If you may just to pivot in a slightly different direction; as you think about the quantum of CapEx and the potential step up here, how do you frame that against the regulatory lag expectations? Again, I get that you haven't settled on ten versus 20%, et cetera, but how would you think about lag prospectively, understanding some of the legislative impacts, amongst others, that could also play into the math about keeping up earned returns?
Jeff Martin: Yes. Thank you, Jillian for that question. I would start by referring you to Slide 13 in our slide deck. And just historically, it gives you a sense of how much growth we've seen in our capital plan from 2017 to 2023. And it gives you a sense of the question you just asked, Trevor. We've been pretty thoughtful about how we source capital and how we allocate capital to growth. In terms of regulatory lag, I think there's a couple of key takeaways here for the audience. Number one, on our Q2 call and again today, we've talked about the quality of the regulatory compact in Texas. Several different bills that Allen walked through specifically reduced regulatory lag, which led to his improvement in terms of expectations of $70 million to $90 million of additional earnings. Likewise, SB 410 is passed in California, very similar to some of the initiatives in Texas. And this, again, allows for reduced lag between rate cases on some of these investments around electrification. So we're going to be very thoughtful about making sure that when we grow our rate base you're going to see earnings growth really track that rate base over time. So we've taken these things into consideration. We're midway through our financial planning process for the fall. We feel great about the direction things are going for the company. We have a lot of growth ahead of us. But anytime you see this level of growth, what Trevor and I are focused on is making sure that we're driving discipline throughout the organization in terms of how we allocate capital and how we source capital.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. So, more consistent level, or actually, could you see improvement on earned returns?
Jeff Martin: I think, our job is and we have multiple meetings about this we're trying to improve returns in all three of our growth businesses all the time. That's clearly right in our wheelhouse of the discussions of the management team.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you. Best of luck here, and I'll see you soon.
Jeff Martin: All right, sounds good.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one more question, and our last question will come from Nicholas Campanella from Barclays. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Hi, Nick.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. Thanks to squeeze me in. How's everyone doing? Hey, I just wanted to follow up on the segmentation for California. Just what's the ultimate goal? Is it just to simplify the structure from a reporting standpoint, or is there benefits that could be realized for customers and shareholders if you were to kind of pursue something from a regulatory standpoint? I just acknowledge that SoCalGas and SDG&E are pretty close on the filing paths and just wanted to take your temperature there.
Jeff Martin: Sure. Now, obviously, this is something that we're still evaluating but remember, over the last three or four years, one of my priorities with our Board has been to simplify our business model. And I've talked about it a fair amount, Nick, that anytime you can simplify your business, take risk away from how you execute, you can make your business more valuable. So we've boiled this business down from to having really three primary growth platforms Sempra, Texas, Sempra California, and Sempra Infrastructure. And all we're really evaluating at this point is, would it make sense for us as key executive decision makers to make sure that our accounting reflects how we think about and manage the business? This is something we're going to evaluate over the next several months and come back to you guys on Q4. It's no major legal reorganization. It's not that at all. It's just a matter of does it not reflect a more simplified form of how we manage and operate the business.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay, great. And then maybe I could just kind of come back to some of the questions on the growth rate. Quick, like I understand that cost of capital is, reflected in the range of outcomes here but you have a lot of positives that you just talked about in Texas – obviously, financing is a moving target, but should investors still just be expecting you to do the six to eight no matter what the scenario? Or do you see upward pressure to the growth rate?
Jeff Martin: No, I appreciate that question, and we're always looking to put upward pressure on that growth rate. But the way we've always oriented is we don't think about a 6% to 8% growth rate as a year-over-year issue or necessarily even a five year planning issue over long periods of time. We're one of the few companies in our sector that have been able to deliver those type of results. So over a 20 year period of time, we've grown our earnings per share at a 7% CAGR in the last 10 years, we've grown it at an 8% CAGR in the last three or four years, we've grown it at rates much higher than that. So I think our orientation is you're talking about a sector that has traditionally grown EPS at 3% or 4%. We're very comfortable that over long periods of time that we can deliver a 6% to 8% growth rate. But I think you're on the right track. We're certainly talking about a unique set of growth drivers in front of the business today. So we as a management team would always be looking to see if we could not push and exceed those expectations, if possible.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, I appreciate it. And happy Friday. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Hey, I appreciate it, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Jeff Martin for any additional closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: Thank you. Before we close out the call, I wanted to thank everyone who took the time to join today. I know it's been a busy week with a lot of earnings calls. Here's a few key takeaways. Number one, we had a strong quarter of financial results with year to date results trending ahead of the comparable period in 2022, which you will recall was a record year for the company. As a result, we're guiding our adjusted EPS to at or above the high end of our guidance range. Number two, we're also seeing a portfolio of new opportunities, particularly in Texas, to deploy higher levels of investment and are expecting to raise our five year capital plan by 10% to 20%. I'd also want to mention that we'll be attending EEI next weekend in Phoenix and very much look forward to spending time with each of you in person at that time. Thank you again for joining. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Sempra's Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn it over to Glen Donovan. Please go ahead.
Glen Donovan: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation are available on our website under our Events and Presentations section.  We have several members of our management team with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Kevin Sagara, Executive Vice President and Group President; Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; and other members of our senior management team.  Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC.  Earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023.  Please note that these earnings per share amounts do not reflect the 2-for-1 stock split in the form of a 100% stock dividend that we announced earlier this morning. These amounts will be updated when we announce our third quarter and full year 2023 financial results.  I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only of today, August 3, 2023, and it's important to note that the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you all for joining us today. Earlier this summer, Sempra celebrated its 25th anniversary. While the company was founded in 1998, our operational routes at San Diego Gas & Electric and SoCalGas date back to the late 1800s. Over that time, we've embraced a strong commitment to serving others, delivering energy with purpose and bettering our communities.  Today, we have 3 premium growth platforms located in what we believe are the most attractive markets in North America. And looking forward to the next 25 years, we're really excited about the opportunities in front of us to modernize and expand our energy network so that we can deliver increasingly clean, affordable and reliable energy to our customers.  This year, we also published our 15th corporate sustainability report, emphasizing how our sustainable business practices help mitigate risk and unlock new opportunities as we continue executing on our record $40 billion 5-year capital plan, which, you'll recall, only includes Sempra's proportionate share of the capital. Today, Sempra has multiple tailwinds supporting our growth and income equity story, and we're confident in our ability to continue delivering high-quality earnings and dividend growth to our shareholders.  That brings me back to the quarter. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $1.88 and year-to-date 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $4.80. As you'll recall, we discussed the company's 2023 and 2024 guidance on our first quarter call in May. And based on the strength of our results across the first half of the year, we're pleased to affirm both our 2023 and 2024 guidance ranges and our projected long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%.  Also, just yesterday, Sempra's Board approved a 2-for-1 stock split with the distribution date on August 21. The split does not impact our reported results for the second quarter, but it's important to note that in the third quarter, our historical and future financial results will reflect the post-split share count.  For the last several years, we've had one of the highest stock prices in the S&P 500 Utility Index. So with the planned split, we believe it will increase our trading volume and provide more accessibility for a broader group of investors to join us on our mission to be North America's premier energy infrastructure company.  Please turn to the next slide. When Sempra began its journey in 1998, we had a relatively modest rate base of roughly $5 billion. And across the last 2.5 decades, we've been successful in transforming the size and scale of Sempra's overall portfolio while also simplifying our business model. Today, we own $45 billion of rate base and over $80 billion of assets with an investment focus on what we believe is the higher-value, lower-risk portion of the energy value chain or transmission and distribution assets.  I'd also note that Sempra's businesses are located in contiguous markets in the southwestern tier of North America and really benefit from strong economic growth across the region. Our strategy focuses on investing in regulated utilities that are decoupled from direct commodity exposure and long-term contracted energy infrastructure while avoiding the volatility associated with commodities and the uncertainties facing legacy generation facilities.  In other words, our core value proposition focuses on investing in the transmission and distribution backbone of North America and helping to efficiently move energy from producers to customers. Finally, our T&D utility investments benefit from constructive regulatory mechanisms with competitive returns on equity and the timely return of capital.  Sempra Infrastructure's business is underpinned by long-term contracts with world-class counterparties that are expected to provide steady recurring cash flows. Taken together, our 3 platforms provide great visibility to high-quality, long-term earnings growth which is aligned with our overall mission to continue building out the premier energy infrastructure company in North America.  Please turn to the next slide, where Trevor will walk you through both our business and financial results.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. As we close the first half of the year, we're pleased with our financial results, which highlight the strength of our business model. For background, Sempra was formed via the merger of the parent companies of SDG&E and SoCalGas. And it's exciting to see how that foundation has allowed us to build a much larger and more successful company over time.  Today, we have a leading position with $24 billion of rate base within our Sempra California platform and serve nearly 26 million consumers. As electrification continues to increase, we're seeing significant load growth. Since 2022, SDG&E has experienced load growth of approximately 3%. This is the result of economic expansion and the trend of more business and consumer activity switching to electricity.  For example, the Port of San Diego recently unveiled the arrival of 2 all-electric cranes, which are the first of their kind to be unveiled in North America. The port also approved an electrification project, enabling cruise ships to plug into the grid while at berth as opposed to running their diesel engines, thereby significantly reducing emissions. The Port of San Diego is also expecting to receive the first all-electric tugboat to support further emission reductions across their operations.  As these trends continue, we see opportunities for increased investment in infrastructure to support continued decarbonization in the region. Another great example is the ongoing electrification of transportation. California is leading the nation in electric vehicles, and SDG&E now has over 110,000 EVs in its service territory as of the first quarter, an increase of almost 35% compared to last year.  At Sempra, our employees have also been leaders in promoting electrification. Back in 2015, we set an internal goal to have 500 employees using electric vehicles as a primary means of transportation. We're pleased to report that we have recently exceeded the 1,000-employee mark, making us one of the first companies in Southern California to reach this milestone. And as electrification and customer adoption increases, we expect this to drive increased load growth in our service territory.  Further, with an increasingly complex grid, significant modernization is required to maintain safety and reliability. SDG&E's recent commissioning of 171 megawatts of utility-owned energy storage assets is another great example of utilizing technology to store and dispatch clean energy while reducing reliance on conventional gas-fired power plants.  To help ensure California can meet its reliability and clean energy goals, CAISO approved the 2022 to 2023 transmission plan in May, awarding SDG&E an estimated $500 million of new development projects. Also, in June, CAISO initiated a comprehensive bidding process with over $2 billion of additional projects located within SDG&E service territory.  At Sempra, we're one of the largest owners and operators of transmission assets in North America, and we believe SDG&E is well positioned to compete favorably. The company has a long track record of operating success here in Southern California, and we certainly believe our leadership and credibility in wildfire mitigation will also inform the quality and competitive nature of our bid.  Also in June, SDG&E announced that 80% of San Diego County customers are now receiving their electricity supplies from third-party providers. This is consistent with SDG&E's strategy of focusing more narrowly on modernizing the grid to efficiently move cleaner sources of energy to customers or what we refer to as an energy delivery model, much like Oncor in Texas.  Turning to SoCalGas. The company released an expanded Clean Fuels analysis, indicating the need to plan and account for increased levels of clean, firm, dispatchable generation. Results highlight the potential reliability benefits of electric resource diversity and the value of hydrogen generation. The report also contemplates how cleaner fuels can be delivered safely and affordably through SoCalGas' existing and potentially new energy networks to help support electrification and decarbonization.  In connection with California's new Renewable Gas Procurement Standard, known as SB 1440, SoCalGas recently issued a new request for proposal for biomethane supply in the form of RNG and/or biosynthetic natural gas. At the end of 2022, RNG represented 5% of core gas deliveries at SoCalGas, and the mandated procurement through SB 1440 is expected to support the adoption of RNG in the state and, in turn, help SoCalGas meet its goal of 20% RNG in core customer deliveries by 2030.  This is a prime example of how SoCalGas is using its existing energy network to help the state decarbonize in a safe and affordable manner. Finally, our California GRCs are well underway. Our application in those cases are centered around delivering cleaner energy safely and reliably and in alignment with California's decarbonization goals.  Recently, SDG&E and SoCalGas participated in evidentiary hearings with interveners and submitted updated testimony, and the regulatory process continues to advance in a constructive manner. The next key milestone is opening briefs, which are scheduled to be filed in mid-August. We continue to expect a proposed decision in the second quarter of 2024, with rates retroactive to the beginning of that year.  Please turn to the next slide. Turning to Texas. I first want to acknowledge the excessive heat that customers are currently enduring across the state while also recognizing the strong performance of the grid under some of the challenging conditions. Oncor's innovative and dedicated employees are the driving force maintaining reliable electric service despite challenging external factors, and they go to work each day with this commitment to excellence.  When we acquired just over 80% in Oncor 5 years ago, it had $11 billion of rate base, and Sempra made a regulatory commitment to support a minimum $7.4 billion 5-year capital plan. That same capital spend grew to be nearly $12 billion over that same period, and Oncor has nearly doubled its rate base to $21 billion as of the end of 2022. Over the past 5 years, Oncor's system has grown substantially, having added approximately 7,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines.  Earlier this year, Oncor increased its 2023 to 2027 capital plan to $19 billion. With continued strong economic growth and the recent positive legislation, we now certainly anticipate upside when we roll forward the new 5-year capital plan. We have long talked about the incredible macroeconomic growth in Texas and how it continues to drive additional capital investments.  To put Oncor's customer base into perspective, the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex alone has a larger population than 38 states. Since June of this year, ERCOT set 6 new records for peak demand. And it's also noteworthy that over the past 7 years, there has been a 17% increase in ERCOT's peak demand.  Specifically for Oncor, both C&I and residential customer demand continues to grow. A great example of this incremental C&I demand is the roughly $60 billion of chip manufacturing facilities that have begun construction in the cities of Sherman and Taylor over the past 18 months. These large manufacturing sites are expected to drive demand and require the build-out of significant new electrical infrastructure in the surrounding communities.  Finally, we also want to provide an update on a series of positive legislative outcomes that could add significant long-term value for Oncor and its customers by attracting additional capital to meet the state's growth and resiliency needs. Please turn to the next slide.  Several bills were recently enacted in Texas, that are designed to provide enhanced recovery mechanisms for utilities and reduce regulatory lag. Together, these bills are expected to improve realized ROE and facilitate additional investment to support Texas' growth. We believe that the improved regulatory legislation, coupled with an incredible economic growth story, positions Oncor as one of the premier regulated T&D utilities in the country.  Starting with SB 1015, Oncor is now able to file a distribution capital tracker twice a year as opposed to only once. Similar to the existing regulatory mechanism for transmission investments, this should reduce regulatory lag and reflect Oncor's distribution investments in a more timely manner. This should improve both earnings and cash flows and is critical in markets like Texas, which is experiencing increased demand requiring rapid capital deployment.  Moving to HB 2555. This bill is designed to allow utilities to file a plan to harden and make its transmission and distribution systems more resilient to potential disruptions. Of note, the bill provides a separate regulatory mechanism for recovery of commission-approved resiliency investments.  The PUCT is currently drafting new rules to specify actual implementation, which we expect to be completed by the end of the year. The rulemaking will lay out the procedural steps and time lines between future filings and the actual rate implementation. SB 1076, the Permitting Efficiency Bill, helps address the transmission grids' expansion needs by shortening the time to approve CCN applications from 12 months to 6 months.  Finally, HB 5066 directs ERCOT and the PUCT to develop plans for transmission projects to serve high-growth areas of Texas, including the electrification efforts in the Permian Basin, and could provide incremental investment opportunities for Oncor. Together, these constructive legislative outcomes enhance Oncor's ability to better serve customers and support system growth.  Please turn to the next slide, where I will turn the call over to Justin to provide an update on Sempra Infrastructure and Port Arthur.
Justin Bird: Thank you, Trevor. Sempra Infrastructure was formed 2 years ago to streamline our business and bring together decades of energy infrastructure development and operating expertise under a single platform. Our increased scale positions us to capture new opportunities, create portfolio synergies and support the growth of North American energy markets.  There are 3 key trends that support these opportunities: decarbonization; energy security; and reshoring of manufacturing to North America, all of which give us confidence in the long-term growth profile of our business. Trade between the U.S. and Mexico continues to grow as a result of a strong reshoring trend. For example, a recent Reuters article identified more than $9 billion of capital that has flowed into Mexico from overseas manufacturers in the last 9 months.  And recently, Mexico surpassed Canada to become the largest trading partner of the U.S. Given our position as a leading player in North American energy infrastructure, we are well positioned to support growing cross-border trade with Mexico. More recently, we received several positive regulatory approvals across a number of our assets in Mexico, including in our energy networks and clean power segments.  Moving to projects under construction. Our teams have been busy with over 10 million accumulated hours worked without a lost-time incident. We expect these projects will come online over time, with GRO expansion and ECA targeting COD in the second half of 2024 and the summer of 2025, respectively. And finally, Port Arthur Phase 1 is also advancing as expected and continues to target commercial operations of Train 1 and Train 2 in '27 and 28, respectively.  Turning to LNG development at Cameron Phase 2. We're at a stage in the competitive feed process where we have selected Bechtel to move forward to complete the remaining work. We are aligned with our partners to invest additional time upfront to reduce construction risks and project costs. We expect this process to continue through the fall, positioning us to take FID next year after satisfactorily finalizing the additional FEED work, securing project financing and any required regulatory approvals.  The selection of Bechtel is a significant milestone and we're implementing a strategy similar to what we did at Port Arthur to reduce overall cost and risk to deliver another world-class LNG project. Also, we are pleased with the marketing and development at Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 and are particularly encouraged by recent comments made by the FERC Chairman in support of energy infrastructure projects needed for reliability.  Looking ahead, we're also expecting that Sempra Infrastructure Partners will finalize its project-level ownership stake in Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 at 28%. This is within the previously shared target range of 20% to 30%, and we expect the transaction with KKR to close in the third quarter.  Based on this updated ownership forecast for the project, Sempra Infrastructure Partners equity requirement is anticipated to be approximately $1.74 billion, and its proportionate share of EBITDA is estimated to be $460 million, which excludes certain upside economics such as Sempra Infrastructure's right to common facility payments from future phases.  Please turn to the next slide. At Port Arthur, we're developing a flagship energy hub that showcases the value of Sempra Infrastructure's world-class integrated capabilities. Sempra Infrastructure can leverage development and operational expertise across its portfolio to enhance the total value of Port Arthur. With 13 million tonnes per annum already under construction, Phase 2 is expected to double that capacity.  Further, we're leveraging the integrated capabilities of our business segments by developing the proposed Louisiana Connector pipeline, gas storage facilities, Titan Carbon Sequestration facility and an early-stage hydrogen project in the Port Arthur region. This comprehensive development approach supports the sustained growth of our energy infrastructure portfolio and is expected to help us capture a larger piece of the economics from the Port Arthur footprint.  At Port Arthur Phase 1, construction is well underway, with more than 2.7 million hours worked without a lost-time incident. Many of you are likely aware that our recent FERC request, which would enable Bechtel to expand staffing and work schedules to include 24-hour shifts, this provides for better optimization of construction activities, focusing on safety and allows for certain tasks to be completed at night, such as material deliveries and next-day site preparation. We also believe it will improve workflows and streamline schedules, so it's a mutually beneficial situation from our perspective.  With that, please turn to the next slide, where Trevor will discuss Sempra's financial results.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Justin. Turning to Sempra's financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter 2023 GAAP earnings of $603 million or $1.91 per share. This compares to second quarter 2022 GAAP earnings of $559 million or $1.77 per share. On an adjusted basis, second quarter 2023 earnings were $594 million or $1.88 per share. This compares to our second quarter 2022 earnings of $626 million or $1.98 per share.  Please turn to the next slide. The variance in the second quarter 2023 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year can be summarized by the following. At Sempra California, $32 million of higher CPUC base operating margin at SDG&E and higher amounts earned under certain CPUC regulatory incentive mechanisms and $14 million of higher CPUC net interest income earned on regulatory balances and higher tax benefits on flow-through items at SoCalGas, partially offset by net higher interest expense.  At Sempra Texas, $26 million of lower equity earnings from higher expenses and lower weather-driven consumption, offset by new base rates and customer growth. At Sempra Infrastructure, $40 million of higher earnings attributable to NCI, including the 10% sale of a minority interest in Sempra Infrastructure Partners to ADIA and higher development expense.  This was partially offset by $33 million of higher equity earnings, primarily from transportation tariffs, partially offset by lower asset optimization revenues, primarily from lower LNG diversion fees, and lower generation at TdM from a scheduled major maintenance. At Sempra Parent and Other, there were $45 million of higher costs, primarily driven by lower tax benefits and increased net interest expense, partially offset by net investment gains.  Please turn to the next slide. Over the past 25 years, Sempra has transformed from a regional Southern California utility to a leading North American energy infrastructure company and is positioned at the intersection of multiple macroeconomic growth trends. Along each step of the way, we've exhibited strong financial stewardship, overseeing meaningful earnings growth and return significant capital to owners in the form of dividends and share repurchases.  Looking ahead, we're focused on reaching a constructive outcome on our California rate cases, executing our record capital plan, demonstrating financial discipline and materially advancing critical infrastructure projects across our growth platforms. We've had a great start to the year that highlights our compelling growth story.  And with that, this concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now stop, open the line and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Starting off on your commentary for Oncor, and I know you obviously -- you've had some assumptions in plan, but the Texas legislation is clearly a material support. For Oncor, we just saw a peer of yours raise CapEx while also kind of highlighting additional opportunities.  Can you just help us quantify how and when incremental benefits start getting embedded in plan? When we could start seeing some more of the CapEx benefits reflected, especially if you now have the ability to achieve allowed returns. So like could we further see updates as we approach your normal guidance update cycle later this year around Texas?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. Thank you for the question. And I certainly agree with you. This has been a very constructive legislative cycle in Texas, and I would start at the very beginning by really expressing our appreciation to Allen and his team. They deserve a lot of credit. They had been doing an exceptional job on the ground there. They're clearly seeing a lot more growth on the system, Shar, and I'll have Allen speak to some of that growth in a second.  But we would look forward to refreshing the Oncor plan this fall and providing future updates from Sempra's perspective in February. I do think you may find it helpful though, and I want to mention, as a rule of thumb, the DCRF legislation is expected to improve Oncor earnings in our estimation, around $70 million to $90 million on a full year basis, which falls within our current guidance.  But as I mentioned, we'll be updating for 2025 on our February call. Also, it may be helpful that as a ballpark reference, every incremental $100 million of capital added to the plant in Texas is expected to add approximately $0.01 of accretion to Sempra on a pre-split basis.  But Allen, it might be helpful to Shar, if you just provide a little bit of visibility into the growth that you're seeing on the system and your future expectations.
Allen Nye: Yes, sure, Jeff. Growth continues to be just very, very strong, frankly, at record levels throughout our system and on all the metrics that we track. Just real quickly, premise growth is up about 10.5% quarter-over-quarter. We connected 21,000 approximately new premise in Q2 versus 19,000 same Q last year.  Transmission points of interconnection, or POIs, are incredibly strong. We added 92 new requests in Q2 for a total amount now in our Q of $720 million, which is a 37% increase over the same quarter last year. Broken down by retail and generation, retail requests for transmission points of interconnection are up around 22%, and based -- versus the same quarter last year. Generation, incredibly strong, up 50% over the last 12 months, and the total number of generation requests has actually doubled since 2020. So really strong growth on our transmission system.  West Texas remains very strong. The Far West Texas weather zone, peak increased by about 11.5% over the '22 peak. Peak on our Culberson transmission loop system out there, 21% year-over-year growth. And then just a couple more stats on things that aren't presently in the numbers. But our economic development team activities, new project requests were up 36% and request for information were up 32%. And all those things -- some of those things ultimately will work their way into the other numbers.  So we're very pleased with the continued economic expansion in Texas. We're very pleased with the continued very strong growth we're seeing on our system. If you look back, as Trevor said, we had $11.5 billion -- $11.7 billion in 2017 when the Sempra transaction with Oncor was announced. By the end of '22, we had about $20.8 billion.  We've already said we're doing about $3.6 billion in CapEx this year. Looking forward, we still have a $19 billion CapEx plan for the next 5 . We added $200 million in July. We got our Board to approve that. That is new capital that is not pulled forward. And then going into our October and first quarter Board meetings, we'll obviously do another CapEx plan refresh.  As Trevor said, we think there's likely to be upside there if we continue to see the growth that we're seeing now as well as the addition of a resiliency plan under HB 2555. That's presently a PUC rulemaking right now. So as Trevor said, we effectively doubled the rate base from the time the Sempra transaction was announced already.  Looking forward, we think it's possible we see a path to potentially doubling our rate base again in the next 5 to 6 years in a manner that really benefits our customers, results in a more resilient grid and benefits to the ERCOT market. All those things are obviously subject to the resiliency rulemaking, continuing to see strong growth in all the necessary Board actions. But Texas is -- has a great story, and we're very pleased to be a part of it, and I appreciate the question.
Jeffrey Martin: So Shar, I'll just make the kind of concluding comment here that we've guided to $70 million to $90 million of incremental earnings associated with the DCF legislation. We talked about the accretion associated with the $100 million of capital in Texas.  And to highlight, I think, a couple of key things from Allen's comments. We've effectively doubled the rate base from 2017 to 2022. And I think Allen highlighted this, but there's more work to be done this fall with our planning team, but we have a real opportunity to more than double their rate base a second time in the next 5 to 6 years.  So we've got some more planning work to be done. But we look forward to working with the Oncor Board and finalizing his roll-forward 5-year capital plan and certainly coming back and updating how we think about that from Sempra's perspective in February.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And lastly, Jeff, for me is, obviously, appreciate the stock split strategy to create some more liquidity. Obviously, the hope there is that it could eventually improve the valuation of the stock further. Are there sort of any other thoughts on strategy and optimization?  I mean Mexico has shown some desire to renationalize some energy industries. So has there been any interest on the legacy assets, especially as fuel storage and terminals were considered kind of a security need? Or does the SIP ownership structure kind of prohibit for any capital rotation decisions?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. Thank you, Shar. I'll kind of address both of those questions. I think the thought process behind the stock split is that we currently have the highest stock price in the S&P 500 Utility Index as we celebrate our 25th anniversary, this is the first time that we've announced a stock split for the company.  We certainly, to your point, think it will improve trading volumes and make the stock more accessible to a broader group of investors. So we view it just generally as a positive. And I think it really reflects management's bullish view on our future business prospects.  Turning to your issue of strategy, and I'll come back to Mexico. Our Board reviews our strategy at every Board meeting. It's been a top focus of our management team for the last 5 years. And it's allowed us to simplify our business model, improve our visibility to future growth.  When you think about the updates that Allen just provided and some of the things from our prepared remarks, we feel great about our growth and income story. And we have more work to do, as I indicated, with Allen's team to continue to think about the growth prospects in his business.  Turning to Mexico. This kind of goes to the issue of what our prioritization is. And Justin mentioned this in his prepared remarks, but by combining Mexico with LNG, we created a business of larger scale with what are effectively midstream assets, with approximately 17 to 18 years' tenure in that overall contract portfolio. So it's a really high-quality portfolio of cash flows.  But as we look to finance our future, there's no question that we're going to continue to prioritize the growth in our utilities. We've demonstrated a willingness to sell down in the capital structure to SI. And I think we've done that quite efficiently in the past 2 years. And opportunities like you identified and continue to capital recycle, that's right in our wheelhouse.  So we'll continue to look for assets. They are less core to our future strategy. And that will always be something that we'll take a hard look at with Trevor and his team. So we feel good about our strategy going forward, and we appreciate the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just maybe just looking at your year-to-date performance, just wanted to get your thoughts of that's tracking versus your expectations? I mean the EPS guidance range is still pretty wide. But clearly, you've exceeded my expectations, and I believe, Street estimates. So just how is the year shaping up versus your guidance range?
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. Appreciate the question. You'll recall that in 2022, we really had a banner year. We reported around $9.21 of adjusted EPS. And reporting $4.80 for this year, we think, is a very strong number. So we think we've had a strong first half, a good first quarter. We feel great about our guidance.  Honestly, one of the things that we're focused on as a management team in Kevin's business is making sure that we execute very well around our rate cases here in the State of California. And we mentioned on the call that we expect to finalize that in the middle of next summer, with rates retroactive to January 1. So I think we feel very good about where we're at this year. I think it also signals strength to our guidance for next year.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Very strongly positioned, it sounds like. Okay. Then maybe just turning to California, and you mentioned the rate cases. But the CAISO opportunity, $500 million, is that incremental? Or is that embedded in the current CapEx plan?  And then you also highlighted $2 billion worth of projects, which are going to be competitively bid on. Maybe just talk to us as to how we see that embedded into your CapEx plans, just the time line and next steps there.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I appreciate that question. We actually think, very similar to Texas, there's a very strong underlying growth story in California. We highlighted in our prepared remarks, but SDG&E has seen year-over-year demand growth of about 3%. I've been at the company since 2004. We've never seen that type of growth. And it really is a reflection of the electrification that's taken place in the state.  On your issue of whether the $500 million of incremental transmission projects are in our 5-year plan. Just remember, our current plan goes through 2027. We're going to roll that plan forward next February. This is really the CAISO's efforts to lock in the needed transmission, the need for the next 10 years.  So most of these projects will be outside of our current 5-year plan and be picked up in future periods. But I thought, Kevin, it might be helpful to give your perspective on the transmission opportunities here in the state and specifically the larger numbers that Durgesh just spoke to.
Kevin Sagara: Thanks, Durgesh. Stepping back for a second, as Jeff's talking about it, clearly, the grids all across the country need significant upgrades as we move towards more electrification. In California, we've estimated that electric demand will more than double by 2045, with commensurate investments in grids. And as you mentioned, we're seeing that kind of load growth in San Diego already with a lot of adoption around electric vehicles.  So we're really excited about this recent announcement for the CAISO to add $7 billion. This is just like an incremental $7 billion of transmission opportunities. And as Trevor mentioned, $0.5 billion has already been directly awarded to SDG&E, and we're going to bid on those $2 billion to $3 billion of other projects.  And I'd note that across the Sempra family of companies, we're one of the largest owners and operators of high-voltage electric transmission in the country and really well positioned to be successful here in California as California continues this path of aggressive, aggressive investments to enhance and facilitate electrification.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Just a quick follow-up. Is there a time line on that? The $2 billion worth of projects that you mentioned, over what time frame is that going to be awarded?
Kevin Sagara: Well, it's going to be -- I think there's going to be a short list close to winter in December and then with something awarded early next year. So I think more to follow here, but there's a process that CAISO is going to follow. And like I said, I'm pretty optimistic, and we're going to be very competitive.
Operator: Our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. If I can focus first on the LNG side, if you don't mind. I just wanted to understand a little bit of the push out in the time line on the Cameron side. Clearly, this has been, in some senses, articulated previously. But as you think about getting clarity on time line today on when to move forward, are you kind of waiting for inflation to moderate?  Are you waiting for certain milestones to be achieved here with your new partner, with Bechtel? Or are there other considerations? Just to kind of understand the shift to '24 now, but also the input parameters to narrow that in a little bit more precise.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I'll make a few comments. I'll pass it to Justin maybe to provide a larger overview of his LNG development program. But I would just start by saying, Julien, the best way to think about it is we were on a call very similar to this in August of last year where we were talking about the potential for Port Arthur Phase 1 to leapfrog Cameron. And we were not, at that time, prepared to make an FID estimate for Port Arthur, but we felt good about the progress.  We're probably in a similar position today. We've got more work to be done on both of our brownfield projects, Cameron expansion as well as Port Arthur 2, but we're making significant progress. We're very excited to have selected Bechtel. Bechtel is doing a wonderful job, and he's been on site at Port Arthur for probably close to 5 years at this point.  So I think that's a big step forward for us to have Bechtel in-house working with us on finalizing cost and design work. And Justin, maybe you could do 2 things, update us on the overall LNG portfolio for Julien's benefit and maybe provide additional details about how you're thinking about timing.
Justin Bird: Great. Well, thank you, Julien. Let me take a step back, as Jeff mentioned, again, our core strategy is to build an LNG infrastructure business. And that would be a business that offers customers LNG volumes from both the Pacific and Gulf Coast. And as you think about where we are to date, Cameron Phase 1 is producing in excess of 100% of its expected volumes. ECA Phase 1 and Port Arthur Phase 1 are under construction, and both are proceeding safely and on schedule.  And as you look at our LNG development projects, look, we're very excited about the opportunity set in front of us. At Cameron Phase 2, as Jeff mentioned, the selection of Bechtel is a major milestone. And what we're doing with Bechtel is similar to what we did at Port Arthur. We, and our Cameron partners, will continue to conduct value engineering work through the fall as we finalize the EPC arrangements.  And again, you have to remember that the goal is to optimize the design so we can optimize the overall cost structure and timing of COD. These efforts should position us for an FID next year, subject to definitive commercial arrangements and any needed regulatory extensions. So as you think about that timing, we're going to press forward on the EPC arrangements.  And we -- I guess I would echo what Jeff said, we were in this position last year on Port Arthur 1, and we'll try to do the same thing. Looking at Port Arthur Phase 2, very optimistic. We continue to advance commercial discussions with potential customers. Importantly, many of whom are also interested in project equity.  And at the same time, we're advancing engineering construction with Bechtel, regulatory and financing. Julien, as I kind of think about the business and where we are today, I think the key takeaway is we have made significant progress on our LNG strategy and are very bullish on both Port Arthur Phase 2 and Cameron Phase 2 moving forward next year.
Jeffrey Martin: And then I would just conclude, Julien, by saying that we're going to finalize costs around Cameron expansion. We're going to complete the commercial arrangements and continue to progress our permits and look to take FID next year on Cameron.  The most important thing I'd always remind folks is, it's never really a race. It's about putting all the risk in a box and optimizing the project to produce the best returns for our investors. And we've demonstrated the ability to do that. And we've got a great team on it. So we feel good about our progress on both Port Arthur Phase 2 and Cameron expansion.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And just in light of those last comments, if you don't mind elaborating, Jeff, you used the term leapfrogging. I heard you the last time talking about it. I'm hearing you this time talking about it. So you feel pretty good about getting -- just the time line here, you're closer than not on announcing incremental commercial terms here, if you will, as just on PA2. And then also the inflationary dynamics. Do you feel confident about the terms there to derisk that project, the second phase as well?
Jeffrey Martin: No, I would just clarify that I was reminding ourselves that when we had this call last year, there was still a fair amount of uncertainty around both projects, and we indicated there might be an opportunity for Port Arthur Phase 1 to leapfrog forward. What I'm really referring to is, even though there seems like there's a little bit of uncertainty around both of these brownfield projects, I can assure you that both of them are progressing in advance of what we've said publicly.  So we feel very good about both of them going forward, just like we were able to mature Port Arthur Phase 1. We're going to work diligently on Cameron expansion and Port Arthur Phase 2 with the hope of doing the same thing on both of those projects.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. And you said still anticipated to sell down the equity potentially in future expansion. Just considering the backdrop of LNG transactions of late, I figured you just clarify that last comment, too.
Jeffrey Martin: No. I mean this goes back to kind of how we tend to finance things. I mean, obviously, as we've talked about before several times, Julien, we're going to maximize our operating cash flows. We've got a lot of flexibility in our overall capital structure to finance things. But you see us at a 50% ownership level in Cameron today. You've seen us now at a 28% ownership position for Sempra Infrastructure Partners in Port Arthur Phase 1.  But one of the unique things is we have the opportunity to optimize the capital structure so that we really improve the returns for our shareholders. So certainly, I think that's a pattern or practice you would expect us to continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan Securities.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to pick up after what Julien was putting down there with regards to Port Arthur 2. More specifically, on the FERC and the lack of the boat there for the expansion, any current sense on timing on your end? And do you see this kind of impacting commercial discussion?
Jeffrey Martin: No, we don't. We do think it's important for that FERC certificate to be issued. We certainly think that will be issued in the next month or 2. So we remain optimistic about that.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. And then maybe drawing a bit more of a fine point, as a follow-up, we've seen Cove Point transacted at a much lower multiple than it did in 2019. And just wondering if this is a sign of value of the LNG space changing? Or just any thoughts on the value of that transaction?
Jeffrey Martin: Look, I think at Cove Point, what you saw take place was the transaction from minority interest. It was not a transaction related to a controlling interest. I think the thing I would fall back on, Jeremy, is when you look at what's taking place in the LNG marketplace today, in the world, has a global capacity of just below 400 million tonnes per annum. That marketplace will grow by more than 50% by the end of the decade and likely double by the middle of the century.  So the way we think about it is there is a need today for more LNG. That need will grow as countries around the world look for natural gas to balance out their commitment to cleaner fuels like renewables. We think the United States continues to have a competitive advantage, and we'll take market share. We are the world leader today in 2023. And when you think about the competitive price of natural gas in the United States, you think about the depth of our capital markets and the constructive regulation.  This is less about Cove Point or NextDecade or Sempra. This is about the United States taking a leadership position in the world. We think this business will continue to get much bigger. It's grown at about an 8% CAGR from '17 to 2021, and we continue to expect to see strong growth in LNG marketplace. And I think Sempra is well positioned as any company in North America to be a big part of it.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. And wondering if there's any more commentary you're able to provide as far as commercial discussions or concerns between Asian versus European buyers or portfolio buyers otherwise? Just trying to get a flavor for kind of how that is progressing at this point?
Jeffrey Martin: We're having commercial negotiations on Port Arthur Phase 2 as well as on some of the offtake arrangements around Cameron expansion. Many of the same type of customers you would expect in Europe and in Asia are part of those conversations. It is a very vibrant market today, and there's lots of conversations taking place by our marketing team. So we remain optimistic about future announcements in that area.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Real quick last one, if I could. Just wondering if you could provide more details on this latest Port Arthur CCS announcement. Is this project just CCS for Arthur and in Sempra? Or I guess, how -- what's the addressable market that you're targeting there?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. I would say that we've named this project Titan. It's some recent port space that we've been able to acquire. It is a very competitive process in Louisiana and Texas to have these types of facilities. And Titan has been dedicated to serve the needs of Port Arthur Phase 1 and future phases at Port Arthur. We also expect that it will serve other third-party interest in the region.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carly Davenport from Goldman Sachs.
Carly Davenport: Just wanted to go back to Texas very quickly. You had mentioned the Resiliency Bill. Could you just give us some details from a timing perspective in terms of when you're able to file for that? And kind of how long the approval process is expected to take until you can begin to recover investments under it?
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. It's a really good question. And I will tell you, it is a very, very important development in Texas. We think it will be something that we will participate in once the rulemaking is set. But Allen, perhaps you could talk about the bill itself, when you think the rulemaking will be over and when you expect you'll put your first 3-year filing in front of the Commission.
Allen Nye: Yes. You bet, Jeff. Let me -- I'll just run you through kind of the time line that we're seeing for HB 2555, the Resiliency Bill. The bill became effective June 13 of this year. It required a rulemaking to be completed within 180 days. So the statutory deadline for the rule is December 10 of this year, subject to whatever comes out of that rulemaking. Presumably, utilities like us would be free to file thereafter.  The plans that are filed with the Commission by law are required to be approved, modified or rejected within 180 days. So with respect to us, we're hoping to file a plan in Q1 of 2024 and seek to have that plan approved in the second half of '24. That's what we know for now.
Carly Davenport: Great. That's really helpful. And then just to think about the -- maybe shifting to California, just you mentioned the general rate cases kind of going on there. Can you just talk about kind of how that process has [indiscernible] so far, if there's initial , and if there's anything that surprised you so far?
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I'll make a couple of comments, and I'll pass it to Kevin if he wants to add anything. But the GRC hearings concluded in July and opening briefs will be filed in the middle of this month, with the proposed decisions I indicated in the second quarter of 2024. I think the most important thing, Carly, is the state is very focused on safety, reliability and decarbonization, and that's exactly how we lined up our rate cases.  So remember, we had the first ramp rate case back in 2019. This is also a ramp format that we're following, and it's really closely aligned with what we think are the public policy positions of the state. So I think we're in good shape. Kevin, would you like to add anything else about how this unfolds?
Kevin Sagara: I mean just process-wise, Carly, I just would mention that we also just updated our filings for inputs from inflation factors, labor rates, medical insurance costs and the like. So we just updated them. We're going to have a refile this fall and look forward for a PD in the first part of -- mid-next year, first part of the year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Nicholas Campanella from Barclays.
Nicholas Campanella: I'll keep it short. So I guess, Port Arthur, good to see you finalize 28% here. Just what's causing you to fall higher in the range that you kind of gave to us? And then when we think about the puts and takes around the funding plan and what was outlined in the first quarter call, now that you've kind of solidified this 28%, should we still think about no kind of external equity financing at the holdco?
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I would just say that we had originally targeted between 20% and 30% ownership. Obviously, our goal is to own as much of the project as we can. So we are very pleased to guide up to the 28% range. Previously, on calls, we had talked about notionally just giving out information at the 25% level. But our goal all along was to make sure that we could land as high in the range as possible.  I think we're well set on financing. I'll pass it over to Faisel Khan, who's the CFO of Sempra Infrastructure, and maybe you can just update us on how he expects the Denali capital process to go forward and your funding for Port Arthur Phase 1.
Faisel Khan: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. So as is always talked about, we have this sort of flexible capital structure. So first, with our project financing at Port Arthur, sort of well underway. That's roughly $7 billion in capital for the project. Then of course, we have our partners, ConocoPhillips and now KKR as equity partners as well.  And then we also have moving up the capital structure, you get into Sempra Infrastructure Partners, where you have ADIA and KKR as well. So again, plenty of capital to be drawn on from all of our partners sort of having that capital -- flexible capital structure in place enables us to sort of maximize returns for the project up to Sempra.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. And then I know everyone is very focused on Train 4 for Cameron. But can you just give us a sense of how debottlenecking for 1 through 3 is progressing? And whether you remain on track to increase that capacity before Train 4?
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. Justin, you can take that.
Justin Bird: Yes. Yes, Nick, we're still doing some of that engineering work. I'd say it's very positive. And as -- just as you recall, the debottlenecking won't be binary. So what we'll likely do, as we continue to take trains down for routine maintenance, we will do the debottlenecking activities during those trains, and we'll expect to see additional volumes. So again, debottlenecking is moving forward very positively.
Operator: And our next question will come from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe.
Steven Fleishman: I just wanted to circle back to the -- back to Oncor and some of the things you mentioned, that $70 million, $90 million on DCRF and the kind of sensitivity on investment. So when would you see this benefit of DCRF? Would that be pretty much in place for 2024? Or -- yes.
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, it's a good question. We expect to make our second DCRF filing for this year in September. And the pickup for DCRF, which might be a little bit this year, will primarily be in 2024. So it will be a full run rate benefit in 2024, Steve.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. But you said it falls within your guidance because your guidance range is pretty wide, I guess.
Jeffrey Martin: That's correct. But we'll also -- we also review that with our Board in the ordinary course as part of our fall financing exercise. And you'll recall, we'll also be updating and issuing our 2025 guidance on the February call.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And tied in with that, just on the capital at Oncor, which you said you'll update in the fall. The -- I mean will that include -- are you going to just update kind of normal course there? Or will that include this reliability aspect as well, which won't have been fully finalized by them? Or would that maybe come later on?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. I think this goes back to Carly's question. We're going to do our normal roll-forward 5-year planning process, led by Don Clevenger at Oncor. the Oncor Board will be deeply involved with that as well the ownership both of TTI and Sempra. We obviously have seen the capital plan grow from $15 billion to $19 billion just year-over-year, and we certainly think it's going to obviously grow again, as we've already indicated.  The key issue for you on this new rulemaking, which Allen indicated, the rulemaking, Steve, will not be finalized until, at the earliest, December 10 of this year. And Allen will be coming back to the Board with an add-on related to resiliency. So the work that we're doing that will be finalized in the fall is the normal roll-forward 5-year capital plan.  But once we have the rulemaking in place, Allen and his team will hustle to put together the appropriate analysis for the Oncor Board, and that will lead to the filing that we made with the Commission. And I think, as Allen indicated, we expect to have feedback from the Commission in the second half of the year. Allen, do you want add to that?
Allen Nye: No, Jeff. I think that's exactly right.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Jeff Martin for any additional closing remarks.
Jeffrey Martin: Look, as we close out today's call, I wanted to note that we're pleased with our financial results, both for the quarter and for the first half of the year. I certainly believe we continue to make great progress on our LNG story, and we're making progress at Phase 2 at both Cameron and Port Arthur and are also pleased to guide to the higher ownership percentage of 28% at Port Arthur Phase 1.  And as you can tell from today's call, Texas continues to be one of the leading growth stories in the country. And the improved regulatory compact there is a very strong signal, in my opinion, for continued investment. And finally, as we celebrate our 25th anniversary, we're pleased to announce our 2-for-1 stock split.  We appreciate everyone making time to join us this morning. We have several IR events this month in Wisconsin and Las Vegas and hope to see many of you there. This concludes our call, and feel free to follow up with our IR team. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Sempra's First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn it over to Glen Donovan. Please go ahead.
Glen Donovan: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Sempra's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation are available on our website under the Investors section.  Here in San Diego, we have several members of our management team with us today, including: Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Kevin Sagara, Executive Vice President and Group President; Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; and other members of our senior management team.  Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC.  Earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis. And we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures.  We also encourage you to review our 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only of today, May 4, 2023. And it's important to note that the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future.  With that, please turn to Slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you all for joining us today. We're excited to report that through the first 4 months of this year, we've accomplished several significant objectives that advance our business strategy and position the company for future success.  We're off to a great start for this year. So what I'd like to do is provide you updates on several key business developments, growth opportunities over the next half decade and our EPS guidance for 2023 and 2024. After that Trevor and Justin will walk us through the business and financial achievements for our three growth platforms. And at the end of today's call, we'll reserve time for your questions.  Turning now to business developments. Oncor completed its base rate review last month with an updated ROE of 9.7% and a continuation of its existing equity layer of 42.5%. This constructive outcome provides strong support for Oncor's credit ratings and the expanded capital spending that's needed to meet the strong growth that's continuing to occur across its service territory.  Just last week, Oncor's Board met and reviewed the company's updated 5-year capital plan, which increased from roughly $15 billion to $19 billion. Oncor continues to see strong demand growth on its system and the need to make additional capital investments in transmission, distribution and new technology to continue improving safety and reliability. It's also important to note that we expect Oncor management will again refresh their long-term capital plan in the future with a view toward increasing it for the roll-forward 5-year period ending in 2028.  Next, I'd like to mention that I'm pleased with the recent positive final investment decision at Port Arthur LNG. It's an important milestone that highlights the growing franchise value of Sempra Infrastructure and how well positioned that platform is for continued growth through the end of the decade.  We also have a lot of respect for ConocoPhillips and their management team. Their participation in the capital structure and offtake creates strong alignment with us for successful execution of the project. I would note as well that we're bullish about future LNG opportunities and expect the U.S. LNG capacity will grow annually at a double-digit clip through the end of the decade and that Sempra Infrastructure is well positioned to help the U.S. extend its leadership position in this area.  With these developments and a newly updated view of our planned capital spending across all three growth platforms, we're announcing Sempra's new 2023 to 2027 capital plan of $40 billion. Note, too, that this number only includes Sempra's proportionate ownership share of the capital being allocated to Oncor and Sempra Infrastructure, including Port Arthur LNG.  This year, we're celebrating Sempra's 25th anniversary. Our 20,000 employees are on a mission to build North America's leading energy infrastructure company. And it's our commitment to innovation, sustainability and leadership that guides our disciplined investment strategy. We aim to provide a growing and competitive dividend while also increasing the company's earnings per share over the long term at rates of growth that continue to trend above the industry average.  With that backdrop, we're affirming our full year 2023 adjusted EPS guidance range of $8.60 to $9.20 and issuing our full year 2024 EPS guidance range of $9.10 to $9.80. Together, this updated guidance and our new capital plan provide a solid foundation for our long-term projected 6% to 8% compounded annual EPS growth rate, which we're also affirming today.  Now I'll turn the call over to Trevor to discuss our 5-year capital plan in more detail and provide a summary of our business and financial results.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. We continue to see robust opportunities to invest in our utilities and infrastructure businesses, resulting in a $40 billion 5-year capital plan, which, as Jeff mentioned, is approximately $5 billion higher than the previous plan. I'll briefly summarize the expected spending at each business.  At Sempra California, their 5-year $21.4 billion capital plan is aligned with the state's priorities, which include safety, reliability, wildfire mitigation and sustainability with a focus on customer affordability. At Sempra Texas, the $15.3 billion capital plan includes our proportionate share of Oncor's $19 billion plan. Expected spending is in response to robust economic and demographic growth that is occurring across the state. As Jeff mentioned, we expect this capital plan will likely be revised upward in the future.  At Sempra Infrastructure, its new capital plan of $3.6 billion now includes Sempra's proportionate share of Port Arthur LNG Phase 1, assuming Sempra Infrastructure's targeted 25% ownership level. To fund this growth, our customary approach is to start by reinvesting operating cash flows and raising debt financing at our regulated utilities in line with our authorized capital structures.  We also evaluate other financing options, such as project-level debt and equity and asset sales before issuing common equity at the parent, all with the goal of solving for the lowest cost of capital. This approach is consistent with our past convention, where we've raised efficient financing through various asset and minority equity stake sales and our financing of Port Arthur LNG Phase 1.  Overall, this approach of sourcing the lowest cost of capital has allowed us to maintain a strong balance sheet and continue to return capital through our growing dividend, all while providing flexibility to support infrastructure investments and deliver strong financial performance. The key takeaways for me as the CFO is that this is an exciting time for Sempra. And we have improved visibility to a portfolio of opportunities to capture strong growth across this decade.  Please turn to the next slide. Over the next 5 years, our rate base is expected to increase at an average annual growth rate of 9% with over 70% dedicated to electric infrastructure. This growth reflects the positive macroeconomic tailwinds in our core markets and attractive regulatory environments.  Please turn to the next slide, where I'll speak to Sempra California's and Sempra Texas' accomplishments this quarter and their updated capital plans. Beginning with SoCalGas, you'll recall that in late 2022, the CPUC issued its decision for the Angeles Link memorandum account, which also directed SoCalGas to work with the state in its application to the DOE for hydrogen hub federal funding. In doing so, SoCalGas is honored to be a partner with more than 100 other entities to support California's application.  According to DOE, clean hydrogen hubs are expected to create a network of producers, consumers and local connected infrastructure to accelerate its implementation as a scalable clean energy source. SoCalGas is excited to support the state's application and looks forward to advancing the development of critical new infrastructure to support cleaner fuels for the benefit of its customers.  Further, customer affordability is a top priority. That's why SDG&E has been working closely with regulators to proactively develop solutions to reduce bills while continuing to enhance customer safety and reliability. SDG&E is advancing several initiatives that we believe will improve the overall affordability of its services.  First, it recently filed a joint proposal with the other two large investor-owned utilities in the state to redesign electric rates to include a fixed charge, which is intended to make electricity more affordable and encourage broader support for the electrification across the state. A proposed decision is expected in early 2024.  Also, SDG&E announced that it submitted an application to DOE seeking up to $100 million in federal matching funds to support the strategic undergrounding and hardening of overhead power lines in and near federally recognized tribal nations land within a service territory. SDG&E would invest an additional $100 million towards this effort, subject to approval from the CPUC. Exploring options to tap into federal funding for infrastructure hardening is a great example of how SDG&E is working to advance safety and reliability in a more cost-efficient manner for our customers.  Further, the California ISO recently issued a draft 20-year transmission outlook, which included several important projects in SDG&E's service territory that would support further renewable integration and overall grid reliability. Within the draft plan, the projects identified meet both reliability and policy objectives. The estimated cost of these projects are approximately $500 million based on reliability needs and an estimated $3 billion for projects consistent with state policy, which will be subject to a competitive bid process.  The draft plan is anticipated to be reviewed by the CISO Board later this month. We're encouraged to see their outlook is beginning to incorporate the higher expected electrification loads that will be needed to further decarbonize the state in accordance with state policies. Additionally, we expect the ongoing general rate cases at SDG&E and SoCalGas to establish the critical foundation for meeting the future needs of customers.  Importantly, our filings are centered around delivering cleaner energy, safely and reliability in alignment with California's sustainability goals. Based on the current schedule, we expect a proposed decision in the second quarter of 2024 with rates retroactive to the beginning of that year.  In the meantime, SDG&E is continuing to execute a state-of-the-art wildfire mitigation plan, advancing the integration of utility storage and distributed resources and supporting electrification for the transportation sector. For SoCalGas, Scott and his team are focused on continuing to make improvements in the safety and integrity of the natural gas system while preparing its infrastructure for the delivery of cleaner fuels.  Please turn to the next slide. Moving to Sempra Texas. I'm pleased to report that Oncor is off to a strong start to the year. As Jeff mentioned, Oncor received a constructive final order for its base rate review in April, which preserved Oncor's equity layer at 42.5% and updated its ROE to 9.7%. As part of its decision, the commission recognized Oncor for its track record of excellent reliability of service, even with the extreme weather events that have occurred in its service territory.  This regulatory outcome has bolstered our confidence in the regulatory construct in the state. Having received the final order, Oncor updated its 5-year capital plan for 2023 through 2027 to $19 billion with a view toward making critical investments that support growth in the Texas economy and benefits customers through improved reliability of service.  Also, as a reminder, as part of Sempra's agreement to acquire Oncor in 2017, we committed to deploying $7.5 billion for the 5-year period from 2018 to 2022. At the end of 2022, Oncor had invested nearly $12 billion over that same period or nearly 60% more than its 2017 regulatory commitment. And now its 5-year plan anticipates $19 billion of investments, which is 2.5x its original regulatory commitment at the time of Sempra's investment.  Increases to Oncor's new capital plan are expected to support: growing generation interconnections, which are primarily related to renewables and clean power; strong premise growth; grid resilience and reliability; and technology and innovation advancements on the grid. You've heard us talk a lot about the attractiveness of this market in the past. In part, it's because Oncor benefits from the efficient capital recovery tracker mechanisms that are designed to limit lag associated with its investments.  There is now pending legislation that we are following that could improve Oncor's capital efficiency even further. In particular, SB 1015, if passed, would provide for two DCRF filings per year instead of the one that Oncor currently operates under. Passage of the bill would reduce regulatory lag and further support Oncor's efficient deployment of capital.  From an operational perspective, Oncor had another strong quarter with a 41% increase in active and retail transmission interconnection requests at the end of March compared to the same time last year. Also, premise growth continued to be robust in the first quarter, where Oncor connected 17,000 new premises.  Please turn to the next slide, where I will turn the call over to Justin to provide an update on Sempra Infrastructure.
Justin Bird: Thanks, Trevor. Sempra Infrastructure had a strong first quarter of strategic accomplishments, particularly across its LNG and net-zero business lines, where continued demand for cleaner, more secure energy has strengthened the need for future development.  On the Gulf Coast, we've had several positive developments I want to highlight. I'll speak to Port Arthur in a moment. But first, in March, FERC approved Cameron LNG Phase 2's amendment to transition from gas turbines to electric drives. The completion of this work stream is critical to the development of the project. Given its competitive position to deliver LNG to customers in Europe and Asia, we remain confident in the attractive upside opportunity offered by this proposed expansion.  As a reminder, we expect that Cameron partners will take their share of offtake and SI will sell its share of volumes under back-to-back contracts. We continue to advance the competitive feed process. We've been targeting the completion of this process later this summer.  Consistent with our disciplined approach to project development, we and the Cameron partners may extend this process beyond the targeted time frame to reduce construction risk, project cost and optimize the construction schedule through COD. We would expect to take FID after completing the FEED process as well as the project financing.  At Port Arthur LNG Phase 1, we reached a positive final investment decision in March. We closed on $6.8 billion of nonrecourse project debt and executed definitive equity financing agreements, which paves the way to advance the project. We continue to target closing our transaction with KKR this summer, pending regulatory approvals.  The momentum on Phase 1 sets us up well for a potential Phase 2 expansion at the facility. And it's important to note that SI has retained rights over the associated development and common facilities. We're continuing development work on the proposed expansion. And last month, we were pleased to receive the environmental assessment from FERC, citing no adverse impact, another positive step in our development.  Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 was a great example of our strategic approach of collaborating with world-class partners to identify and execute investments with long-term contracted cash flows, all with a view of creating incremental value to our owners. We're continuing to execute this strategy, capturing new opportunities to support energy security and the global energy transition.  In Sempra Infrastructure's new capital plan, we have included Sempra's targeted proportionate share of the $13 billion projected capital expenditures at Port Arthur LNG Phase 1. Sempra Infrastructure Partners is targeting a 20% to 30% ownership interest in the project. Based on Sempra's 70% ownership of Sempra Infrastructure Partners and assuming its 25% target ownership in the project, we're including approximately $2 billion in our capital plan.  As a reminder, our planning convention is to only include projects that have reached FID. And therefore, our plan does not currently include Cameron LNG Phase 2, Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 or other development opportunities where we haven't taken FID yet.  As you look to the robust growth opportunities that we've outlined in the appendix, I also would highlight we're now including the Port Arthur Louisiana Connector Pipeline. The pipeline would support 2 Bcf per day of feed gas supply for Port Arthur from the strategically located Gillis hub.  Please turn to the next slide. With FID at Port Arthur now behind us, I'm excited to provide you the first update on construction progress and how quickly teams, led by Bechtel, have mobilized to start construction. There are already approximately 450 people on site, including both the Bechtel and SI teams.  As a result, the site is changing daily. Clearing of the areas for the two LNG trains and two storage tanks is almost complete. And we've already started soil stabilization. We're doing this all with a firm eye on maintaining both a strong safety culture and deep community support for the project.  Please turn to the next slide, where I'll turn it back over to Trevor to discuss Sempra's financial results.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Justin. Turning to Sempra's financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter 2023 GAAP earnings of $969 million, or $3.07 per share. This compares to first quarter 2022 GAAP earnings of $612 million, or $1.93 per share. On an adjusted basis, first quarter 2023 earnings were $922 million, or $2.92 per share. This compares to our first quarter 2022 earnings of $924 million, or $2.91 per share.  Please turn to the next slide. The variance in the first quarter 2023 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year can be summarized by the following. At Sempra California, $32 million of higher net interest expense at SoCalGas and SDG&E and lower income tax benefits at SoCalGas, primarily from flow-through items netted against lower income tax expense at SDG&E, primarily from flow-through items, partially offset by $14 million, primarily from higher CPUC and FERC base operating margin at SDG&E and lower CPUC base operating margin at SoCalGas.  At Sempra Texas, $35 million of lower equity earnings, primarily due to higher depreciation expense, interest expense, O&M and lower revenue from decreased consumption, partially offset by higher revenues from rate updates and customer growth.  At Sempra Infrastructure, $56 million of lower earnings, driven by the sale of a minority interest in Sempra Infrastructure, more than offset by $71 million of higher earnings, primarily from the transportation business in Mexico, asset optimization and higher LNG diversion fees, partially offset by higher net interest expense and lower income tax benefit.  And other items at Sempra parent, which includes $36 million of lower costs, primarily driven by return on investments, supporting certain nonqualified benefit plans and higher income tax benefits, partially offset by higher net interest expense.  Please turn to the next slide. We have a clear strategy to build leading T&D infrastructure businesses in some of the most attractive markets in North America. And we have demonstrated a consistent ability to identify and deploy capital into attractive regulated and long-term contracted businesses. We have also taken concerted steps to simplify our business model into three growth platforms.  And this has improved our capital discipline and allowed us to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders over short- and long-term investment periods. Now with our updated capital plan and favorable macroeconomic tailwinds, paired with disciplined financial and operational execution, we believe we're well positioned to continue delivering an attractive dividend and compelling earnings per share growth.  Please turn to the next slide. On our fourth quarter earnings call in February, we outlined our commitment to resolving some key outstanding items. And in just 2 months, we've delivered on those priorities, including: Oncor receiving a constructive base rate review, supporting our view that Texas continues to be a very strong regulatory environment; taking FID and beginning construction at our LNG development project at Port Arthur, which sets the stage for additional growth at Sempra Infrastructure; announcing a record 5-year capital plan at Sempra of $40 billion, anchored by Oncor's new $19 billion capital plan; and issuing our 2024 EPS guidance range.  As we look ahead, we continue to prioritize creating value for our shareholders while supporting our customers. To deliver on this commitment, we're focused on the following: receiving a constructive outcome on our ongoing rate cases in California by the middle of next year, which will pave the way for the next 4 years of expanded investments in safety, reliability and sustainability; executing on our strategy of building modern energy networks underpinned by our new record 5-year capital plan; and continuing to capture incremental capital opportunities at Sempra Infrastructure from our growing development pipeline of LNG and other large-scale infrastructure projects.  As I've talked about this before, delivering in these areas provides enhanced visibility to future growth and, coupled with our strong position in highly attractive markets, gives us confidence in our ability to create meaningful value for our shareholders through the end of this decade.  With that, this concludes our prepared remarks. And we will now stop and open the line to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just a couple of quick ones here. Just on -- are you including any outcomes in Texas legislation as we've seen build advances, any of this in your '23 or '24 numbers? And I guess, how quickly would you seek to adjust the plans and filings to reflect any changes from legislators, especially items that reduce ROE lag or implement a resiliency planning framework, et cetera?
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Shar. Our approach has been to basically put together a 2023 update as well as a 2024 plan. It contemplates a number of outcomes. And I would say, independent of those outcomes in Texas, we would stick to the same plan we have on The Street now.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. But so the Texas legislation is not in the numbers, I just wanted to confirm that.
Jeffrey Martin: Our current expectation, and we're going to -- we don't want to front-run the legislature, is that we do get some constructive outcomes. And we expect that the DCRF benefit, if it were to pass, is within the range and currently in the plan.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. And then just on the growth rate, as you guys start reaching COD on ECA and reaching full earnings run rates over '25 and '26 and Port Arthur in '27, 9% rate base growth in your 5-year plan and contributions from FID projects, cost of capital trips, I guess, you seem to have a lot more tailwinds than tail risks in that 6% to 8%. I guess, what are we missing? Are there other drags we should be thinking about?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, it's a great question. One of the things we've talked about internally is you would expect your earnings growth over time to pretty much track your capital growth over time. So that's one of the reasons we have a lot of confidence in that 6% to 8% range. But I would actually take the opportunity, Shar, to make two other comments here.  First, one of the things we oftentimes tell our investors are that our past financial results should be a good indicator of our future performance. I think you and I have had this conversation before. But over the past 10- and 20-year periods, we've consistently been able to grow our earnings per share at rates and the rates of roughly 7% to 8%. And even more recently, in the 5-year period, you'll recall that we've been able to grow our earnings per share at an annual growth rate of just over 10%.  So to your point, when you start looking forward, we have reaffirmed our 6% to 8% EPS growth rate. And I've always wanted to be very clear. It's not a quarter-by-quarter or year-over-year type of forecast. We're really truly focused, as you point out, on growing the business over the long term and particularly through the end of the decade.  So from my perspective as the CEO, I think the takeaway from today's call is that our announcement of a $40 billion capital plan makes us even more confident in our long-term forecast. And I would tell you through the end of the decade, given all the opportunities that are in front of us, and you outlined many of them, I would be disappointed if we didn't exceed the high end of that range.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. That's what I was trying to get at. Very clear cut, and congrats on the execution seriously.
Jeffrey Martin: Thanks, Shar. We appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Yes, a couple of questions. So just could you talk to your funding plan for the higher CapEx? And I guess, specifically, it looks like in the appendix that there's some additional shares in the '24 guide. Could you just talk to what's driving that and the like?
Jeffrey Martin: Sure, I'd be glad to. We've got Trevor with us. And maybe, Trevor, you could take a step back and give us an overview of the financing plan.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, sure, Jeff. I'd be happy to. So Steve, if you take back and you look over the last 5 years, we really have taken steps to strengthen our balance sheet and our credit metrics. And we did include kind of a summary in the appendix of the slide deck of each of the businesses on their credit carrying a stable outlook.  But as part of that process, we've also developed an efficient loading order when you look at seeing how we source the lowest cost of capital to fund these businesses. So first, we've taken concrete steps to simplify the business and then to sell non-core assets. And then we've recycled that into new investments. And that process really occurs on a routine basis.  Secondly, we do evaluate debt and equity at the project level. And Steve, a good example of that would be what we recently did at Port Arthur with that announcement, where we just circled over about $10 billion of third-party debt and equity.  And then third, we've also had success in efficiently raising capital at our operating companies. And there, you saw us do that with KKR and ADIA by bringing them into the capital structure of SI, which has allowed us to raise over $5 billion.  And then finally, we can always raise debt and equity at the parent level if we determine that's in the best interest of our shareholders. And so bottom line is we're always focused on financing growth that is most beneficial to our shareholders. And we're pretty excited about this capital plan that's in front of us.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. No, that's really helpful. But just specifically to the '24, the share count goes up. Is that some kind of plan for just like an ATM or something or...
Trevor Mihalik: No, I think that's just some of the shares that are -- we've got in the plan for employee benefit plans and other things like that, so...
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Got it. All right. That's very helpful. And then on Port Arthur, within the 2027, is it -- I mean, I know you're -- it's not like your stake is 25% and the like. But just is it -- is that first trained in for the whole year? Or does it not come until later in the year, so it's really not showing up in the last year of the plan yet?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, the way you thought about it, Steve, is train 1 comes online in 2027 with train 2 coming online in 2028. It would be -- it would not have a material impact on the 2027 number.
Steven Fleishman: Right. So we're still seeing this growth without really seeing the [indiscernible] at Port Arthur?
Jeffrey Martin: That's correct. And the way to think about that would be -- you're absolutely correct. And the way to think about that would be the full run rate for Phase 1 of Port Arthur would be in 2029.
Steven Fleishman: Got it. Okay, that's helpful.
Operator: Our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Look, let me just pick up on this earnings growth outlook here. And obviously, you guys gave us a '24 refresh here, nicely done. Should we expect growth in '25 to be maybe higher than the 6% to 8% range, given that, as you say, maybe 6% to 8% was a little less than '24? How do you think about the perhaps potential lumpiness of certain growth years? Or should we expect improvement to be maybe later-dated with LNG contributions, if you can expand on that?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, appreciate it. One of the comments I was making earlier was that we don't think about it in terms of quarters or years necessarily. The big issue that's needed to respond to you in 2025 is two things. It will be largely driven the outcome of our rate cases in California.  And as you know, a lot of people don't put out guidance when they mailed a rate case or have a rate case pending. We've included a reasonable set of expectations for 2024. But that outcome, Julien, will have a big impact on 2025. And the second thing I'd call your attention to is we're still forecasting kind of a half year convention for ECA Phase 1 with ECA expected to COD in the summer of that year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Yes, a lot of different moving pieces in the plan. Actually, if you can elaborate a little bit, you commented a little cryptically on Cameron, on perhaps reevaluating the timeline a little bit. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing on the inflationary front, labor, et cetera, to be able to get some of these LNG projects done?  Maybe a little bit of an updated timeline as you think to optimize that. And then related, I know there's been some challenges with the DOE here on extending timelines. Perhaps not entirely related, but I'm curious if you have any opinions on that related to the Cameron.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. Let me start with the policy shift, I think, that you're talking about. And I'll come back to the timing of some LNG projects and your inflationary question. So I'll take your second question first. You'll recall, Julien, that last year, the United States made a series of announcements with the EU and the United Kingdom about our country's support for their economic and energy security. We found that to be very constructive.  And more recently, that was updated at the G7 meeting, where the U.S. came forward and affirmed the importance of global LNG for energy security and climate goals. So I think the DOE was constructive in putting out both of those statements on behalf of the United States. We're certainly continuing to track the statements they've made here more recently. But our initial assessment is it highlights the significant value of derisked projects that are under construction or actively moving forward, like ECA Phase 1 and Port Arthur.  And it probably discourages projects that are not materially progressing. So based on our experience in the sector, the market and the regulators tend to coalesce around projects that have a higher likelihood of being successful. And we continue to have confidence that our projects, in particular, are well positioned relative to that standard.  On the issue of timelines, there's no question that interest expense and inflation and supply chain issues are impacting the whole industry. You would likewise expect that to be happening on the LNG side. But right now, we don't see any movement in terms of how we're thinking about future COD dates in some of our projects. But I thought it might be helpful to Justin to do two things. Maybe provide just a short update for Julien's benefit on Cameron expansion but also talk about the excitement you're seeing around interest in Port Arthur Phase 2.
Justin Bird: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Let me start with Cameron Phase 2. So Julien, I think importantly, we and the partners continue to advance the project. And there's a lot of excitement around this expansion at Cameron. As we noted, we received FERC's approval of our amendment and now have a fully permitted project. On the offtake side, we expect the Cameron partners will take their share. And as we've said before, we will share -- sell our share of volumes on a back-to-back basis.  The competitive FEED process does continue to advance. I think the way I would clarify is that if we and the partners see the opportunity to, most importantly, accelerate the expected start of commercial operations and thus the cash flows, while at the same time, reducing project risk and cost, we're willing to spend a little bit more time upfront and we would be willing to extend the competitive FEED process. I guess, on an overall basis, my statement would be we continue to advance it. It's a priority project. And I'd say we and the partners are very committed to bring this forth. We think it's a great project.  I would say in terms of Port Arthur Phase 2, we've already had a successful start. We talked about the FID. And I would say, building on that success, we're seeing strong interest in Phase 2 expansion, which will create significant scale in the Gulf Coast. So we're continuing to work on marketing. We're continuing to work on permitting and construction. And then once those three are wrapped up and we have commercial arrangements, we'll move forward to the financing phase. But lots of excitement around Port Arthur Phase 2 and basically I would say the business in general.
Jeffrey Martin: I would add to it as well, I made this comment we were talking about the policy issues from Washington. When you see projects like Phase 1 going forward, Julien, it's really been helpful to coalesce interest for Phase 2. So I think the thing that's really interesting is we're really drawing a lot of market interest for Phase 2 at this time.
Operator: Our next question will come from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just I have one quick clarification, hopefully. Trevor, just on the equity front, the plan through 2026, the former plan, you were very clear that there's no equity through 2026. And I appreciate you went through the different sources of financing in responding to Steve's question. Is that still the case through 2027 that is no equity? Or could we see equity at the Sempra consolidated level as you sort of advance through your capital plan? If you could just clarify that for us.
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. And Durgesh, I'll be glad to take that. I mean, Trevor spoke to this issue of kind of the loading order we use to source lowest cost of capital. And the way I think about it, Durgesh, is in the equity markets, right, you have some companies that are really strong as income-based equity stories, some are growth stories. I think what we've tried to do is stake out a position in the utility space as being one of the leading growth and income stories.  So when you think about all the options today with higher rates and the more competitive corporate yields, I think we're well positioned to continue to attract investor interest around our story today. We've just raised our capital plan $5 billion. We've got a track record of being very, very efficient in our financing.  You're referencing prior years, where our plan was smaller. And there was no scenario where we thought we were going to issue equity. And I think what we're telling you now is, we've got a very robust plan. And we're going to go through the same loading order that Trevor described and solve for what we might need in 2027 or 2025 because it's dynamic, right?  You've got issues changing in Texas in the legislation. You've got a dynamic situation now, where Phase 2 of Port Arthur and Cameron expansion is not currently in the capital plan. But right now, as we see it, we've got a really good plan to execute on. And we've got a track record of sourcing the lowest cost of capital. And we're doing this through the lens of what drives the most values to our owners. I think that's the best way to respond to your question.
Durgesh Chopra: That makes a ton of sense. I appreciate that clarification.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. Our last question will come from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan Securities.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to kind of pivot towards the zero solution -- net-zero solutions, as you talked about before, from SIP. And wondering what updated thoughts you have on that side post passage of the IRA, if Louisiana gets primacy in Class VI wells for CCS, just wondering if you could update us there as far as potential customer interest in these services.
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. Two things I'll mention, and I'll pass it to Justin to provide some overview of some of the projects we're looking at relating to the net-zero solutions business. One is something that I think is oftentimes overlooked is one of the most important bills that Biden administration passed earlier was the infrastructure bill, which really earmarks $8 billion or $9 billion for the formation of hydrogen hubs.  We've talked about that in Trevor's prepared remarks. That's something that's got a lot of excitement both in Texas and also here in California. And our utilities are a big part of promoting particularly, the L.A. Basin, as an opportunity for hydrogen hubs. So I think that's something outside of the SI business, where you're going to expect to see leadership from Sempra's utilities.  Relative to SI on the IRA bill, there are a number of things there that are helpful. Number one, it's really going to incent both solar and wind to come on to the system. That calls for more expansion of what we talked about in growth at Oncor as they look to basically meet the needs of extending transmission and distribution in their service territory.  But it also does a lot to help us in terms of our underground storage plans for carbon sequestration and also some of the hydrogen and green fuel opportunities that we're looking at in Sempra infrastructure. And maybe, Justin, you could talk about some of the progress that you're making on the development side.
Justin Bird: Yes, will do. Jeremy, let me start by talking a little bit about Hackberry carbon storage. So as Jeff mentioned, we are actively pursuing solutions to enable net-zero GHG emission goals for energy and industrial facilities, including our own LNG facilities. The foundational initiative really is Hackberry. This is located in Hackberry, Louisiana. And it's in development.  And it was intended to basically permanently sequester carbon dioxide from the Cameron LNG joint venture and potentially other industrial facilities in Southwest Louisiana and Southwest Texas. As you mentioned, we have filed an application with EPA for Class VI. Louisiana is working with EPA about primacy. And we have announced a participation agreement with our Cameron LNG partners.  And look, IRA is important. The $50 per ton to $85 per ton will support this project. We're also looking at potentially developing carbon sequestration and capture around the Port Arthur facility. So we think there's opportunities to not just reduce carbon output of our own facilities but potentially expand that to some of those other industrial facilities in the region.  On hydrogen hub, and I'll be brief, so we're looking at a lot of early-stage efforts. We are participating in three separate hubs that have been encouraged and have filed applications with the DOE. One is around the Port of Corpus Christi, another in the Gulf and others in Texas and Louisiana. So we are looking for opportunities to support hydrogen as one of the many clean molecules that we think will fuel the future.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And just kind of...
Jeffrey Martin: Go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Unless you had anything else to add there, I was just going to pivot to another question.
Jeffrey Martin: No, please go ahead to the next question.
Jeremy Tonet: And I was just pipping towards California here, how might efforts around income-based electric charges influence your affordability work in California? And is there anything unique about SDG&E's service story here that we should be thinking about relative to the other California IOUs?
Jeffrey Martin: I don't think so. I mean, obviously, we currently have the lowest bills in the state relative to the other two investor-owned utilities. Part of that is we benefit from more moderate climate. But we've got kind of a three-part program that we're currently pursuing. And I would just -- I'm going to pass it to Kevin to address this in a second. He's our Group President for California.  But one thing I would tell you that I think is important to remember, we're most successful when our customers are succeeding. And I will tell you that affordability is top of mind for our management team. This has been a tough 2- or 3-year period, where we've seen the cost of living increase. Inflation doesn't just impact the businesses, it impacts consumers.  So part of our social compact with our local community is we need to demonstrate every day how hard we're working to maintain low cost and that we're going to bat for them and looking for new and better ways to improve the affordability of our services. I think we're pretty excited about some of the programs we have underway. There's a lot more work to be done. But Kevin, perhaps you could summarize kind of the three-pronged attack that we have on affordability.
Kevin Sagara: Yes. Thank you for that, Jeff. Yes, it's definitely a three-pronged attack, really focused around cost control, obtaining funding from parties other than our customers and rate reform. You mentioned the fixed charge effort, Jeremy. On the O&M front, we need to continue to be laser-focused on controlling costs and improving efficiency by streamlining and automating various business processes to gain efficiencies.  And this includes digitizing everything. A good example of how our culture of embracing technology translates to savings for our customers would be in the wildfire mitigation area, where our industry-leading program directly translates to significantly lower insurance premiums.  A second focus would be around sourcing funds from outside our customers, like programs under the infrastructure bill. Trevor mentioned some of this in his remarks. We can seek funds outside of our customers, like the infrastructure bill, investment tax credits and other sources of federal funding and advocating for use of securitization as a tool to spread the cost of certain programs over more years.  And the third area of focus would be pushing for meaningful rate reform to make our customer bills more predictable, affordable and equitable. Examples of this would be advocating for the fixed charge for which there is an open proceeding currently at the CPUC and removing the public purpose program charges from our bills and into the state's general fund. So we always need to be laser-focused on affordability. And we have a number of work streams currently underway.
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, the only thing I would add, too, Jeremy, is I think this affordability issue, particularly around this fixed charge that you referenced, what the state really wants to get to is a transition toward higher levels of electrification, particularly in the transportation space. And by moving to a fixed charge, it has the benefit of lowering the rate for electricity. And it makes it more competitive against the fuels that you see in transportation.  So I think you've got several things taking place there, where we have a variety of programs which are intended to limit cost to consumers but also make electricity more competitive. And Sempra here in California and in Texas is strongly supporting electrification.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Jeff Martin for any additional closing remarks.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I'd just like to close by thanking everyone for joining today. I know we've got a lot of feedback through a lot of other competing calls this morning. So we appreciate everyone taking the time to join our call. Per custom, if there are any follow-up items, please take the time to reach out to our Investor Relations team with any additional questions. So this concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-28 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to Sempra’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn it over to Glen Donovan. Please go ahead.
Glen Donovan: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Sempra’s fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation are available on our website under the Investors section. Here in San Diego, we have several members of our management team with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Kevin Sagara, Executive Vice President and Group President; Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; and other members of our senior management team. Before starting, I’d like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company’s most recent 10-K filed with the SEC. Earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. I’d also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only of today, February 28, 2023 and it’s important to note that the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 4 and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Glen and thank you all for joining us today. We are pleased with our accomplishments in 2022 and in large measure it gives us added confidence in our future performance. In 2023, we will be celebrating our 25th anniversary and across our management team, we are pursuing future opportunities with a lot of optimism. For purposes of today’s call, I will provide summary comments on our performance recap our business strategy and frame our success in terms of our accomplishments over the last half decade. Then Trevor and Justin will review our business and financial accomplishments in greater detail and we will reserve time for your questions. Let me start with Sempra Infrastructure. In 2022, the United States reached an important milestone as an energy exporter. It was the first year that our country became the top exporter of liquefied natural gas, or LNG, while also leading the LNG industry and new offtake contracts that support future development. This supports our view that U.S. LNG exports will more than double by the end of the decade. At Sempra Infrastructure, we built an exciting backlog of LNG development projects that are expected to support that forecasted growth. As one example, Sempra Infrastructure signed more long-term SPAs and HOAs for LNG offtake in the fourth quarter of 2022 than any other market participant. In part, this has allowed us to stay on track in meeting our goal of taking a final investment decision on Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 before the end of the quarter. Outside of our LNG business, we see the continued need to expand and modernize North America’s energy networks, particularly in California and Texas. There is a common opportunity set in front of each of our business platforms focused on investments in modern energy infrastructure that accelerate electrification and the transition to cleaner fuels. We expect significant opportunities for investment across all three growth platforms and are affirming our full year 2023 and EPS guidance range of $8.60 to $9.20. Additionally, on the basis of this future opportunity set, we are reiterating our long-term forecast of a 6% to 8% compounded annual EPS growth rate. Consistent with our past practice, our long-term forecast uses the midpoint of current year guidance and is anchored by strong projected rate base growth at our California and Texas utilities. Given Encore’s ongoing rate case, I also want to note that we plan to share an updated 5-year capital plan as well as our EPS guidance range for 2024 on our first quarter earnings call. Please turn to the next slide. At Sempra, our high-performance culture, one that is centered around safety and operational excellence, is the foundation for delivering on our mission to build a premier North American energy infrastructure company. Our corporate strategy guides our business activities and continues to be validated by the strength of our overall financial performance. In recent years, we have grown the business, strengthened the balance sheet, delivered an attractive dividend and meaningfully increased our rate base, which continues to be a principal driver in our future growth. Looking ahead, our team is excited about the future in part is because we expect our culture and commitment to excellence will continue creating value through the end of the decade as we extend our position as a leader in the markets we serve and continue to invest in our employees. Please turn to the next slide. Since 2017, we’ve executed on our strategy to simplify our business model, build our leadership position in some of the largest economic markets in North America and improve our financial performance. We’ve streamlined our portfolio, exited non-core businesses and extended our regulated utility footprint into Texas by acquiring an ownership stake in Oncor and InfraREIT. Through this strategic repositioning, we’ve been successful in creating greater scale across our franchise and new growth opportunities. To add context around our financial accomplishments since 2017, we have doubled our adjusted earnings, significantly exceeded a compound annual EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%, increased our combined utility rate base in California and Texas by 300%, all while supporting our balance sheet and maintaining a balanced 50-50 capital structure. It’s also important to note that our commitment to this more simplified business strategy has resulted in a strengthened market position, improved business mix, enhanced quality of cash flows and perhaps, most importantly, improved visibility to future growth. Today, in many ways, it is pride in our past that gives us confidence in our future is from Sempra’s rich tradition of serving others that we understand our role in society and how we can best meet the expectations of a growing list of stakeholders. While much has changed over the last quarter century, our vision delivering energy with purpose has remained constant as we embrace each new challenge as an opportunity to create innovative forward-looking solutions. To be clear, this is an important time for our company. At Sempra, we understand that modern energy infrastructure is a great enabler of prosperity, health and well-being for billions of people around the world. That is why Sempra is pursuing the dual opportunities of advancing decarbonization and helping to deliver energy security globally, all while improving the resiliency of how we deliver energy in our core markets. With that, I will turn the call over to Trevor to discuss business and financial updates.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. What we would like to do is update you on three things. First, I will provide business updates on Sempra California and Sempra Texas then Justin will discuss Sempra Infrastructure, including notable progress on our LNG export projects, and then I’ll wrap up with a review of our financial results. Let me start with Sempra California. Community safety is a core tenet of our culture, and I’m proud to highlight that in 2022, SDG&E completed the hardening of 100% of its Tier 3 high-fire threat district transmission infrastructure. This has been long journey that reflects the dedicated efforts of our employees, extending across more than a decade and have significantly improved community safety. In November, SDG&E received a final decision from the CPUC maintaining its 2022 cost of capital rates of return. In December, SDG&E and SoCalGas received a final decision authorizing the 2023 cost of capital, which preserved both companies’ equity layers at 52% and updated SDG&E’s and SoCalGas’ ROE to 9.95% and 9.8%, respectively, through 2025. Last year, we announced the Angeles Link hydrogen proposal. In December, SoCalGas received CPUC approval to establish a memorandum account that allows the company to track the costs of performing Phase 1 feasibility studies. This is an important milestone in evaluating new opportunities to advance California’s decarbonization goals. Moreover, the CPUC directed SoCalGas to include this as part of California’s application to the U.S. Department of Energy for Hydrogen Hub federal funding. SoCalGas believes Angeles Link has the potential to serve a significant strategic role in supporting the build-out of a full scale Hydrogen Hub and the transition to a green hydrogen economy in Southern California. As proposed, this would be one of the largest hydrogen infrastructure hubs in the U.S. and would support the decarbonization of hard to electrify sectors in the Greater Los Angeles region, which is one of the largest manufacturing areas in the country. Also, SDG&E and SoCalGas are working closely with their customers and regulators to help mitigate the impacts of unusually high winter prices for natural gas, which has been a challenge all across the western region of the country. From the state of Washington to Wyoming and Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico and California, the Western region experienced a difficult price environment. Fortunately, natural gas prices across the country have dropped more than 65% since December. And here in Southern California, our utilities have also seen price declines in recent weeks and expect that trend to continue, some materials from a recent CPUC on bank as well as a summary of the programs that SDG&E and SoCalGas have in place to support their customers, are included in the appendix of today’s presentation. Finally, the ongoing general rate cases at SDG&E and SoCalGas established the foundation for meeting the future needs of our customers. It is also important to note that our filings are well aligned with the state’s clean energy, safety and reliability goals, and we expect a proposed decision in the second quarter of 2024 with retroactive treatment to the beginning of the year. Moving to Sempra Texas, I am happy to report that Oncor achieved strong employee safety results in 2022, which is a testament to the high-performing culture and operational excellence at our Texas platform. In fact, in a year marked by extreme weather, Oncor had a nearly 5% improvement in its SAIDI reliability score. On the transmission side, Oncor set another company record with 280 new annual interconnection requests in 2022, which is a 30% increase compared to 2021. To put this into context, 2021 was also a record year for the company, which as you think about it, further underscores the scale of growth that continues to come on Oncor system. In 2022, Oncor built or hardened nearly 2,000 miles of T&D lines across its service territory and connected over 2,000 megawatts of wind and solar generation to the grid. By the end of 2022, cumulative connections to Oncor system totaled over 18,000 megawatts of wind and solar generation, representing nearly 40% of ERCOT’s total wind and solar resources. The momentum of transmission and distribution growth this year was driven by continued high demand for renewables and strong demographic and premise growth across Encore service territory. Oncor’s rate case is on the PUCT open meeting agenda for March 9, and we expect a final order to be voted out in the next 4 to 6 weeks. Oncor has a track record of working constructively with the regulators for the benefit of its customers and to advance the key public policy priorities of the state. In part, these considerations support our view that Oncor will receive a constructive rate case outcome. Since the public proceedings are ongoing, Oncor has not unveiled their new capital plan. In conjunction with its final rate case, Oncor expects to review an updated capital plan with its Board. Afterwards, as Jeff mentioned earlier, we expect to publish our updated 5-year capital plan, which will most likely occur on our first quarter earnings call. I will turn it over to Justin to provide updates for Sempra Infrastructure and progress on development at Port Arthur Phase 1 and Cameron LNG Phase 2.
Justin Bird: Thanks, Trevor. I’m excited about Sempra Infrastructure’s recent accomplishments and want to highlight some of our key achievements. Sempra Infrastructure has seen a solid year of commercial activity with robust LNG, cross-border renewables and pipeline infrastructure demand, creating a foundation for future growth. During the year, Sempra Infrastructure brought assets online within its Clean Power and Energy Networks businesses, while operations at its Cameron LNG Phase 1 terminal exceeded production targets. On the Pacific Coast, we continue to expect ECA LNG Phase 1 commercial operations to commence in the summer of 2025. Also, both ECA LNG Phase 2 and Vista Pacifico LNG received DOE approvals to re-export U.S.-sourced natural gas from Mexico in the form of LNG to non-free trade agreement countries. Please turn to the next slide. As you all know, we continue to advance our strategy of building out a dual market platform that allows us to efficiently deliver LNG to customers in the Atlantic and Pacific regions. To that end, I am excited to say we have completed the marketing phase for Port Arthur LNG Phase 1. We have carefully structured this development project to reduce risk by fully contracting the long-term offtake securing a fixed price EPC and identifying world-class development partners. In November 2022, we announced the execution of definitive agreements with ConocoPhillips, pursuant to which they would acquire a 30% ownership interest in Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 and take 5 MTPA of offtake from the project. In January, we announced that Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 was fully subscribed at 10.5 Mtpa of definitive long-term take-or-pay contracts with world-class counterparties. We also have a fixed price turnkey EPC contract with arguably the most experienced LNG EPC provider in the U.S., Bechtel. With the completion of marketing and execution of the EPC contract, we’re now focused on finalizing the project level debt and equity financing. On the basis of the current financing efforts that are underway, we aim to efficiently raise lower-cost capital and protect Sempra Infrastructure’s investment-grade balance sheet. We are targeting Sempra Infrastructure Partners’ ownership in the project of between 20% and 30% with ConocoPhillips owning 30% and the balance being sold in the form of a non-controlling interest to one or more investors. This is an exciting project. In this initial phase, we’re aiming to generate equity returns in the mid-teens while preserving Sempra Infrastructure’s investment grade rating and reducing our equity contributions to the project. As we approach FID, we continue to focus on striking the right balance of efficient financing, risk mitigation and retention of upside from future project cash flows and earnings. Over the past decade, we’ve successfully built LNG export and other large infrastructure facilities, demonstrating our deep development expertise and capabilities to build world-class infrastructure. I believe this experience serves us well as we aim to bring Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 to FID through construction and ultimately to commercial operations as we execute on our goal of delivering cleaner, more secure U.S. natural gas to global markets. Please turn to the next slide. Turning to Cameron LNG Phase 2. As a reminder, this project is also competitively positioned on the Gulf Coast to export LNG to Europe and Asia. And given that as a brownfield facility, it has a distinct advantage to produce competitively priced LNG. The expansion project remains on track as we advance our key work streams. We outlined last year that our activities are focused primarily on completing the FERC amendment, advancing marketing efforts with the goal of securing long-term offtake agreements and completing the competitive feed process. On the regulatory front, the FERC commitment process that supports the transition from gas turbines to electric drives is progressing well. We received the environmental assessment from FERC citing no adverse impact, which is a positive step toward securing the final authorizations. Turning to marketing. 100% of the expected offtake is subscribed under HOAs our existing partners will take their 50% of production and SI’s 50% of volumes is already subscribed under existing HOAs on a back-to-back basis. Next, on engineering, as we have talked about in the past, we’re running a competitive feed process between Bechtel and a JGC Zahra joint venture. This process is on track to be completed in the summer of this year, and we would expect to make a final investment decision shortly thereafter. Please turn to the next slide, where I’ll turn it back over to Trevor to discuss Sempra’s financial results.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Justin. Turning to Sempra’s financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter 2022 GAAP earnings of $438 million or $1.39 per share. This compares to fourth quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $604 million or $1.90 per share. On an adjusted basis, fourth quarter 2022 earnings were $743 million or $2.35 per share. This compares to our fourth quarter 2021 earnings of $688 million or $2.16 per share. Full year 2022 GAAP earnings were $2.94 billion or $6.62 per share. This compares to 2021 GAAP earnings of $1.254 billion or $4.01 per share. On an adjusted basis, full year 2022 earnings were $2.915 billion or $9.21 per share. This compares favorably to our previous full year 2021 adjusted earnings of $2.637 billion or $8.43 per share. As a reminder, 2022 includes the minority interest sale of Sempra Infrastructure to ADIA that closed in June of 2022. Even after considering this minority interest sale, our strong performance and growing adjusted earnings demonstrate our ability to generate value for our shareholders while providing safe and reliable service to our customers. Please turn to the next slide. The variance in full year 2022 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year can be summarized by the following: at Sempra California, $161 million of higher earnings from higher CPUC base operating margin, net of higher operating expenses at SDG&E and SoCalGas and $46 million of higher flow-through items related to repairs deduction allowances and self-developed software and other items recorded as a reduction to income tax at SDG&E, partially offset by $52 million of higher net interest expense primarily due to higher debt balances at SDG&E and SoCalGas. At Sempra Texas Utilities, $120 million of higher equity earnings primarily due to rate updates at Oncor to reflect increases in invested capital, higher consumption and customer growth. And at Sempra Infrastructure, $160 million of higher earnings driven by excess production at Cameron LNG Phase 1 and strong production from existing energy networks and clean power assets as well as new assets placed into service and $110 million of higher income tax benefits, partially offset by $250 million of lower earnings driven by the sale of our minority interest in Sempra Infrastructure. Please turn to the next slide. As we near the end of our prepared remarks today, I’d like to take this opportunity to bring this all together and highlight Sempra’s investment proposition. We’ve built a high-performing energy infrastructure company that is well positioned in some of North America’s most attractive markets. We’re focused on strategically deploying capital in what we believe is within the higher-value, lower-risk portion of the energy value chain and provides significant visibility to growth and shareholder value. At our utilities, this year, we will continue to be focused on advancing our rate cases, which center around making the needed investments to further safety, reliability and decarbonization to serve customers. For Sempra Infrastructure, we’re nearing FID for a large-scale LNG project in Texas, dedicated to helping provide energy security to our country’s allies and directly supporting the energy transition. With that said, at Sempra, there are a number of open items to be completed this spring, including finalizing the Oncor base rate case and taking FID on Port Arthur Phase 1. That is why, as mentioned earlier, we plan to update our 5-year capital plan on our first quarter earnings call in May and also expect to issue our EPS guidance for 2024 at that time. Our work today gives us confidence in our ability to continue the build-out of one of the largest and most competitive energy networks in North America. By advancing our position as a leader in technology and innovation, we are better positioned to serve customers and create value for our shareholders. That’s why today, we’re announcing the approval by our Board of Directors of a quarterly dividend of $1.19 per common share, a projected annualized dividend of $4.76. We look forward to continuing our commitment to creating and returning value to our owners by building the energy networks of the future. And with that, this concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now stop and open the line to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys.
Jeff Martin: Hi, good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, Jeff. Just maybe just more broadly on the 6% to 8% growth CAGR from the ‘23 midpoint based. I mean I guess the question is the cadence of growth that is embedded in that long-term CAGR. And the reason why I ask is the ‘22 to ‘23 original midpoints reflect 6% growth in ‘23. And obviously, we don’t have ‘24 guidance today. So do you anticipate some step-up in growth with maybe regulatory outcomes, SIP projects reaching commercial operations and getting some clarity on the upwards cost of capital revision in California as we move further in plan?
Jeff Martin: Sure. Let me provide some context here. You did mention the step up from ‘22 to ‘23, which was about 9.25% growth. I’ll give you a couple of things that I think will help you on this. One is when you look back over the last 1, 5, 10, 20-year periods of financial performance, we’ve delivered EPS growth in the range of 6% to 8% or higher. In fact, over the last 5-year, Shar, we’ve delivered a compound annual growth rate of right at around 11%. So I would also note, over those same periods of time, we’ve outperformed our sector in total shareholder returns. Second, harking back to 2022, as you alluded to, our 5-year capital plan we launched last year was our largest ever at $36 billion. And you’ll recall that over 90% of those dollars were allocated toward meeting our expected rate base growth. And we certainly – we think that will continue to be a big driver across the balance of the decade. But one of the reasons we have so much confidence in our long-term growth rate is because now we really have improved visibility to a portfolio of growth opportunities at Sempra Infrastructure over the same period. So we feel very good about our 6% to 8% growth rate. I think that we’ve demonstrated over a long period of time we have the ability inside this organization to grow at a rate faster than that. And we’ve certainly done that in the last 12 months than we’ve done it over the last 5 years.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And Jeff, just – I was actually referring to the original midpoint on ‘22 from ‘23. But I appreciate, thank you for that clarity. Just on the ‘23 guide, I just want to make sure, is there – is it inclusive of sort of the headwinds around O&M, interest rates, cost of capital that we just saw in California. Just trying to get a sense a better idea of what’s in and what’s upside to ‘23 and whether there is any tail risks out there that we should be concerned about? Or is it just the fact that you want these events to close?
Jeff Martin: Yes. I think it’s a combination of both. You’ll recall that when we set our 2023 guidance last February. We’ve come back 12 months later, we’ve affirmed that guidance. When you look at the 2022 results, obviously, it was record adjusted EPS for our company, really had strong safety results, strong operational results, executed a $7.8 billion capital plan, which we’re really very pleased with. But I would note to your point, as we look to 2023, we are going to manage some headwinds, right? Number one, you referenced one of them which is the ROEs and our California utilities were adjusted down by 25 basis points. We are operating in a higher interest rate environment. Number three, and Trevor mentioned this one, non-controlling interest at Sempra Infrastructure today is 10% higher than it was at this time last year. And we’re managing some different potential outcomes associated with the Oncor base review. That said, the reason we’re confident about our 2023 numbers, and we’re going to work hard to beat them is. We have a great plan of execution. It causes us to have a lot of confidence in our guidance. And I would also mention to your earlier question, we have a visibility to one of our largest portfolios of opportunities in the future, and that’s why we feel very good about the 6% to 8% growth rate.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. And then just lastly on the LNG side, Jeff, as you’re getting closer to ECO COD, can you just maybe talk about how the economics of that project kind of stack up in the context of SIP similar returns and earnings contribution, pro rata versus chem or there sort of some headwinds from the inflationary pressures, interest rates, etcetera, more broadly. So how would the economics? Is that in line with other projects, especially Port Arthur as the next step is, that’s the next big one.
Jeff Martin: Well, thank you. We’re certainly excited about Port Arthur. I noted in Justin’s prepared remarks, I think he used the word exciting 4 or 5x. I think it reflects our excitement inside the company. As Sempra Infrastructure, you’ve followed us for a long time, Shar. We tend to be very disciplined in how we allocate capital between shareholder distributions and new projects like Port Arthur. Sempra Infrastructure typically targets high single-digit to low double-digit unlevered returns. And we mentioned in our prepared remarks that we do this with the goal of maintaining portfolio equity returns in the mid-teens. We’re very excited. I think one of the things Justin talked about is, we think we can give this project on time and on budget. But given the positive interest in the marketplace for the project, I would tell you the returns that I decided we think, are very reasonable. But 1 thing it’s worth our audience tracking, which is we also expect to retain certain preferences and economics and the sell-down of our equity and asset optimization initiatives like you’ve seen us do around debottlenecking, expansion projects and gas supply that could give us returns at levels well higher than our normal target.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. Thank you, guys so much. Appreciate it. I will see you soon.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Thanks for joining the call.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Nicholas Campanella from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Nicholas Campanella: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Jeff Martin: Good morning.
Nicholas Campanella: Good morning. Hey, I just wanted to round out the conversation on just how to think about growth past ‘23. When we think about the EPS CAGR off the ‘23 midpoint, does that already incorporate the 5-year CapEx view you’ll give us on the first quarter? Does it assume anything for LNG development on top of ECA such as funding for Port Arthur and Cameron 2. Can you just give us a sense of how the next update can affect growth considerations? Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I appreciate the question. I would remind folks that we brought back our 5-year forecast back in 2021. The convention we’ve adopted over the last several years has been to work off the midpoint of our current year guidance, which we announced today we feel very solid about our 6% to 8% growth rate. And really, that’s looking at the roll forward capital plan from last year of about $36 billion. I think what’s exciting for us is we have the opportunity to improve that forecast. Certainly, Phase 1 of Port Arthur is important. And Allen and his team are doing a really good job of managing our rate case outcomes in Texas. So I would just say that, that 6% to 8% growth rate is something that looks conservative relative to our past performance. And I will tell you that one of the things we talked a little bit in my prepared remarks about how we have repositioned the business over the last 5 years, what’s unique today is our visibility into future growth is better than it has been in the past. So, we want to get through a couple of big events here in the spring and come back with a more robust capital plan by our May call, and we look forward to having that conversation in greater detail.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. Thanks a lot for that. And then I just wanted to ask just capital allocation question. The dividend increase is 3.9%. We just noticed that maybe a little light compared to what you kind of executed on historically. Can you just give us a sense of what’s driving that? How you are thinking about capital allocation regarding the dividend? And then also the buyback that you outlined last year, just given you have all these new growth opportunities in front of you that would be great. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Yes. That’s a great question. I will tell you, one of the things that really differentiates good companies from average companies is how disciplined you are in capital allocation. And I will tell you, we certainly understand the importance of dividend to our investors, and that’s why we have consistently grown it over the last 12 years. Our Board has established a projected payout ratio for us between 50% and 60%. What we announced today falls in the 53% range. And I would make a comment that over the last 10 years, we have averaged roughly a 7% increase to our dividend, which we feel great about. But remember, too, that we are investing in our businesses to support organic growth, and that is our most important initiative. And over our history, I think most people would say our focus has been on investing in opportunities to grow our business while balancing that with returning capital to shareholders, just like you talked about. So, you have seen us return capital in the form of share repurchases, and we have also been fairly aggressive about returning capital in the form of a dividend. So, I guess my concluding point would be in combination, that dividend growth and the planned growth we have in front of the company, we think this strategy has resulted in the relative outperformance of Sempra stock over the last 1-year, 5-year, 10-year and 20-year period relative to our index. We are committed to disciplined capital allocation in a strategic manner that results in increase in shareholder value. It is certainly a priority to our management team.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. And then if I could just sneak one last one in. Just the NCI sale around Port Arthur, can you just kind of give us a sense of how we should think about that timeline? Do you have to take FID first and then pursue it? Just how should investors think about that?
Jeff Martin: Yes. I would say we focused on really the last two remaining items that we are working on right now is focusing on lined up our non-recourse debt and also the sell-down of equity, right. And I think if you think about historically, what we have communicated about how we finance projects. We do step one, we look at project level debt is non-recourse to our owners. Two, we leverage the benefit of partners at the project level. We are very pleased to have ConocoPhillips play in that role in Port Arthur. Third, we use capital calls from our partners at separate infrastructure partners. We have got ADIA and KKR and the capital structure and they are going to have an important role in helping us move this project forward. And then finally, as we are doing now, we look to bring in new sources of private equity capital to sell down our interest. So, for us, it’s all about striking the right numbers to take FID, and you should expect us to execute in a way that economizers calls on our equity while striking the right balance of efficient financing, risk mitigation and retention of upside from future project cash flows.
Nicholas Campanella: Thanks for all the color. Appreciate it.
Jeff Martin: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Hi Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey. Good afternoon Jeff. Good afternoon Trevor.
Trevor Mihalik: How are you doing?
Anthony Crowdell: Good. Hopefully, two easy ones. And I guess – I don’t know if you mentioned it in Shar’s question, but Slide 14, you guys talk about maybe basis differential in the Western gas market. Is that an investment opportunity for either the regulated utilities or SIP?
Jeff Martin: I would go back to a couple of first principles here, which is we are very focused on building an infrastructure company. It’s one of the reasons that we talked about the reposition of this business back in 2018 really around being an infrastructure business and really removing non-core assets and commodities from our business model. So, in the Western region right now, we are focused on working through this Western region gas event. And certainly, we are trying to do that from a customer perspective. We have been relatively aggressive about trying to ensure we are making the appropriate announcements to our customers and put some good programs in place. But no, we are not pursuing a basis differential opportunity. But I would think it might be helpful, Justin, talk about how we think about your asset position, particularly in Texas, Louisiana and Mexico.
Justin Bird: Yes, sure. Thanks Jeff. I think – and I will hark into something that you said earlier, Jeff, that as a starting point, SI is really focused on long-term contracted cash flows from our infrastructure projects in Louisiana, Texas and Mexico. And I think there is two important points to remember there. One, we don’t own infrastructure in the Western U.S. and two we work to avoid commodity exposure. As you think about ECA LNG in Baja, as you recall, when we took FID decision in 2020, we essentially leased transportation capacity that would allow natural gas to be delivered from the producing basins both in Texas and New Mexico to the project when it comes online in 2025. And in the interim, we look to offset those costs by utilizing that capacity to deliver gas to customers. But given our infrastructure focus, we do this by conservatively hedging our position well in advance, which reduces our market exposure. And you will notice, as you look in the ‘22 earnings on a GAAP basis, as a result of those hedges, we have unrealized mark-to-market losses of over $300 million, which represents the difference between our conservative hedges and the market price. So again, as an infrastructure company, we prefer to optimize recurring infrastructure cash flows and minimize our exposure to changes in commodity prices, essentially exchanging price volatility to get recurring cash flows. And I think you will see that trend continue. We are focused on long-term recurring cash flows from credit where the offtakers and that will be our focus at SI.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then if I could just follow-up probably also to you, Justin, on the Port Author Phase 1, enter the EPC contract, $10.5 billion fixed price. If you could just give us some more color maybe on the contract. Is there cost-plus agreement or any commodity exposure that maybe SIP or Sempra has with Bechtel, and I will leave it there?
Justin Bird: Yes. Thanks Anthony. So yes, as we have said, that contract is for $10.5 billion. It is a fixed price. There is some escalation components in that as we move towards issuing a final notice to proceed. I think importantly, let me emphasize again, we are very proud of our selection of Bechtel. They have a history of building projects, LNG projects in the Gulf that have all been on-time, on-budget and have importantly provided production numbers in excess of what was guaranteed. As we look at our specific EPC contract, there are some very small pieces of that, that would float. But again, we have a contingency in place as does Bechtel to handle those adjustments. So, I think again, looking to Bechtel’s history, they delivered on-time, on-budget, under fixed price EPC contract. So, we are very comfortable with the contract. And again, I will use my word again, I can’t tell you how excited we are as we move towards FID prior to the end of this quarter.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks so much. Congratulations on the great quarter.
Jeff Martin: Thanks Anthony.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rich Sunderland: Hi. Good morning. It’s actually Rich Sunderland on for Jeremy. Thank you for the time today.
Jeff Martin: Hey Rich.
Rich Sunderland: Sticking with some of the LNG questions here, I know in the past on the growth rate you have had LNG in the plan. And obviously, the business has changed a lot since then. I believe Port Arthur was upside to the growth rate last year. Just curious if that’s still the case this year, or is Port Arthur now baked in as you approach FID.
Jeff Martin: Yes, it’s a great question. We are going to update our roll forward 5-year capital plan later this spring. Currently, we are working off of the plan we rolled out last year. We don’t simply put projects in our plan unless they have reached FID. So, I would view Port Arthur as an upside to our long-term opportunities.
Rich Sunderland: Got it. Very clear. Thank you. And then looking across a range of future LNG projects, are you seeing more interest from Asian buyers versus European buyers for incremental offtake, curious where interest stands?
Jeff Martin: Yes. I would tell you the answer is both, right. So, you have gone through a really unique situation in Europe. Most of the contracts for Phase 1 are being launched off the basis of Europe. But I would also note in the Washington Post a few days ago, they talked about the highest ever approval rate for coal plants in China where they are launching 106 gigawatts of new coal plants. That’s 82 new plants going into service. And between China and India, they burn about 70% of all the coal in the world. So, there is a big opportunity for energy insecurity in Asia. The long-term market opportunity remains an Asian opportunity. And the great news is we have got a platform that allows us to dispatch efficiently into the Atlantic and the Pacific. And I think that’s one of the things that offtakers are excited about doing business with Sempra because of that.
Rich Sunderland: Great. Thanks for the time today.
Jeff Martin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from Craig Shere from Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Jeff Martin: Hi Craig.
Craig Shere: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. So, I am often accused of getting over my skis, especially on LNG. But looking past PA1 and Cameron 2, first, could you discuss the logical pecking order at this time between Port Arthur 2, Vista Pacifico and ECA2.
Jeff Martin: Sure, Craig. I will pass that to Justin, and maybe you can provide some view in terms of how you are thinking about the loading order for development.
Justin Bird: Yes. Thanks Jeff. And Craig, I am never going to assume you don’t have a lot of LNG experience. So, thanks for your question. I think as you look at the pecking order, again, it can always change. As you will note, about this time last year, the war in Ukraine changed, what we thought was, our pecking order at that time. But as I think about our opportunities going forward, let me start with Port Arthur Phase 2. I think there is a lot of excitement around a second phase at Port Arthur, would be brownfield, would clearly benefit from sharing of common facilities. And as I think about that development, there is a few key work streams, which again, is consistent with Craig, how we have always discussed about how we move forward our LNG projects. First, permitting, Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 has an application in the FERC and the FERC order is pending. Second is commercial. We have MOUs for volumes out of Phase 2 and are discussions with many parties to fill any outstanding volumes. Engineering and construction, we are in discussions with Bechtel about continuous construction and optimizing that process. And as we always do, we are engaged with the credit rating agencies to make sure as we think about financing these opportunities, we find them the most efficient way to finance taking into account credit and returns. So, that’s kind of Port Arthur. If you ask me the pecking order, I think the second phase at Port Arthur would be next. As we think about Vista Pacifico, I think you are seeing some exciting developments there as we continue to work with the Mexican government and with CFE about really optimizing supply there. There is a lot of interest, as you might expect, given it’s out of the Pacific Coast. And as we think about ECA LNG Phase 2, I think you have seen some also exciting developments. If you recall, we recently got our non-FTA permits for both Vista and ECA. The other thing that you may have noticed is we had an MOU that we announced with CFE and Carso, which would be an opportunity to bring additional gas volumes to the Baha area, which could expedite the development of ECA LNG Phase 2. So again, I hate to be the being accused of saying excited too much, but I think there are exciting opportunities in the rest of our LNG portfolio.
Craig Shere: Great. And that kind of tees up a little bit my second question here. I guess on a macro basis in the United States, I am wondering, Justin, if you have some feel for after remarkable prior 12 months of contracting, what we might see in terms of a slowdown in the next year or 2 years? And what I am kind of referring to is that if some partially contracted projects were across the finish line, some peers, we could see 80-plus Mtpa of FIDs within 18 months. And we are just wondering if that’s just more than the market needs just past mid-decade.
Jeff Martin: Well, this is Jeff speaking. I will provide a couple of comments, and Justin, feel free to weigh in. We think our view across the decade is very similar with what’s been put out by the EIA, which is forecasting 130% growth for U.S. LNG across the decade. The 80 million tons per annum that you referenced sounds about right, actually. I think actually the DOE might be forecasting slightly more than that. But remember, it’s not just American LNG, we are competing against other markets, whether it’s Australia or Qatar. There is certainly opportunities potentially at Mozambique. And remember, there are still volumes coming out of Russia, particularly on the North Coast as well as from South. And so, I think one of the things we have noticed is there is a tremendous demand for energy security and affordable sources of energy and natural gas has a very big runway internationally. We may see a decline here in the United States in different regions of the country, but it is a really big opportunity. I think the United States is viewed as a market that has security of supply, and we have got good counterparties and we have got good credit, and we have got deep capital markets. So, we are going to see the lion’s share of LNG across the globe will be coming from the United States across this decade.
Craig Shere: Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back to Jeff Martin for any additional closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: Sure. Just by way of a brief close, we know there are several investor conferences underway today. So, we very much appreciate everyone making time to join us. If there are any follow-up questions, per custom, always reach out to our IR team with any additional questions. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Sempra's Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded.  At this time, I'd like to turn it over to Glen Donovan. Please go ahead.
Glen Donovan : Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Sempra's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation are available on our website under the Investors section.  Here in San Diego, we have several members of our management team with us today, including: Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Kevin Sagara, Executive Vice President and Group President; Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Allen Nye, Chief Executive of Oncor; Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; and other members of our senior management team. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only of today, November 3, 2022, and it's important to note that the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin : Thank you, Glen, and thank you all for joining us today. At Sempra, we're on a mission to build one of the largest and most resilient energy networks in North America. Today, think about our company's role in the energy markets, particularly against the backdrop of what the international energy agency is called, the world's first global energy crisis. Overseas, the supply-demand balance for oil and natural gas continues to be disrupted. War in Ukraine, supply chain challenges and reduced investments in traditional forms of energy resources as compared to prior periods are contributing to the global challenge. Without adequate security of supplies, coal is unfortunately playing a much larger role in the global energy mix today. In fact, the combustion of coal is expected to match a record high reach nearly a decade ago and will likely move higher and set a new record next year. Here in North America, energy markets are continuing to expand and become increasingly integrated. That is why investing in a modern energy network to support cleaner forms of energy and future economic growth is central to our efforts here at Sempra. We're also developing new large-scale export facilities so that European and Asian buyers of natural gas can diversify and improve the security of their energy supplies while backing coal out of their supply chain and the production of electricity. We're focused on expanding and modernizing North America's energy grids, Sempra's 3 growth platforms, Sempra California, Sempra Texas and Sempra Infrastructure are strategically positioned to help serve the growing needs of consumers in North America and around the world, while staying at the forefront of innovation and integrating cleaner forms of energy. Sempra's value proposition comes to life through its commitment to growing a stronger and more valuable business, one that serves the long-term interest of our customers and owners. Trevor will take us through each segment in detail, but first, I'd like to highlight some strategic focus at each of our growth platforms. At Sempra California, we're continuing to innovate and invest in new technologies that are aligned with the state's clean energy goals and focus on safety, innovation and grid resiliency. At Sempra Texas, Oncor is advanced in its base rate review which supports the continued expansion and modernization of its grid in Texas with a focus on load growth, grid reliability and the integration of renewables. We expect these developments will lead to substantially higher capital spending in future periods. And at Sempra Infrastructure, we're making significant progress aimed at providing cleaner and more secure energy to our customers. Specifically, we're excited to announce that we're expecting to take a final investment decision on Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 in the first quarter of next year. Shifting to the results for the quarter. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $1.97 and year-to-date 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $6.87. Based on the strength of these results, we are raising our full year 2022 adjusted EPS guidance range to $8.70 to $9 per share. We're also affirming our existing full year 2023 EPS guidance range. Please turn to the next slide. In August, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act. This is largely viewed as one of the most significant clean energy bills in U.S. history and incentivizes substantial investments in key areas that are expected to reduce carbon in society. This legislation also builds on the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act that passed last summer with a focus on modernizing infrastructure across the country. While some of the details in the IRA are still being finalized, we believe that our growth platforms are well positioned to benefit from the positive tailwinds created by this legislation. For example, a common component of these bills is the focus on electrification. And our California and Texas platforms are located in high-growth markets where the integration of renewables and the electrification of transportation continue to be major drivers of transmission and distribution infrastructure needs. Additionally, SoCal Gas continues to advance its position as a leader in the clean fuel space. The federal bills, I mentioned, outlined key spending priorities such as carbon capture, hydrogen and biogas. This is important as you consider the different innovative pilots SoCalGas has underway that are focused on the commercialization of new and cleaner fuels. Further, SoCalGas is integrating renewable natural gas, or RNG, across its pipeline system today. As a reminder, earlier this year, the CPUC issued a decision establishing a statewide RNG procurement standard, which, together with the federal bills, supports investment and continued decarbonization of SoCalGas' T&D system. And finally, at Sempra Infrastructure, we have identified opportunities for further innovation in carbon capture and sequestration such as the Hackberry project and other investments to further decarbonize our facilities and support our goal of delivering cleaner energy to our customers. In summary, we believe our platforms are well positioned to advance the critical priorities detailed in the legislation. Please turn to the next slide where I'll turn the call over to Trevor to provide several business updates for the quarter.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. Beginning with Sempra California. For SDG&E's 2022 cost of capital, a proposed decision and an alternative proposed decision were issued on September 30, and the CPUC is expected to vote out a decision today. We are pleased that both proposed decisions confirm that extraordinary circumstances were present and the cost of capital mechanism for 2022 should be suspended. If the proposed decision is approved, a second phase to determine SDG&E's rate of return for 2022 will be held. If the alternative proposed decision is approved, the 2022 cost of capital rates of return will be preserved and the proceeding will be closed. Next, I'd like to remind everyone that both SDG&E and SoCalGas filed their cost of capital applications with the CPUC in the spring to update their respective authorized rates of return for 2023 through 2025. As part of this, both utilities updated their respective cost of debt requests as recently as September. We continue to expect a final decision on these filings by year-end. Also, both SDG&E and SoCalGas jointly filed a CPUC application with Southwest Gas to conduct hydrogen blending demonstration projects designed to further enhance grid resiliency and help California reach its goal of carbon neutrality by 2045. Each project builds upon years of research to identify ways to scale hydrogen blending to help drive decarbonization across multiple industries. These innovative projects are examples of our strong alignment with policymakers at both the state and federal level and are expected to provide incremental opportunities to invest in new sustainable forms of energy. Separately, SoCalGas recently made significant progress to substantially resolve the remaining legal and regulatory matters related to the 2015 Aliso Canyon natural gas storage facility leak. In October, we announced that we settled with the fifth and final property developer and executed a settlement agreement with the CPUC Safety and Enforcement Division and Public Advocates Office to resolve all aspects of the leak. The settlement with regulators is pending CPUC approval. Finalizing these settlements is a critical step in this matters resolution, and we recorded a $101 million after-tax charge in the third quarter. Please refer to our SEC filings for additional details and descriptions of the remaining open issues. Shifting to Sempra Texas. Oncor continues to experience tremendous growth. During the third quarter of 2022, Oncor added another 14, 000 new premises to its system and continues to anticipate maintaining approximately 2% average annual long-term premise growth, which is significantly above the national average. Also during the third quarter, Oncor added approximately 65 new transmission interconnection requests to its queue, which at this pace would set a company record for new annual interconnection requests. This highlights the continued growing demand and penetration of renewables in its service territory. Last month, Oncor management reviewed with its Board the need to grow and expand its transmission and distribution system with the expectation of substantially higher levels of capital spending. We expect to provide you with a more fulsome update on the 5-year capital plan in the first quarter. Additionally, Oncor expects a final order regarding its pending rate case by the end of the first quarter of 2023 with new rates going into effect thereafter. At Sempra Infrastructure, we've made substantial progress moving Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 closer to FID, and Justin will speak to those details in just a moment. At both Sempra and Sempra Infrastructure, we've stated the importance of advancing projects with a robust risk-adjusted return as well as maintaining a strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit ratings. To that end, we've been working diligently on an optimal financing and capital structure plan for Port Arthur to align with those principles that would allow us to enhance our risk-adjusted returns all while maintaining or exceeding our credit metrics. We're currently advancing 2 efforts to raise capital to fund the construction of the first phase of Port Arthur LNG all with a view towards securing lower cost of capital for the project. The first work stream targets issuing debt at the project level, and we expect to kick this off in the coming weeks. In addition, we've already launched the second work stream, which aims to raise capital by selling project-level equity to one or more investors. These work streams are expected to: pull forward a portion of the project's NPV to reduce our capital contribution, maintain Sempra and Sempra Infrastructure's strong credit profile while also highlighting notable value to our owners. Next, I'll turn the call over to Justin to discuss additional updates at Sempra Infrastructure.
Justin Bird : Thanks, Trevor. Let me start at Cameron LNG, where operations for Phase 1 are going very well, with production levels exceeding expectations. In addition, both the proposed Phase 2 expansion project and related debottlenecking activities of the existing 3 trains are moving along as planned. At Train 4, FEMSA the U.S. pipeline regulator recently voiced support for our pending FERC permit. We continue to work through the competitive feed process, which we anticipate will be completed in the summer of 2023 and expect to take FID shortly thereafter. Also, we expect the full debottlenecking efforts to be complete before commercial operations commence at Train 4. Next, I want to provide you an update on progress at our ECA LNG Phase 1 project, where we recently began erecting the first structural steel on site. Overall, construction is slightly behind our original plan, but the project is on budget, and we continue to expect to commence commercial operations in the middle of 2025. At our Energy Networks business, we're pleased to announce that our Puebla fuels terminal outside of Mexico City has started commercial operations. This terminal is integrated with our Veracruz Port and ViadeMexico terminals and combined creates our refined fuels terminal network that we collectively refer to as Golfo Centro. This network provides for the end-to-end transportation of fuel by ship to the port of Veracruz and then into the Mexico City market by both rail and truck. The facilities are supported by a 20-year contract with Valero for the entire offtake. Finally, at our Clean Power business, we signed a 20-year power purchase agreement for Cimarron, a 300-megawatt wind development project with Silicon Valley Power, a AA-rated entity to deliver electricity into the California power market. The site is adjacent to our Inner ores Phase 1 and 2 wind facilities and directly ties into our power transmission lines at the California, Mexico border. We plan to proceed to FID pending receipt of final permits and completion of the engineering and design work. With that, let's move on to the Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 update. Please turn to the next slide. As Trevor mentioned, we've had an exciting quarter. Port Arthur LNG continues to draw strong market demand and as advanced permitting and development status makes it an increasingly attractive project. As I have mentioned, there are 3 key work streams associated with reaching FID, and we are optimistic that we can achieve each of these by the first quarter of next year. First, we completed the EPC refresh and signed a $10.5 billion contract that is dependent on reaching FID. This fixed price turnkey contract creates critical momentum for the project. Efforts to date for the project include preparing the site for an efficient construction process, moving a major state highway, building dock capacity for the construction materials and conducting robust soil test across the entire site. Second, as Trevor detailed above, the financing work streams are underway. Finally, on the marketing front, things continue to progress at a rapid pace and we are in advanced discussions with several potential customers for long-term offtake contracts and are confident in our ability to convert existing HOAs into SBAs. Based on these discussions, we have more than enough interest to be in a position to take FID in the first quarter of 2023. Please turn to the next slide. The interest in Port Arthur LNG exceeds the volume of Phase 1, and we are actively marketing an expansion that could include a combination of Trains 3 and/or 4. The takeaway here is that there are scenarios in which we are oversubscribed for the Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 development project and look forward to advancing ongoing offtake discussions for a potential expansion phase. We will provide a further update on Port Arthur on our fourth quarter earnings call. Please turn to the next slide where Trevor will review Sempra's financial results for the quarter.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Justin. Turning to Sempra's financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter 2022 GAAP earnings of $485 million or $1.53 per share. This compares to third quarter 2021 GAAP losses of $648 million or $2.03 per share. On an adjusted basis, third quarter 2022 earnings were $622 million or $1.97 per share. This compares to our third quarter 2021 adjusted earnings of $545 million or $1.70 per share. On a year-to-date basis, 2022 GAAP earnings were $1.656 billion or $5.23 per share. This compares to year-to-date 2021 GAAP earnings of $650 million or $2.09 per share. Adjusted year-to-date 2022 earnings were $2.172 billion or $6.87 per share, which compares to our year-to-date 2021 adjusted earnings of $1.949 billion or $6.27 per share. As a reminder, this is the first quarter where we will reflect the full impact of the minority interest sales in Sempra Infrastructure Partners, which closed with KKR in October of 2021, and ADIA in June of 2022. In addition to improving our year-over-year results, we raised over $5 billion of capital through our minority interest sales a portion of which was used to lower parent debt and reduce our interest rate exposure outside of our utilities. Taken together, our strong financial results and growing adjusted earnings demonstrate the strength of our underlying business. Please turn to the next slide. The variance in the third quarter 2022 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year can be summarized by the following: $79 million of higher earnings at Sempra California from income tax benefits from flow-through items and CPUC base operating margin, net of operating expenses at SDG&E and SoCalGas; $50 million of higher equity earnings at Sempra Texas Utilities, primarily due to higher consumption and customer growth and rate updates to reflect increases in invested capital; $74 million of lower earnings at Sempra Infrastructure attributable to higher noncontrolling interest, net of operating earnings; and $22 million of lower losses at parent and other. Please turn to the next slide. We are pleased with our performance this quarter, which has generated a lot of momentum across our platforms for the remainder of the year. We look forward to progressing the cost of capital and general rate case proceedings at Sempra California and the resolution of the base rate case at Oncor while continuing development progress at Sempra Infrastructure. We view these work streams as opportunities to continue to drive significant growth in shareholder value into 2023 and beyond. And with that, this concludes our prepared remarks. And I will now stop and we can open the line up to take some of your questions.
Operator: This concludes the prepared remarks. We will now open the line to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: So Jeff, good news on Port Arthur 1 for sure. Just on Port Arthur -- as your slide noted, you guys have some offtake already locked in and media, I think, is reported on more agreements with Williams. Are those sort of in advanced stages as well? And in terms of FID formation, just given Bechtel has been on site for Port Arthur. Is there an advanced understanding of the EPC process and available EPC capacity to do the work on Phase 2 in sequential order?
Jeff Martin: Yes. Look, it's a great set of questions you have there. I would refer, again, the audience to Slide 8 of our presentations, and it kind of reflects what you're just describing, which is as you look forward to Phase 2, which is the opportunity to deliver both Train 3 and Train 4. It reflects the fact that we've got volumes currently committed at Cameron that could be moved over to support Phase 2, and it also reflects roughly 3 million tonnes per annum of capacity that's in advanced negotiations currently. But this goes back short of something we've talked about a lot in the past, which is we really think there's a strategic advantage at Port Arthur. So remember, we've got 3,000 acres of frontage on the waterway there, roughly 3 miles of access to water. Also, what's very attractive to customers is the potential scale of the development opportunity. You'll recall that this has the opportunity to be up to 8 trains. And if you ever got that far, and obviously, that's well into the future, it would be the largest export project in the Western Hemisphere. So it really has the ability to scale quite nicely. And to your point, Bechtel probably has the best reputation for delivering projects on time and on budget. They got great craft in the Gulf Coast region. They have spent a significant amount of time on this site, and that's been a real big linchpin and get us confident in our FID opportunity for Phase I, which we'll talk about, hopefully, in Q1, but it also is a real competitive advantage for Phase 2. So when you think about the considerations I just outlined, there's no question that we're receiving a lot of strong inbound interest on Phase 2. And I'll tell you something else as we make progress, Shar, toward getting to an SI decision on Phase I and it actually increases the interest and likelihood that Phase 2 will go forward. So we said this in our prepared remarks, but the time we get to our February call, we're hopeful to provide a lot more detail on our progress on Phase 2.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. And Jeff, the tactile has the EPC capacity to continue on Phase 2?
Jeff Martin: Look, I will tell you that they're one of our finalists on the Cameron expansion project. Obviously, they've got opportunities to work on a variety of projects around the world. But from our perspective, we're really pleased to have been part of Phase 1, and there's no question that the most ideal situation for our company is to not allow your EPC contractor to demobilize the ability to go from project to the next could be a real competitive advantage for Port Arthur.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Great. And then, Jeff, just moving on to the guidance assumptions. I guess, what are some of the inputs that you're thinking about as you're reaffirming '23, especially as we're thinking about bridging from '22. There's clearly a strong base in '22 but could we get your thoughts on some of the contingency that is building for '23? And maybe how you're seeing some of the offsets like O&M and interest rates get incorporated into the '23 assumptions?
Jeff Martin: Yes. Let me give you my perspective on this, and I would tell you this goes back to something that we as a management team have discussed, which is we're really, really happy with the progress we're making across all 3 of our growth platforms. I think the true competitive advantage for any company always comes down to the depth of your talent and leadership and how crisp your strategy is. And I think you're seeing both of those factors show up in our results. Let me give you a little bit of perspective before I turn to 2023. When you think back to where we were in 2021, we launched 2021 with an estimated guidance range of $7.50 to $8.10. And Shar, you may recall, that we actually delivered $8.43 last year, and we did not change our 2022 guidance. We kept our 2022 guidance at $8.10 to $8.70. And now we're in a great situation where we're updating that guidance to $8.70 to $9 or a midpoint of roughly $8.85. So now as you look forward into 2023, our guidance, which we published in February is unchanged at $8.60 to $8 -- to $9.20 or roughly a midpoint of $8.90. So very similar circumstance that we're walking into next year in terms of how we found ourselves earlier this year. But I think the key for us is we are very excited about the strength of all 3 growth platforms. Certainly, the progress we're making on Port Arthur Phase 1 and particularly Cameron expansion causes us to have a pretty bullish view of the future. And in our prepared remarks, we reaffirmed our guidance for next year. And once it's full visibility to our 2022 financial results, we'll be excited to take this up again on our February call.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ross Fowler with UBS.
Ross Fowler: So maybe following up on Shar's question a little bit here. There's certainly some headwinds I can think about into '23 from '22. One, you've had good weather in Texas this year. there's some excess marketing revenue on Cameron from some excess volumes in the second quarter. And then obviously, there will be a full year at the minority stake. So are those some of the drivers that are sort of as you contextualize '23 against your 6 to 8 sort of long-term growth guidance that you've given previously that you're thinking about? And then as you think about '23, once you get to '22, I think you said in your answer, Jeff, you're going to work into that '23 number and you provide a little bit of an update on in February in the call.
Jeff Martin: Yes. What might be helpful, Ross, let me just comment potentially in terms of how I think about the long-term growth opportunity at Sempra. And I'm going to pass it to Trevor. And maybe, Trevor, you can walk through some of the drivers for the quarter because I think that informs our continued bullish view for next year. But I was thinking about this, Ross, earlier this year, we began to execute on our $36 billion 5-year capital program. And I think as you've seen us update across the year, we've been making great progress. We're still very comfortable with our 6% to 8% long-term EPS growth rate. And I think as you've heard us describe a new set of opportunities that are in front of us, I think we're going to be working really hard to see if we can't beat those numbers in the future. And I look back at our growth rate on an earnings per share basis.  Now it's a new midpoint of $8.85. And since the end of the year in 2017, that would allow us to grow our earnings per share at an 11% CAGR. And so I think we've got the right mix. We've got the right strategy. We have really sharp execution occurring across the business. And that's shown up in the quarter. And maybe, Trevor, you could talk about some of the puts and takes in the quarter and how that makes you think about 2023.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, sure. Thanks, Jeff. Yes, Ross, as Jeff said, there were some puts or takes in the quarter. But underlying that, I think we really did have a strong operational performance across all 3 platforms. And so what I want to do is just maybe give you a little more color and clarity around what we presented on Page 10. First, at the Cal Utilities, there was a $36 million of higher CPUC base operating margin, and that was roughly split evenly between the utilities. And then in Sempra Texas, Oncor had significantly higher consumption, as you mentioned, this quarter as well as rate updates from the increase in capital deployed year-over-year, and that really was about $58 million of higher earnings. And then third, and this is a big point that we kind of brought out in the prepared remarks is at SI, the big driver here relates to the minority interest sale. And this really reduced the period-over-period earnings of about $83 million but these were partially offset by higher earnings in the business driven by higher gas prices and the outperformance in the power business as well as assets placed into service. So what I'm really pleased about is that we had a 9.5% year-over-year growth for adjusted EPS over the 9 months ended September 30. And as Jeff said, all in all, this really speaks to the strength and diversity of the T&D platform. And so we're pretty pleased about where we are in raising our guidance.
Ross Fowler: That's great, Dave. And then just one more for me. You talked about sort of running through the -- or starting the capital raise project and the financing work streams for Port Arthur. The AA, I think, can you remind us that contemplated a 30% equity stake from ConocoPhillips. Did it not?
Jeff Martin: It sure did.
Ross Fowler: Okay. And then one last one, maybe just an update on the Angeles Link project. That's a pretty big and exciting potential growth area for you with hydrogen. What steps from here are in the near term as we try to continue to move that to realization?
Jeff Martin: Yes. Thanks for asking about that, Ross. I'll make a couple of comments, and I'll pass the mic to Kevin to fill us in on some of the details. But it's really interesting, as we think about California and SoCalGas in particular, one of the things we talk a lot about internally as a management team is important to win in the business of today. And quite clearly, our customers are asking us to decarbonize the system and make sure it's safe. And that's one of the reasons we talked about this in our prepared remarks, we've set a self-imposed goal of delivering 20% renewable natural gas to our core customers by 2030. We're very pleased to see the state step forward and mandate to all load serving entities should be delivering at least 12% of that period of time. So we're going to make sure the system is safe today. We're going to continue to decarbonize it, but there's no question that hydrogen is the future, particularly for hard to decarbonize areas around heavy-duty trucking, some industrial applications and hopefully for power generation. The United States is behind in the hydrogen race. Europe is making great progress. Many of our customers on the LNG side, particularly in Japan are much further ahead. And there's a clarity and call across the policymakers in California that they want to see companies step up in innovation and new applications around hydrogen. That's one of the reasons we're really excited about the leadership that SoCalGas has shown. And Kevin -- maybe you could provide a little bit of visibility on to next steps on Angeles Link?
Kevin Sagara: Yes. Thanks for that. I'll just kind of echo off a little bit here, but Southern California is one of the nation's largest manufacturing areas and has a very significant industrial base, along with the nation's largest ports. So opportunities to back off diesel and other fossil fuels and even natural gas to help accelerate California's and the region's clean air goals is really important. And we've gotten a lot of good early feedback from stakeholders around this project, including city and state officials, labor and environmental groups. All of it's been really positive, even the governor, Governor News and Energy Secretary Grand Home has had some positive statements so far, so good on that project. And I guess in terms of next steps, we filed for a memo account at the CPUC to start capturing costs related to developing a large project like this, I think the minimal account asked for something just short of $30 million, and we expect that minimal account would get approved before year-end. So it's early, but we're really bullish on this.
Operator: Our next question will come from Nicholas Campanella from Credit Suisse.
Nicholas Campanella: Just couple of questions on just the financing comments on Port Arthur. Can you just maybe expand on where you have flexibility in those 2 efforts to raise capital? I recall you have some amortizing debt at Cameron 1, 2, 3. So is there additional kind of debt capacity at the SIP level already? And then just with the ownership structure around Port Arthur, like is there a kind of like a targeted pro forma ownership we should be thinking about for Phase 1? And is the goal ultimately here to limit external common equity at the Sempra level?
Jeff Martin: Yes, there's no question, it will be a goal to limit any external equity at the Sempra level, and you raised some great points. So let me kind of cap off. There's 2 work streams underway here. One is the equity process that's referenced in our slides. And after I've covered that, I'll pass it to Faisel to talk about the debt amortization and his approach to the financing, which they're looking to launch near term. As we've disclosed in the past, Nick, we've been taking a tremendous amount of inbound interest regarding participation in the capital structure at Port Arthur over the last 12 to 18 months. So we see this as an opportunity to really kick off a sales process to sell a noncontrolling stake that could result in Sempra Infrastructure's ownership settling to a level similar to ConocoPhillips, whether a little bit more or less. The key for us is we're really focused on 3 goals on the equity side. Number one, making sure that we highlight value for our owners. If we use this as an opportunity to pull forward the projects NPV to reduce our capital contribution. One of the things we talk about a lot inside the company is really replicating what we did at Cameron, which effectively allows us to take a carried interest and also make sure that as part of this process, it allows us to maintain Sempra and Sempra Infrastructure strong credit profile. So in general, this is a way for us to effectively take a carried interest in the project, create a really strong return on invested capital and deliver a great outcome for our shareholders. And I would say, just as importantly, and you'll hear us talk about this a lot more. What's most important about Phase I is also making sure it sets us up well for Phase 2 and 3. So this is the type of project given its scale, getting Phase 1 done really makes future phases a lot more exciting and a lot more probable. But maybe Faisal can stop there and maybe you can turn to the debt side and what the plans are for the financing.
Faisel Khan: Yes. Sure. So first of all, I think you're right, we do have amortizing debt across all of number infrastructure. It's not just at Cameron, but it's also within some of our joint ventures in the pipeline side. And so that does give us sort of more debt capacity at the Sempra Infrastructure level. And actually, our credit metrics have improved from where we were earlier in the year to where we are right now. So we are building sort of debt capacity as we sort of get closer to FID. So as we think about sort of the layers of financing for Port Arthur, we've been very consistent about this over the last few -- over the last several quarters. First, we're going to start with sort of nonrecourse project financing underpinned by creditworthy counterparty. So it's nonrecourse, it's investment-grade pricing. We've got strong interest from the banks to finance this project. Secondly, as we've done in the past, it's project-level equity for off-takers. So you've seen Conoco fill up a world-class partners step into this project with us in the HOA side, so that's for 30% equity interest. And then as Jeff alluded to, we've got the potential to sell down additional equity to project level and highlight value. So that's kind of where we're at. We feel like we're in a good spot, and we've been working on this for a very long period of time.
Nicholas Campanella: Really helpful. And just shifting to Texas and Oncor, just line of sight to getting this case done here. I know we're kind of coming towards the end of the the process, but is the settlement still in the cards, if at all? And are you willing to just kind of take the full distance on the final order at this point?
Jeff Martin: Sure. I would just start by saying we're pleased to have the Oncor team in the room with us today. So we've got Allen with us, and I'll let Allen jump in here in a second. But Trevor and I just got back from a Board meeting in the last couple of weeks in Dallas actually we're in Fort Worth. We continue to be really impressed with the team, the quality of the relationships there. There's obviously a stunning amount of growth taking place across the states. So I think the rate case is really important. And I really think that we're going to get a great outcome independent of whether it's a settlement or commission decision. But Allen, perhaps we could just talk about procedurally where we're at in the rate case and how you think about next steps.
Allen Nye: Yes, you bet. Thanks, Jeff. Just generally, where we are, as you said, we did have our hearing on the merits September 26 through October 4. Since then, we hold the parties have filed 2 rounds of post-hearing breeze, and we're anticipating a proposal for decision at the end of December. With the commission likely to take up a proposed our final order rather and a couple of open meetings, at least first quarter of next year, but final order before the end of the first quarter. Just a little color on the hearing. We believe it went very well. Our witnesses performed very well. Many of them were not even cross examined. From a settlement perspective, we have had extensive discussions. We will continue to have discussions. Thus far, they have not reached something that we believe is beneficial to the company, the stakeholders, especially the rate payers. So while those conversations will continue, we are very confident in our case. We think we put on a very strong case. And should we need to go to the commission, we're comfortable and confident in doing so. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: One probably a follow-up for Allen, which is starting to see housing prices dip a bit Texas. It's happening in a lot of places, but some of the dips in not only outside your -- in and around the edges of your service territory, but also kind of south of you are starting to get pretty meaningful. Just curious how that impacts, if anything at all or how a slowdown in residential construction impacts kind of your views of what kind of resi load growth would be and what the need for new infrastructure? I know you're talking a lot about potentially raising your capital spend budget. My guess is a lot of that has to do with a lot of the new renewable and storage that's coming online. But can you kind of talk high level about those items?
Jeff Martin: And Michael, I'll just jump in real quickly to say that I think we're really seeing great growth on the residential customer and industrial side in -- Allen, what might be particularly helpful to be responsible to Michael is some of the news you've got in terms of reaching the highest permitted housing starts and what some of the issues are in terms of letting that show up on the system.
Allen Nye: Sure. Sure. Thanks, Jeff. Yes, Michael, I agree. We're seeing -- I think it was in some of the remarks earlier, we added 14, 000 new premises this quarter. And while we're a little below probably in the 1.7 range, whereas we've been 2% over the last few years, we're still anticipating and seeing long-term projections still in the 2% range. To Jeff's point, I may have mentioned this before, yes. We saw in June our largest request for new subdivisions ever in our company's history. So while there's a little dip in premise growth so far this year, -- and I'll tell you a little color on that is what we're hearing is that is primarily supply chain and labor issues associated with the builders in our areas. But the demand for lots, the demand for new subdivisions we're still seeing long term around 2%. And just overall on our system, I know you didn't ask about it, but -- it's been discussed a little bit previously. Yes. To your point, transmission points of interconnection, especially on the renewable side are extremely high. I think Jeff said earlier, we're entering historic year, and that's accurate. We're at 565 active request right now versus $370 million the same time last year, and West Texas just continues to grow at record pace. We're seeing 29% annual load growth on the Culberson Lube a new peak of 1,000 megawatts versus 900 megawatts last year. New peaks in the Far West Texas, Weather zone at $54.86 versus $51.63 last year. Stanton loop growing at 16% annual load growth. And similar back to your residential, just another day to point for you there. It's not just the DFW area. We're seeing, for example, Waco, load growth in Waco at 3x the ERCOT average. So we're continuing to see really strong growth across our system regardless of a little dip this year in premise growth, which we think is related to issues on the builder side, and we think it will bounce back, and we're continuing to see projected long-term growth of 2% on the printer side on our system.
Jeff Martin: And Michael, I'll make one other comment maybe to wrap it up with Allen, which is Trevor and I will be back at the Oncor Board early next year. to review their final capital program. You may recall that about this time last year, we had approved their prompt our capital program and reviewed their 5-year plan. And it wasn't until like February or March up lead Allen that we already updated by about $200 million. So this will give us a chance to pick up on some of these new opportunities. And the confidence level, at least from Sempra's perspective, and I think Allen's we're going to have the opportunity to put a lot more capital to work in the future than it is in the current plan. So stay tuned, and we look forward to updating everybody on next year's call about that.
Michael Lapides: Got it. I had one follow-up, and it's probably a Justin, one. Costa Azul, I think you made the comment that Costa Azul may be a little bit behind schedule, but the cost hasn't really moved, and it's a matter of months, it's not years, the fund. If I remember correctly, you all have contracts already on one of the big pipelines that goes out of the Permian West towards the California border and then it would connect and head south to Costa Azul. Spreads between Waha, West Texas and California are really wide? I mean Waha gas went negative recently. Does that imply that in the short run, long term, that gas is going to be used to supply Costa Azul small scale. But short run, are you guys benefiting from that? And has that gotten more material and potentially a tailwind? I know you've talked a lot about some of the headwinds for next year.
Justin Bird : Yes, Michael. I think as we move forward toward FID on ECA Phase 1, one of the things our Board of Directors, and we wanted to make sure that we thought we had adequate transportation capacity through the areas you described. And until we actually utilize that capacity for ECA, it really gives us a chance to optimize and you've been seeing us do that. So yes. It's a tailwind.
Michael Lapides: Got it. The fact that Waha is pricing well below its total gas porter is above Henry Hub. Until Cost small scale comes online, you're actually capturing that spread?
Justin Bird : Correct.
Operator: Our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : So I just wanted to refresh here back to where we started the conversation on Port Arthur, PA1 and more importantly, PH2 here. Just can you give us a little bit more of a sense -- you alluded to it in the prepared remarks, has the ability to pivot readily into PA2 here. And can you speak more directly to the permitting context here, how that might impact the EPC time line and also the ability to readily translate that HOA interest?
Jeff Martin: Well, let me do this. Let me speak real briefly to Phase 2 and recap some of our prior comments. And maybe, Justin, I think there might be value to go from the Bechtel contract plus some of the things you're working on to make Q1 FID happen. But I would just go back -- just take you back, Julian, if you allow me to this macro view, you've got a big scalable project, right, which is unique relative to a lot of our competitors. It's well situated on the ship channel there with over 3,000 acres. And we've had Bechtel site for a very, very long period of time. So that enabling EPC contract that helps us launch Phase I is critical as we continue to build out and refine our price estimates for Phase 2. So in our prepared slides on Slide 8, you can see we've got pretty advanced interest at least for Train 3 thus far, and we've got conversations well beyond that. So our goal really is, is we make and crystallize the opportunity for Phase 1, there's no question that the market interest in Phase 2 will be increased, and we're hopeful to be back in front of our investors on our end of year call, Q4 call in February with a more detailed view about the Phase II opportunity. But there may be some benefit, Justin, just to walk through in a little bit more granular level what we're trying to accomplish over the next 90 days.
Justin Bird : Yes. Thank you, John. Yes. Julien, I think as we look at Port Arthur Phase 1, I think the completion of the EPC contract is really the linchpin that's really going to unlock us to have the ability to convert those -- into definitive SPAs and really to capture the remaining interest in that project and frankly, additional trains at that project. So that work stream is ongoing, very dynamic, moving quickly. On the finance side, I think Jeff and Trevor and Faisel all cover that. And then finally, we're working through the required governance process with our Board of Directors and management to really get to a point where we can take final investment decision in the first quarter of next year. As Jeff mentioned, as you move toward that date, the ability to commercially contract on Phase 2 and subsequent phases increases. As you know, the market tends to coalesce around projects that have a high probability of launching. And I think the market is starting to see that momentum at Port Arthur.
Jeff Martin: I just mentioned 1 other contextual comment for you, Julien, that you might find interest in. As you may recall, over the last 12 months, you've seen various parties announced an SPA. And you've seen us take a lot of questions about HOAs. But what this really reflects is the key linchpin is getting that EPC contract done and not committing to the pricing of the offtake until you have that in hand. And now Justin's team is running quickly to go back and document those definitive SPAs on the basis of those economics, which is really positive. And finally, on our Q2 call, we got pressed a lot about the future opportunity for Port Arthur and I actually said there are scenarios where it could occur after the FID for Cameron, and there were some scenarios where it could occur in the first half. So it's a real credit to Justin's team and really a validation of the level of interest in Port Arthur that we've been able to accelerate it to a projected FID decision in Q1.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Right. Got it. But from a permitting perspective, any specific updated time line there just on PAT. Just when could we get to that FID for the second round here just to reconcile that.
Justin Bird : Yes. So as you look at Port Arthur Phase 1, I think, again, 3 work streams that you should watch. One is commercial interest, and we've talked a lot about that today. The second would be really the construction contract. And again, as Jeff mentioned earlier, the important thing there is the quality of Bechtel and really the ability to not force a demobilization and remobilization puts us at a competitive advantage. And then finally, here, we're waiting for our FERC order, where we have applied that has been before FERC and we're continuing to move that forward. So we do need a FERC order for subsequent phases at Port Arthur. But again, we think that process has been commenced a long time ago, and we're optimistic.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Got it. Okay. So it's a little bit unclear on timing. But just pulling it all together, Jeff, if I can -- when can you be in a position to provide sort of this longer-term view with an EPS CAGR that includes presumably these PA1, right? I know you talked about the CAGR a moment ago with Ross, but can you speak to this about when we get that fully inclusive one?
Jeff Martin: Yes. We have a convention, as you know, of doing a roll forward of our 5-year plan. That process is underway by Peter Wall and Trevor currently. I think we'll be in a position on our February call to do a couple of things. We'll go back and relook at our 2023 guidance. We will expect to announce our 2024 guidance. And we hope at that time, have a definitive view on the roll forward of our capital program. Sometimes in the past, Joe, you may recall, we've saved that for an analyst conference later in the spring. We have not made a definitive decision with the IR team. It's whether it will be an analyst conference and my personal orientation is to come back on that February call and make sure it's fulsome and be in a position to talk about the roll forward of our 5-year capital program, which, to your point, should reflect the opportunities that we're discussing this morning.
Operator: And our next question will come from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: Wondering if you might people to talk to just the hydrogen opportunities a bit more, the recent MOU with AVANGRID and then thoughts on the blue hydrogen potential opportunity down in the Gulf Coast. Just when might we see in terms of timing, some potential concrete project opportunities arise?
Jeff Martin: Yes, sure. We're very bullish on hydrogen. I made some comments about this earlier. One of the benefits we've had is really twofold. One is S&P came out with a study or an article in the last 6 months, had talked about the 25 leading pilot programs for hydrogen in the United States. And over half of them, David, are in the Sempra family of companies. So we've made this a strategic priority. I've made this comment before. We need to win in the business of today. while we're building a competitive position in the business of the future. And there's no question that across our 3 growth platforms, hydrogen will play a larger role. So most of what's taken place in California today is folks are evaluating opportunities to either blend hydrogen into the existing pipeline system.  There's been some work done at SoCalGas about creating hydrogen fuel homes on the residential side. Fuel cells are a big opportunity for our core customers. But I think, broadly speaking, this is a strategic commitment. I think 1 thing that I would follow is one of the things that Kevin talked about earlier, this memo account process that we expect to have resolved by the end of the year. That will be a very, very strong signal from the policymakers in the State of California about their commitment to make sure that we fully optimize the hydrogen future.  But maybe, Justin, since we have an LNG and Net Zero P&L in Justin's portfolio, you could talk about how we're having conversations with some of our LNG buyers. And I've said this very recently in a speech that the United States has a unique opportunity to not only improve the energy security of many of our allies, I think we're in a position to produce the cleanest value chain from the wellhead to the liquefaction facility of any country in the world. I think innovation is going to be a key part of that. But Justin, maybe you could talk about some of the projects you all have underway to help introduce hydrogen.
Justin Bird : Yes. David, great question. Look, we at Sempra Infrastructure are very excited. As Jeff referenced earlier, we talked about succeeding in the business of today and really looking forward to being able to be successful in the future. In the middle of last month, you noted we signed our agreement with AVANGRID. And that really is about working together to identify, appraise and potentially develop large-scale green hydrogen projects to meet the needs of energy and decarbonization in both the U.S. and abroad. The LNG business, as Jeff mentioned, provides a strong foundation for our ability to work with all of those partners as they look to decarbonize and look toward future energy, whether it's green hydrogen, blue hydrogen or blue ammonia.  So we're excited about the opportunities in front of us. I think the other thing you saw recently, the inflation Reduction Act really provides a springboard for not only the hydrogen business, but also for carbon sequestration. We're excited to continue developing Hackberry with our partners. We think it's a wonderful opportunity to really decarbonize our LNG facilities and really look at as a means to capture carbon in local industrial facilities as well. So we're very excited about the opportunities in the Net Zero side of our business.
Operator: Our next question will come from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Maybe just given your sort of historical time line presence and considering shortages, supply chain issues, et cetera, et cetera. How should we think about assuming a Phase 1 FID green light here in the first quarter? How should we think about -- can you give us a time line on the COD of that project?
Jeff Martin: Well, first off, that will certainly be tied to the date and time and when we take FID. These projects typically get built between 50 and 60 months. But if you look at Q1 and assume that there's an FID in that time frame, I'd look out in that 50 to 55 month time frame and you can back into a reasonable estimate.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Perfect. And just one quick follow-up. As we think about financing the project, are we going to -- basically, your question is, are we going to be -- are you going to be fully financed the $10. 5 billion by first quarter next year? Or is that expected in chunks?
Jeff Martin: Yes. Justin did a great job of kind of outlining some of the key milestones we're tracking to get to FID. But our assumption and goal, Durgesh, would be that when we get to an FID decision with our Board, we go through a very fulsome process of evaluating all aspects of the transaction. And we will not take FID without having lined up both the financing and the equity.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Jeff, sorry, to make the call, go the full distance here. But just one strategic question. So obviously, you're having a lot of success with growth projects in all your businesses. And we're now seeing, I think, a lot better public market values of midstream company and particularly companies that are successfully growing LNG. So Justin, when you're looking at that big picture decision on the structure of the company and the like, just maybe it would be helpful to get some thoughts on how you're kind of thinking about that in terms of does it make sense to keep all this together or to review other options?
Jeff Martin: Yes. Sure. No problem. I'll tell you, it's a great question. And one 1 the things that we spend the most time on our Board of Directors is strategy. So when you think back to 2017 timeframe, Steve, assuming we hit the midpoint of the new guidance range we put out today, we have been successful in growing the EPS of this business at an 11% CAGR. So I think we've got a really high-quality leadership team, and I don't mean just the folks in this room, but across our top 25 or 40 leadership group. We've got a really good, high-performing culture. And I think we've got a razor-sharp strategy. One of the things that you're really seeing come together in the first 3 quarters of this year is our ability to produce improved financial results. in all 3 of our growth platforms, and we try to integrate those activities from the Sempra level, I would say, are doing extremely well. And you're absolutely right. We've got growth in California. We've got growth in Texas. We continue to have a lot of growth opportunities in Mexico. And certainly, Justin's business really has a unique opportunity set. So I would say we're currently happy with the overall organization of our 3 platforms and particularly Sempra Infrastructure. Remember, too, Steve, that Sempra Infrastructure has been very critical in providing additional cash flows to support growth in our utilities. And I think going forward, part of what we need to do to be successful is to continue sourcing the lowest cost of capital to help SI grow. You've seen us be fairly creative through the KKR process and ADI and now the process that Faisal described earlier today. So we've demonstrated a willingness to transact at the Sempra Infrastructure level and at the project level, and we'll continue to forecast -- and we continue to forecast a portfolio of new opportunities to grow that business. So I think the most important takeaway relative to your question is our sole focus is on driving value to Sempra shareholders. And I think you've seen this, but we're willing to look at new and better ways to do that. And that -- and part of that is continuing to optimize all 3 growth platforms. So there's a fair amount of excitement inside of our company about the increased earning power of all 3 platforms. And we're looking forward to executing into 2023.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Just hopefully quickly, 2 quick questions. One on Cameron. Is there ability to also go forward with the construction of Cameron at the same time if you go forward with Port Arthur? Is there enough craft labor and everything to do those coincide? And the second follow-up is on Port Arthur 2. Is there -- you talk about maybe selling down some of the equity ownership to finance it? Is there a desired level of ownership? And I'll leave it there.
Jeff Martin: Yes, I appreciate the question. I would tell you that we're now forecasting an opportunity to take FID on Port Arthur Phase 1 in the first quarter. Hopefully, we'll have a fulsome update on that on our February call. And you'll recall that we've also forecasted taken FID on Cameron expansion in the middle of the summer or in the Q3. Once we go through the competitive feed process that we have ongoing. So there's no question that we're in a position in terms of trade craft and our expectation from our EPC contractors that we can deliver both projects at the same time. And then going back to Phase 2 of Port Arthur, we've talked about this a little bit. I think the most important thing here for us is stay focused on Phase 1. The closer we get to take an FID on Phase 1, we're going to see the permitting process come together. We're going to crystallize some of the contract opportunities around Phase 2. And remember, the real strategic opportunity at Port Arthur is the ability to continue to scale it. So multiple phases become more probable once you get Phase 1 done. So I really appreciate the question.
Anthony Crowdell: And just on Port Arthur, is there a desired level of ownership there?
A –Jeff Martin: Look, I think you’re going to see us take different approaches at different times. I think the best example we can give and we really appreciated being able to contribute the regas facility into the capital structure at Cameron and take effectively a carried interest. You’re going to see us do that on Phase 1. Our job is to find the most efficient sources of capital and produce the highest returns on invested capital. And I think we’ve got a really good plan in place that we’re executing on Phase 1. We don’t have a target ownership level for Phase 2 at this point. But that answer will be determined by how we can deliver the highest returns from the project.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Jeff Martin for any additional closing remarks.
Jeff Martin : Sure. I'd just like to take a moment and thank everyone for joining our call today. I know there were some competing calls at the same time. Per custom, if there are any follow-up items, please reach out to our IR team with any additional information. I'd also mention for the balance of the year. We look forward to meeting with many of you in Florida at the EEI Conference on the 13th and 14th, and we'll also be attending the Wells Fargo Conference in New York on December 7th and 8th. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Glen Donovan. Please go ahead.
Glen Donovan: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Sempra's second quarter 2022 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. We have several members of our management team with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Kevin Sagara, Executive Vice President and Group President; Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Allen Nye, Chief Executive of Oncor; Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer and other members of our senior management team. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the Company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only of today, August 4, 2022. And it's important to note that the Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 4 and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Glenn, and thank you all for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $1.98 and year-to-date 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $4.90. Based on the strength of these results, we're now guiding to the high end of our full-year 2022 adjusted EPS guidance range, and we're also affirming our full-year 2023 EPS guidance range. Next, let me offer some perspectives on how we think about the future. At Sempra we've worked hard to simplify our business model, to improve safety and operations then with the benefit of more disciplined capital allocation to also improve our financial performance. Today we have built three large scale growth platforms operating in some of the largest energy markets in North America. Within these platforms, we have an exciting opportunity set. Here is a quick summary. At Sempra California, we're making capital investments to continue improving safety, reliability and sustainability. Each are key components of our recent GRC filings. At Sempra Texas, we couldn't be more excited about the work Oncor is doing to support strong economic and demographic growth and the continued integration of cleaner renewable resources. At Sempra Infrastructure, there are significant growth drivers across all three business lines. LNG and Net Zero solutions, clean power and energy networks. In the first half of this year, the United States became the number one global exporter of LNG. And by the end of the decade we expect the United States will extend it significant leadership advantage in this area. In combination, these investment opportunities support our record $36 billion capital plan for 2022 through 2026, as well as our continued confidence in our projected 6% to 8% annual average long-term EPS growth rate, which we announced earlier this year. Please turn to the next slide, where I'll turn the call over to Trevor to provide several business updates.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. Beginning with Sempra California, both SDG&E and SoCalGas filed their general rate cases with the CPUC in May to update their authorized revenue requirements for 2024 through 2027. These comprehensive filings represent a thoughtful effort to support our customers by striking the right balance between maintaining customer affordability and making the necessary infrastructure investments for safer, cleaner and more resilient energy systems. Notably, both utilities have outlined the critical areas of investment needed to safeguard their systems and support the states clean energy goal of achieving carbon neutrality by 2045. As an example, SDG&E's GRC filing is centered around investments, such as wildfire mitigation, system hardening, EV infrastructure and innovative technologies to modernize our electrical system. For SoCalGas, investments in pipeline safety and integrity and emissions reductions are key priorities in its application. Support for these rate case priorities will lead to a cleaner energy system and provide long-term benefits to our customers. We look forward to working with all stakeholders on these proceedings to advance a positive outcome. In April, both SDG&E and SoCalGas filed their cost of capital applications to update their respective authorized rates of return for 2023 through 2025, and we expect a final decision by year-end. To further support grid resiliency, the CPUC approved SDG&E's four new micro-grid facilities. These new energy storage projects are expected to improve power continuity during grid outages and are great examples of the critical investments SDG&E is making to integrate renewables while enhancing reliability for its customers. Additionally, SoCalGas recently announced that since 2015 had achieved a 37% reduction, a fugitive methane emissions, significantly ahead of the state's goal of a 20% reduction by 2025 and nearing the state's goal of a 40% reduction by 2030. This achievement is significant and demonstrates SoCalGas's focus on helping to accelerate the decarbonization of California's energy systems. Shifting to Sempra Texas, Oncor continues to benefit from its demographic growth and strong economic expansion across its service territory. As a result, Oncor has added another 35,000 new premises so far this year. We continue to anticipate maintaining an annual premise growth of approximately 2% in the near term, which is significantly above the industry national average. Also, Oncor has seen more than 70% increase in new requests for transmission interconnections compared to the second quarter of 2021. This highlights the continued growing demand and expected penetration of renewables in their service territory. On top of significant organic growth, Oncor continues to experience near record high temperatures. And in recent weeks ERCOT has set new records for peak electrical demand. As a grid operator, Oncor has been doing its part to help, maintain grid reliability during these extreme weather events, while also executing against a record $15 billion capital plan for 2022 through 2026. Given Oncor significant growth across its service territory, we expect their CapEx program will again be adjusted this fall. As it has done in the past, Oncor will present its updated rolling five-year capital forecast to the Board at their October meeting. In May, Oncor filed its rate case with the Public Utility Commission of Texas requesting a 4.5% revenue requirement increase over current adjusted rates to support Texas's rapid growth trends and need for continued reliability. The new rate is expected to go into effect in the first quarter of 2023. Oncor looks forward to working in partnership with its stakeholders to achieve a positive outcome. Now, I will turn the call over to Justin to discuss updates at Sempra Infrastructure where we've successfully reached a number of important commercial milestones this quarter.
Justin Bird: Thanks, Trevor. Last year, we formed Sempra Infrastructure to be a leading North American infrastructure platform with a standalone investment grade balance sheet. This has enabled us to attract strategic investment partners like KKR and ADIA while also highlighting the growing equity value of the business. In June, we were pleased to close our 10% sale to ADIA for approximately $1.7 billion, with an implied equity value of close to $18 billion. We look forward to a strong partnership with ADIA and together with KKR we are working collaboratively to advance our strategy of providing cleaner and more secure energy to global customers. Jeff talked earlier about the growth that we're seeing in all three business lines at Sempra Infrastructure. But what I thought would be helpful is to focus my time on recent developments in U.S. LNG. Please turn to the next slide. Sempra Infrastructure's U.S. LNG development portfolio has made significant strides. As we outlined in our last quarterly earnings call, the key work streams that Cameron LNG Phase 2 include completion of our pending FERC amendment, the competitive FEED process and ongoing marketing. With regard to our recently announced commercial arrangements at Cameron, we have worked hard to align our economic and commercial interests with those of our customers. You will recall that we plan to take our 50% share of the trained for offtake and sell it back-to-back to global counterparties under long-term sale and purchase agreements. We are pleased to confirm that we have substantially achieved this marketing goal, as a result of the HOAs with the Polish Oil & Gas Company and INEOS, which includes the optionality to move volumes between Cameron LNG Phase 2 and Port Arthur LNG. Turning to engineering, we are running a competitive FEED process with Bechtel and JGC-Zachry joint venture. This is expected to be completed in the summer of 2023. At which time, we would expect to move to FID. Next, let me discuss Port Arthur LNG. Similar to Cameron, we have maintained a disciplined marketing approach with a focus on linking U.S. natural gas production with some of the leading European buyers of LNG. This strategy has served us well in the current environment, given supply disruptions in Europe. Just as a reminder, we have a FERC order and a DOE expert permit in hand and the permitting and design work are highly advanced for the initial phase of the project. The key remaining work streams involve finalizing of the EPC contract with Bechtel to include updated pricing and signing definitive offtake arrangements. Since our Q1 earnings call, we have entered into HOAs with RWE, the Polish Oil & Gas company and INEOS and announced a strategic partnership framework with ConocoPhillips, under which Conoco would receive roughly half of the offtake volumes or 5 MTPA under a 20-year tolling type arrangement and potentially make a 30% equity investment in Phase 1. Importantly, these announcements mark substantial progress in the marketing phase of this project. As it moves forward, we will continue to work with stakeholders, including customers, contractors, debt holders, equity investors and credit rating agencies. The positive takeaway from this, is we continue to see great interest from European buyers and volumes are coalescing around projects that have the greatest probability of advancing. We look forward to updating you on future progress in November on our third quarter call. As Jeff mentioned earlier, the U.S. has recently become the number one global exporter of LNG. Based on the quality of our development sites and their geographic positioning relative to Europe and Asia, we believe our business can help advance America's leadership position in this area, while also providing energy security to our allies and helping facilitate the global energy transition. Please turn to the next slide, where I'll turn the call back to Trevor to discuss Sempra's financial results.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Justin. Turning to Sempra's financial results, earlier this morning we reported second quarter 2022 GAAP earnings of $559 million or $1.77 per share. This compares to second quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $424 million or $1.37 per share. On an adjusted basis, second quarter 2022 earnings were $626 million or $1.98 per share, which compares to our first quarter 2021 adjusted earnings of $504 million or $1.63 per share. On a year-to-date basis, 2022 GAAP earnings were $1,171 million or $3.70 per share. This compares to year-to-date 2021 GAAP earnings of $1,298 million or $4.24 per share. Adjusted year-to-date 2022 earnings were $1,550 million or $4.90 per share, which compares to our year-to-date 2021 adjusted earnings of $1,404 million or $4.58 per share. Please turn to the next slide. The variance in the second quarter of 2022 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year can be summarized by the following. $48 million of higher equity earnings at Sempra Texas Utilities, primarily due to customer and consumption growth and increase in invested capital. $41 million of higher CPUC base operating margin, net of operating expenses at SDG&E and SoCalGas, as well as higher FERC margin at SDG&E. And $33 million of higher earnings at Sempra Infrastructure. There are a number of items driving this variance, so please refer to the appendix for further detail. Please turn to the next slide. As we close our prepared remarks, let me give you a couple of key takeaways. First, comparing the financial results from the first half of this year to the same period in 2021, we posted adjusted earnings growth of 10% and adjusted EPS growth of 7%. It's equally important to note that we have accomplished these results even with the sale of a 30% minority interest in Sempra Infrastructure. Second, the steps we've taken to diversify and strengthen SI's capital structure came at an opportune time, and have put us in an improved position to execute on a new set of exciting development opportunities, particularly in the LNG space. Third, going forward, we remain highly focused on safety and operational excellence. By executing on our strategy, which includes progressing towards constructive GRC outcomes at Sempra California, extending and improving electric grid resiliency in Texas, while Oncor works with its stakeholders to finalize a constructive base rate case for its customers and achieving further milestones in our overall development pipeline at Sempra Infrastructure. And with that, this concludes our prepared remarks. So, I will now stop and we can open the line to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hi guys. Good morning.
Jeffrey Martin: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Just - you obviously you're guiding now to the top end, and it appears you're tracking well ahead of plan especially with some of the commodity optimization upside. How are you thinking about, I guess, the cadence of further updates on '22 as we think about the rest of the year? And then just more importantly, how are you sort of thinking about '23 update especially as we're now bridging to a higher '22 base or there is some of the recurring benefits that you anticipate taking into '23 like maybe O&M pull forward any other optimizations?
Jeffrey Martin: Well, we appreciate the questions, Shar. I would start by just reflecting on the fact that over the last decade, we've grown our earnings per share at roughly an 8% CAGR. I mentioned this in my prepared remarks that we continue to expect the average annual long-term adjusted EPS growth rate to be in the range of 6% to 8%. And I think, we're fairly excited about being ahead of plan for the year, I think that's the right characterization. And given the strength of our results in the first half plus some of the opportunities we itemized in our prepared remarks, we certainly think that sets us up for a continued very, very strong growth in income story. We're obviously guiding to the high end of the range for 2022. And I would note, Shar, this is the fifth time in six years that we've guided to the high end of the range or increased our guidance. So we feel like there will be some pull through in 2023. And as we head into our Q3 call, we should be in a better position to give you a more definitive update.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. That helps as we're bridging. And then just Port Arthur is now optically oversubscribed, just given the advanced stage of Port Arthur 1, and did the expansion - I guess, what are the hurdles to putting in FID timeline for us? Like if EPC is done, would it be feasible to finalize commercial agreements in a relatively short time, you like maybe mid-'23 along with Cameron 4?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. I would tell you that one of the ways we're thinking about RFID decision, I know, Shar, you may have followed us, there is a lot of interest in our San Diego Padres over the last couple of days. And to use a sports metaphor, some people talk about playing smaller ball. Moving runners around the bases and that's exactly what Justin and Faisel and the team are doing in our LNG business. Let me just start by kind of characterize and where we're at with Cameron expansion or what we refer to as Phase 2, and I'll get right to Port Arthur to get at the heart of your question. First at Cameron, we're continuing to move forward on definitive commercial agreements with our partners, namely move into SPAs. We're continued to advanced permitting and we're making progress on the competitive FEED works. We expect to complete those work streams in the middle of next summer and assess an FID decision thereafter. At Port Arthur, we're not prepared to set an expected FID date yet, but I can confirm there are scenarios where FID could occur in 2023 and even in the first half of 2023. We've had some exciting developments, I think as you correctly noted using optically kind of subscribed at least Phase 1 through a series of HOAs. The next steps for us is make sure we convert those to SPAs. A lot of times buyers as you know, we want to secure their interest in the facility and move quickly to an HOA in fall with an SPA thereafter. Secondly, it's very important work we have underway with Bechtel. We've already started our partnership conversations with ConocoPhillips. We think they'll be very, very helpful with us, as we evaluate and optimize that FEED process. Then thirdly, we're advancing our financing another development activities. So there is no question from our perspective, Shar, that is an exciting project. Our goal at this point is to manage the work streams, I just described in a way that maximizes the projects value for our shareholders and it will be in a better position on the November call to give you a more definitive update.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. Then just, Jeff, one last quick one is obviously there is multiple projects that are advancing in parallel path. Just want to get your reiteration that, just given the ways you've been able to finance these projects, maybe some incremental debt capacity that you see this as being an equity free build out, as you go through the growth opportunities at the LNG business?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. I will tell you that Faisel and Trevor and Sandeep and Justin, team have spent a lot of work around this. And I give them credit because we've made as you followed a series of strategic moves to not only form Sempra Infrastructure, with the standalone balance sheet and diversified capital structure. But this the steps we took in the last 18 months also gives us a lot of flexibility. So let me give you a couple of ideas that we've outlined previously about how we expect these projects. First, as you know, we can always use non-recourse financing. You've seen the team do this on Cameron 1 through 3 and on ECA. Second, as we've done in the past, we can sell down project level equity to our off takers. This is our current plan with ConocoPhillips, Justin made this comment earlier, but we're expecting to take a 30% equity interest in Port Arthur. And I would also mention, Shar, we may also look to bring in other equity partners at the project level in Port Arthur. Third, Sempra Infrastructure is rated as an investment grade credit, this was an important development for us with significant cash flows, and this gives us another great option to access the debt markets. And then I would say fourth with the inclusion of KKR and ADIA in the capital structure, it provides us with other third-party sources of capital and it probably doesn't surprise you to know that we're also routinely taking quite a lot of reverse inquiries from other third parties to participate in our projects. So our goal as we move forward in the development process for Cameron Phase 2 and Port Arthur Phase 1 is to make sure we're evaluating all these options through the lens of getting often really high quality project and also through the lens of making sure it creates the most value for our owners.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. Fantastic guys. Thanks so much. I'll jump back in the queue. Appreciate it.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Shar.
Operator: And we'll take our next question David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Martin: Good morning, David.
David Arcaro: Hi, good morning. Hi, thanks so much for taking the question. I was wondering if you could talk about some of the CFE news of late, and maybe on one hand could you just talk about the Pacifico project, how does the agreement that you've got in place they're now help move that project forward incrementally? And then I'm also curious on the Salina Cruz LNG terminal site. Just any other details you might be able to give, it's early stage in terms of size, strategic appeal in competitiveness timing, et cetera?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. If I understand your question correctly, I think we kind of summarize some of the recent developments with CFE, kind of our views on that marketplaces, some of these newly referenced projects. So I would start with saying, we have very constructive relationships in Mexico. Tania Ortiz does a wonderful job in Mexico. And I've had the benefit probably in the last 90 to 100 days meeting with the President of Mexico three different times about how we continue to grow that relationship and better serve that country. So I think big picture in the short term and long term, and we think they'll need additional investment, particularly in the energy infrastructure space. And David, because of the size of our existing energy network, we think it's well positioned as anybody to help meet some of the new investment needs of that country. There is a list of SI's development project summarized in the appendix at Slide 13, by way of references I go forward. But on a couple of projects you mentioned, we recently signed up the commercial terms for us to reroute the Sonora pipeline around the Yaqui territory. There is still some work to be done by the Mexican government to resolve issues with the indigenous people. So we think that's an important step. Vista Pacifico is a very interesting project is on around that 3 million ton per annum stage, is accessed by two existing pipelines. It's always a nice attribute, when you can work with the government to make sure you secure your land concession, your local, state and federal permits. And we're also having conversations with CFE to do a capacity release, so we have access to the type of volumes of natural gas we need to build that project. And that's something we think that the government of Mexico is constructive on and we're going to continue to work forward on a development basis. As to Salina Cruz, one of the things that's interesting as we think about the root causes of migration is that the estimates of Mexico, which is about a narrow waste at the Southern part of the country that's just over 200 kilometers to 250 kilometers in width. There's a lot of interest to create in an industrial quarter there. I think the President of Mexico is hoping to create 10 different industrial zones, and they're trying to find a way to bring natural gas down the Gulf Seaboard, so they could have a potential for an LNG opportunity on the Gulf side, as well as an LNG opportunity on the Pacific. Because we have such a strong position in U.S. Gulf Coast LNG today, we have been far more interested in the Salina Cruz facility, that facility would also very similar to Vista Pacifico, ECA Phase 1 provide a unique geographical access to the Asian markets with on sea transfers taking about 11 days to reach that marketplace. It's very early stage, David, but I think what it really goes to is our ability to work with various administrations in Mexico because our baseline approach is to make sure we put dollars down there in the country. Number one, we do it selectively. Number two, we tie it to raise in the standard of living for the Mexican people. And number three, we tend to try to do it in cooperation with the government, so we're also meeting their stated policy objectives.
David Arcaro: Excellent. Thanks. Very helpful.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you.
David Arcaro: Separate question, I was curious, I know it's early in the process, but in Texas in terms of the rate case, any thoughts on the prospects of settling that case here?
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I would say similar to our California utilities, I just start-off, let's say in the Oncor you recall, filed its base rate application in May with a view toward reaching a final regulatory outcome later this year. But we've got Allen with us on the call and Allen perhaps it would be helpful, if you just provide some additional color around the process as we move forward from today to get to a good outcome that benefits the rate payers of Texas.
Allen Nye: Yes. You bet, Jeff. Thanks for the question. As Jeff said, let me just start by saying kind of where we are and then I'll get to where I think we're going. Jeff said, we filed in May, right now we're in the discovery phase of the proceeding, so we've been asked quite a few RFIs we're responding to them now. Kind of some important dates that are coming up, discovery will end on our direct case on the 22nd of this month. Intervenor testimony is due on August 26. And then staff testimony would be due on September 2nd, with a hearing on the merits, only if it's necessary obviously September 26 through October 5. So that's kind of where we are right now. Now where we're going and you know, I've said on these calls, many times over the last five years or so. We have a very strong reputation in Austin and that strong reputation is built over years and years of doing the right thing and being able to get along and work with our constituents and our state and staff and find solutions for difficult problems including rate cases. And so we have a history of finding good outcomes, these rate cases that benefit our customers and our state ERCOT market in our company. It's always important in rate cases, it's essential really to allow the interveners to have time to analyze your filing, our filing and to ask the appropriate questions that they need to do that analysis, and that's what we're doing now. However, we are in constant communication with all the parties in our case. And we will very soon, once they have asked the questions they need to ask, engage them in serious settlement negotiations, and we have done in the past, we know how to do it. It's not easy. But we're going to work very hard to try and figure out something that benefits us in the state and our customers. And that will be over the next few weeks or months. So by the time we get back in October, I suspect we'll have a lot more to talk about one way or the other. But that's kind of where we are now, where we're going, I feel very good about our case, I feel very good about our relationship. I feel very good about our history in the manner in which we engage these stakeholders in these settlement discussions. And we'll work very hard to try and make that happen in the near future. But right now, we're still in the discovery phase, so that's kind of a summary of where we are. Thank you.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Allen.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. Appreciate all the color. Thanks so much.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you.
Operator: I will take our next question from Nick Campanella with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Martin: Good morning, Nick.
Nick Campanella: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Nice to hear from you. I guess, what - I'll keep the question with Allen. And Oncor, we've seen a lot of folks and service territory to adjacent years, kind of talk up their load forecast. And I know that the Board meets an updated capital plan higher on virtually every year, but is there anything kind of specifically discrete and different about this year versus prior years when we're kind of thinking about the magnitude of what's needed for the system here?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, it's a great question. I will frame it two different ways and pass it to you Allen. I think it might be helpful, if we just move to some of the growth drivers that you've been seeing in your marketplace, number one. And Nick, the reason that's important is, I think there is an expectation that the current $15 billion capital program when it gets revisited on the Board with Trevor and I, later in the fall, it has an opportunity just to meet growth for that budget to be increased. I don't want to get ahead of our Board decision on that. But secondly Allen, maybe talk about the work that your team is doing beyond just meeting capital growth and how that might play into the fall?
Allen Nye: Yes, Jeff, I appreciate the question again. And I'll start with just, what we're seeing on the growth side to your point. The state continues to your point, Nick, see just very high demand for our services and very strong growth, both organic and demographic growth. We're still seeing 1,500 people a day move here, we are seeing corporate relocations now, the most Fortune 500 companies in any state. And we're seeing just really large industrial expansions like Samsung in Taylor, TI, GlobiTech and Sherman, things like that. So our kind of growth statistics, I know, are covered in our earnings release and Trevor mentioned them as well in his presentation, so I'm not going to go into detail there. But suffice to say, we are on a very strong path on as far as premises go, include - independent of what we have in our press release just a couple of other factors. In June, we received the largest request for service to new subdivisions in our Company's history, so that's one. And then two, for July, our serve new request are up about 40% above what we had in our forecast which were already very strong. So the outlook on the premise side is very positive, transmission POIs as stated in our materials are at historic record highs. And then we continue to see just incredible demand out west and need for investment as we continue to see new peak after new peak on our Culberson Loop, on the Far West Texas weather zone and then very, very similar growth at Culberson on our Stanton area, Stanton Loop, that serves the Midland basis. So switching back from that to the CapEx, those are some of the things that are going to be in our minds and then we're going to discuss with our Board going into October. And you all know, we do these updates in October and to Jeff's point, we've been already working very hard on that. And so why, yes, we're going into October is kind of traditional load growth, the growth of the state of Texas, all the things we traditionally talked about on these calls. I think what would make this one potentially slightly different. And Jeff alluded to it is, I think we are going about the exercise this year and the team has been working very hard on this. On seeing - given some of the extreme weather that we've been seeing over a period of years now from Yuri to all the things we're going through an ERCOT this summer. We feel we have a real need, it's really necessary that we look at and try to figure out how we can harden our system and make it more resilient. Then so I know many of the utilities are doing the same exercise, some of already announced some things. But that's the other piece of what we have kind of on our plate going into the October Boards. We'll have the traditional growth, which is already causing pressure on our plan. But then we have the other piece, which is what do we want to do to try and ensure that we provide the best customer service, the most reliable service that we can to our customers, given some of these extremes shifts and weather that we're seeing and just the need to address that on our system. So yes, our October Board meeting will probably be a little more expansive, when we talk about CapEx than it has been in the past. And I think that's potentially going to create a lot of opportunities for investment on our system. Thanks.
Nick Campanella: Thanks a lot. That's great. I guess just more a capital allocation question to is, you've have this - you put a six to eight plan out there in the beginning of the year and realized a lot of momentum on this LNG business since then. And as you kind of think through all these financing considerations, should we still be thinking about the same level of buybacks here that was outlined on the fourth quarter '21?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, Nick, I appreciate that question. It's something that Trevor and I've talked a lot about is something we'll continue to have conversations with our Board about. But I would give you a couple of takeaways here. One is buybacks and dividends have been a foundational part of how we thought about capital allocation for a long period of time. Since last summer, that we've had roughly $1.25 billion of shares had been repurchased at a price of roughly $1.32. And at the term, at each juncture across the way we viewed our stock as being undervalued and repurchases, Nick, as an effective tool to create value for owners. Given where our stock is trading today, I will be very clear, we continue to believe our stock is undervalued, particularly given the growth opportunities, we've outlined on today's call and in some of our materials relative to our peer group. That's why as we go into the fall, Trevor will lead the team in revisiting our overall capital allocation strategy to evaluate our opportunities for share repurchases in the future, but he will also evaluate those options, again some of the new capital projects that we likely expect to move into our investment horizon. This exercise, Nick, has done every fall with a view toward driving maximum long-term value to our shareholders.
Nick Campanella: Alright. Appreciate that. Have a good day.
Jeffrey Martin: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: We take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Martin: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good afternoon, Jeff. Pleasure, thank you. So, Jeff, let me clean up on a couple of things here, if there is at least another baseball metaphor here. Just with respect to taxes in IRA legislation here, any thought about AMT and how that breaks up across the businesses here? If you can just super brief here, I get as preliminary?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. Obviously the bills and draft, we think it will go through a variety of changes. We certainly like the support for the EV market. We certainly like the fact that there is an opportunity for the 45Q subsidy to go up. Streamlining, permitting has been raised this bill, it may be separated Julien as part of a companion bill. We think that makes all the sense in the world. In terms of the minimum book tax issue, Trevor, you go and just kind of address how we're looking at that.
Trevor Mihalik: Sure, Jeff. Hi, Julien. Hi look on the initial assessment of what we're looking at right now, we think the earnings impact will really be de minimis or non-existent on an earnings standpoint. And then from a cash tax impact, we think there may be a real slight cash tax impact but very manageable. So I think overall, we think the way it's drafted right now, it's very easy to work through the -
Jeffrey Martin: And we looked at, Julien, against our $36 billion capital program and whether the bill goes forward, it doesn't go forward, we don't see it having a material impact either way.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you for being clear about that. And just going back to Port Arthur here, again we're just trying to sharpen our pencil a little bit. And I get that it's preliminary around your conversations with Bechtel and any number of other parties here. But how do you think about the cost of that project here again? We're looking at a backdrop inflationary in a holistic sense obviously greenfield site. Any updated sense at all, just to kind of frame the value proposition here?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, I'll give you two things to think about, because we haven't publicly announced calls either for Cameron or for Port Arthur, but Cameron because it's a bit brownfield project, it will also have some debottlenecking benefits associated with it. We think it's going to be the one of the lowest per unit cost projects built in the world. Now, obviously we need to get some work done here, it's still a competitive process. We feel very, very good about the cost structure of that is in addition to the base project. At Port Arthur, it's a greenfield project, the good news both of these are in the Gulf. Then you can kind of look at comparables of what other things are caused in the Gulf region. But the good news is, we've got a world-class EPC contract we're working with. I could not be more excited about our relationship with ConocoPhillips at a call with Ryan Lance, yesterday, their CEO. I think they've done 12 different LNG projects in the world. They're going to bring a lot of value and expertise to our partnership, I think between us and ConocoPhillips and Bechtel, we have an opportunity to get to the right cost structure.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. So leaning on your partners here for some of that. And if I could do that and just when you think about the SPAs and then just lining this up for even the first half of '23 as you alluded to a moment ago. When do we need to start to see that announcement, I mean, it seems like you also have some equity sell downs coming. Is that part of the update this fall here that you kind of alluded to when you think about putting everything together, Trevor, maybe?
Trevor Mihalik: No, I think what we talked about is, we've got a series of work streams underway at Cameron, those were extremes a little bit more discrete. We've got a fair amount of work to be done yet on Port Arthur. And I think what we're saying is, we probably could not be more excited just in, I mean, Julien about where we're at right now, this far in the year about Port Arthur. But I think we've got enough work streams ahead of us what we want to do is choreographed that through the lens of creating a lot of value. And I just want to make this comment to which is, we're running this business for utility shareholders, right. So we have a defined view about our strategy, investing in T&D type assets that have low risk. And there is a lot of other opportunities in LNG space for people that won't be commodity expose or take construction risk. Our job is to make sure that we risk-adjust these projects and put those cash flows in the box, it looks substantially similar to our utility cash flows. And that's the type of work the team will be doing as they choreograph those work streams to make sure we come back later in the fall, we can give our investors a very clear view of how we expect to execute.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Thank you guys. Just an LNG on the mind.
Jeffrey Martin: You're right.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alex Kania with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Alex Kania: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just another one on LNG, any other discussions about maybe potentially an electrifying the terminals. Do you see that a little bit is a kind of a benefit as you're talking to European parties off-takers, petro off-takers, is that important to them? And then maybe if you could elaborate a little bit more just in terms of how you think about the CCUS and development? You mentioned that the tax credit would be - higher tax rate is obviously a good thing, but maybe just thinking about permitting and such being a little bit onerous right now, do you think there may be a way through permitting reform to simplify that as well to make that kind of more kind of more likely potential?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. Thank you for those questions Alex. I will address the first part of your question and pass it to Justin, to talk about some of the carbon sequestration opportunities. But let me go back to some basics here. A little bit over 15 years ago, Sempra was a big energy company, right, a big commodity desk. And I think one of the things we've tried to focus on as part of our strategic work with our Board of Directors, particularly over the last five years - transition to an infrastructure company. And we have a decided view that infrastructure, namely continued investment in the grid and network will be a big part of how we support North America's continued economic expansion. And what we like about it, Alex is, is a lower risk profile as we continue to electrify the grid and move toward green molecules on the gas side, we think we're in a unique position to be a leader in the clean energy transition. So as you think about how we approach Europeans for the sale of LNG, for example, this is right in our sweet spot. So this is not something that's unique to our LNG business. Every one of our facilities in California and there may be a couple of limited examples around our compressor stations. Today, source renewables to power those facilities. And - renewable green tariff from the local utility. In Mexico, we're helping the government move away from oil fired generation to natural gas generation in world kind of top three or four renewable developer there. So going back to your specific question, at Cameron, we think there is an opportunity for the expansion to be built on the basis of electric drives. We actually delayed the project somewhat to make sure that we can be more competitive. And yes, it does help us with the Europeans. But it's actually intrinsically in line with how we think about our own business. So certainly the Europeans like the fact that we're looking at certificating over a longer period of time. Our upstream emissions including where we get our source our natural gas. And from an operating standpoint, if we can power those facilities with the electricity that over time is increasingly decarbonize, we think that's a plus. So over a long period of time, I actually think the United States will be a competitive leader and being able to source and deliver LNG on a more cost competitive basis, but also on the basis of reduce emissions profile. So the second part of your question is the opportunity to sequester carbon, again aligned with my prior comments. But maybe Justin, you could talk about our approach on the sequestration side.
Justin Bird: Yes. Thank you, Jeff. Yes, Alex if you think about Hackberry, we're very excited about that opportunity in part, because it will help reduce the emissions associated with the Cameron facility, equally, we think it's an exciting new business. And I think as EIA has said, we will not get to net-zero without substantial carbon sequestration. So in that light, in the third quarter of '21, we filed for a Class 6 carbon injection well permit with EPA. You talked about permitting reform, I do think it's early stage for EPA to consider these projects and we are doing all we can along with the industry to help support that process and to make this process expedient and to make sure all the right factors are considered. In May of this year, we signed our participation agreement with the Cameron LNG partners to jointly develop the opportunity. We're very excited about it. I think as Jeff referenced earlier a change in the Q45 benefits to that project. But again at a higher level, Alex, I think you asked about the Europeans, I think we as SI, and SI as part of Sempra are doing all that we can to make our projects less admitted and to promote the energy transition. As Jeff mentioned, whether that's through electric drives, whether through carbon sequestration, Jeff made a reference to sourcing gas, we're pursuing responsibly source gas. And also other design and operational changes that will make our projects better.
Alex Kania: Great. Thank you.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Alex.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Britt Sunderland: Hi, good morning. It's Britt Sunderland on for Jeremy. Thanks for the time today. I wanted to follow up on the Circulation Reduction Act questions. California already has some leading environmental goals. But I'm curious if you see any potential changes in the state that could come from greater federal support via the legislation?
Jeffrey Martin: Look, I think the good news is California has been a leader in the environmental space for three or four decades. And I think that one that the great things about the IRA bill is particularly it support for electric vehicles. So I think anything we're doing to help the United States continue to decarbonize is a positive. I think you'll find a lot of collaboration between California policymakers and a lot of the policy alignment that's embedded in that bill. But I would again step back and say, look it's in draft form today, a lot of different folks who have taken different views and perspectives on it. We think it has a number of positive attributes, but I think there will be some changes and revisions going forward. So we're going to continue to evaluate it in its current form.
Britt Sunderland: I appreciate the commentary there. And then separately, this has been asked a couple of different ways, but I just wanted to circle back to the Bechtel work. Can you just provide background on when that started in terms of finalizing the EPC refresh on Port Arthur and just walk from the start of that process to the end of that process and when that should end?
Jeffrey Martin: Look, we've been working with Bechtel for a number of years. From time to time, you'll get updated cost structure and processes from them. It's an open book process that we're working on with them right now. And all you're really talking about is a refresh or bring down to the cost based upon their earlier work, and that's something that is ongoing this fall.
Britt Sunderland: Got it. Thank you very much for your time.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Martin: Good afternoon, Michael.
Michael Lapides: Hi. Good morning, Jeff. Thank you guys for taking my questions. I actually have a couple of, I apologize. The first one labor and wage inflation, we saw SoCalGas had recently make a Z Factor filing, we haven't actually seen one of those in a while in California. Talking about incremental cost in between rate cases to get alignment. Can you talk both for the California utility and the Texas utility and maybe how they are different, in terms of just what you're seeing in the O&M expense escalation?
Jeffrey Martin: Well, what we try do is, we lay out our five-year plan, Michael, each fall we adjust that for expectation of costs and O&M and in capital. Today, what the good news is, as you think about other participants in the marketplace, they've had rate cases a year ago or two, three years ago. I have been following the Edison case. But what's most important for us is, we're actually filed all three of our rate cases in May of this year. And Allen outlined it earlier today, but Allen expects to get through his rate case proceeding this year with a good outcome we hope. And then SDG&E and SoCalGas, the most important part of this is SoCalGas just recently reached their labor agreement with their union. All of these current costs are going into the rate cases that were filed in May. And there will be a bring down to our cost structure here in California. And I think it's in October, November filing. So separate and apart from various mechanisms and account for this, I think one of the thing that really is a benefit to Sempra and is really a tailwind is to bring down on all of our cost, really in the next six to 12 months. The other thing which is related to your question, which I would mind touch on Michael, is the interest rate environment which obviously impacts all three of these businesses given how much their leverage to debt. But Trevor and his team have been actively managing our exposure to maturities and variable cost borrowings. So think about this as an example. Since 2017, we've been able to reduce our debt to cap from roughly 46% to 47% today, and we don't have any maturities between now and 2027. At our utilities, we have limited near term maturities, all of which are in the regulatory mechanisms in California and Texas. And at Sempra Infrastructure, you recall we've got a standalone balance sheet and done a lot of recent financings. They all are very limited near term maturities. So we even worked with KKR and ADIA and raised [$1 million] in the last 12 months from that business. So, as you think about our cost structure, it will be updated in our current pending rate cases. Things like interest rates which were following closely, we think we're in great shape on.
Allen Nye: And Jeff, just as a cleanup, it was 56 to 47, yes, so 56...
Michael Lapides: Understood. And this one maybe for Trevor. Just curious how you're thinking about that coming, look on core CapEx may go up, just given the new connects in the demand trends which have been phenomenal in that part of Texas or those parts of Texas. And you've already got the CapEx lined up as part of the California rate cases. It doesn't seem like LNG CapEx would ramp dramatically next year and probably be more in 2024 and beyond, then a lot of that would be self-funded down at the operating subsidiary. You're sitting with $2 billion of cash on the books, you have almost no short-term debt or very limited amount of short-term are currently maturing debt on the books. At what point do you actually think you're getting under-levered?
Jeffrey Martin: Well, obviously we've got a record capital program of $36 billion, I think you can take from today's call, as we go through the processes this fall. I think if I was going to take over or under, when we come back on our February call next year. I would certainly take the over. We feel great about our balance sheet, but Trevor maybe as you think about where you expect to Oncor CapEx to go? How are you thinking about managing the balance sheet going forward?
Trevor Mihalik: Yes. Sure, Jeff. And Michael, just with regards to the balance sheet, that's kind of just a flash in time, and so a lot of that those cash proceeds that we got from the sale of the 10% ADIA are sitting on the balance sheet there. And again, we have deployed that cash to paydown certain short-term debt since that period of time. But again, as Jeff said, we've got an opportunity to continue to deploy capital across the three businesses. But in particular we're seeing a lot of opportunity at Oncor and at the Cali utilities to continue to harden the systems and bring our growth to their various resources and their rate base areas. And so we feel good about deploying that capital into the CapEx plan. And as we continue to see CapEx most likely going up in the near term that will be a way to continue deploying that cash.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And can you remind me, Trevor, does the Oncor generally dividend cash back up to the Sempra holding company or does Oncor retain that cash to finance its growth?
Trevor Mihalik: No, Oncor will distribute certain amounts of cash back up under the LLC agreement that we have. And they do it both in dividends with excess cash, as well as tax payments back up to us, so that we can cover the tax, the cash tax payments on their earnings. Right now, they do have a lot of capital in front of them, and we continue to see us deploying cash into that business, but we are getting at a minimum cash tax payments on a quarterly basis back from Oncor.
Michael Lapides: Oncor is largely self-funding from the Sempra Holding Company?
Trevor Mihalik: Absolutely. Yes, Oncor is self-funding.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. Great. Thank you guys. Much appreciated. Congrats on a really good quarter.
Jeffrey Martin: Thanks, Michael.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Levine with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: Hi, everybody.
Jeffrey Martin: Hi, Ryan.
Ryan Levine: In terms of the LNG cargo diversion for the quarter, can you comment on how impactful that was during the second quarter? And if you expect any benefits from that have to be a day of contractual opportunity that you have into the future quarters and beyond?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. Thank you for the question, Ryan, I'll pass it to a Citi alumnus and let Faisel respond to you.
Faisel Khan: Yes, Ryan. So I think we've talked about the sort of the exposure, quite a bit over the last several years, it's really comes down to sort of our contract with Tangguh by 0.5 Bcf a day as you mentioned. And so for every dollar increase or decrease in the index price in our earnings sort of move up and down from that contract by just over $10 million in after-tax earnings. So that's kind of what you see. Whether the cargos come in or not really isn't important, it's just the contract itself is indexed to a price.
Ryan Levine: Give a sense on what that was during this quarter?
Faisel Khan: We give you - we disclosed on an annualized basis. So, I mean, if you want to, you can kind of split up that way, but that's kind of how the contract work is, there is seasonality to it.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then it was briefly mentioned the Hackberry's CCUS opportunity, the extent the inflation reduction were to pass, is that enough to reach FID there? Would there be any mitigating hurdles to cross to move that project forward?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. I appreciate the question, obviously, similar to some other projects we're continuing the process there from a permitting standpoint. We've recently made some progress with the participation agreement with the Cameron partners. Obviously, if that goes forward, it moves it from $50 a metric tonne to $85 a metric tonne, which certainly improves the economics. So it's a project that we're optimistic about in terms of building, Ryan. But just as importantly, it's thematic to how we think about making Cameron more competitive as an LNG exporter.
Ryan Levine: Okay. Thank you for taking my questions.
Jeffrey Martin: Thanks a lot, Ryan.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Hi, good morning.
Jeffrey Martin: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson: So, I wanted to touch basically you on the provision in the Senate for a netting fee. It sounds like you guys are pretty well positioned in terms of your own operations at least your opening comments, et cetera, about being ahead in California. A. Is that correct assessment? And then B. I'm just wondering is there any potential opportunity assuming that's correct to perhaps engage in activity with other parties, perhaps lowering their netting stuff, any comments on that?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, it's a very interesting questions, so thank you for raising that. I'll give you a couple of thoughts, which as you may have seen in our materials that since 2015, SoCalGas has really been on their horse, trying to reduce methane or fugitive emissions. They've got them down about 37%, well above the target that states that for 2025, and very close to the targets in some states for 2030. So this is going to be an issue of innovation, new technology, how you kind of improve your operational processes. And I think natural gas, Paul, has a long-term role in the economy here in the United States and globally. And I think they will not be an energy transition without energy security, is a base fuels like natural gas are imported. But if we don't get about the business about making sure that we don't have fugitive emissions, we're going to handicap the long-term viability of natural gas as being part of the energy mix. So there is no question that California has lead in this area. And the second part of your question is kind of interesting. I do think there'll be a very - there'll be a number of very large business built over the next decade and decade and a half around carbon trading. And companies that can assist others in reducing their carbon footprint, because remember at least today, the goal is net-zero by 2050. So the ability to basically lower your emissions, get credit for it, offset other emissions will be really important. And I think that's the business case that many people will be evaluating.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. And then San Diego, I think earlier this week passed a sort of let's say a carbon plan that dealt with the request of electrification and gas sort of an anti-fossil fuel sort of thing. Just wondering how you guys have a - what you guys think of it and what it may or may not mean to you guys?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. I'll give you a couple of thoughts. One is, I made this comment earlier, but we're an infrastructure company right. And the beautiful thing about that is in California, we'll go out and purchase a fuel at a certain price whether be electricity and natural gas. We will run a really highly efficient system and we pass that cost onto the customers without markup. So whether we're selling more natural gas or less natural gas, isn't really a financial issue to us. What we do believe in, is decarbonizing California. So we've made a goal to be a leader in electrification. But we also believe, Paul, over time we as state will be agnostic as to whether it's a green electron or a green molecule. So in San Diego, similar to L.A. and other parts of the States, there established a precedent where they'd rather focus on electrification and look at SDG&E, we're in both, right. So if you reduce capital investment in natural gas and you have to increase capital investment in new projects and electrification. Again this is not a financial impact to us. What we worry about in the process or where the people are inadvertently driving up the cost without the benefit that they might think from that. But look we're supportive of where the city wants to go and I think one thing that's unique about our business, whether we're in Louisiana or Mexico or California, we're strongly aligned with supporting policy makers and making sure we're advancing services for consumers. So, we don't tend to be obstructionists on these types of issues, we tend to try to find a way to help them meet their goals.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. Thanks so much. Have a good one.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Craig Shere of Tuohy. Please go ahead.
Craig Shere: So, two LNG related questions. First, things you're focused more on mid-scale in Mexico, there is a variety of drivers for that. But we are hearing that nickel inflation is weighing more on the large-scale design versus mid-scale. And I was wondering if you have some thoughts about inflation, optimal design for the U.S., as we look past Cameron Phase 2 and Port Arthur Phase 1, and then I've just one more.
Jeffrey Martin: Well, I appreciate the question, certainly, nickel is an important component in a variety of industrial processes including LNG facilities. The focus on mid-scale projects in Mexico appeals to us from a number of angles. One is, these are particularly, Vista Pacifico and Salina Cruz, our greenfield projects. And number two, we tend to try to avoid adding pipeline cost to a project. So in the Vista Pacifico case, we get a leverage of existing pipelines. In the ECA Phase 1 case, we had an existing pipeline, there are no new tanks for example at Cameron when you move to the larger scale projects, so we're not impacted by nickel. But that's one of the reason that your question is important is, it's not just nickel, there is inflationary pressures across the entire supply chain and that's why we're getting the work done with your EPC contractors to have your calls refresh and make sure you marry those up with your HOAs and SPAs to preserve your economics are so important. So you raise an important issue and it's one that we address an overall cost structure.
Craig Shere: Right. And my last question and I preface this by saying, I'm not saying it's a probable scenario. But would you view it as crazy, I think we could have four LNG FIDs in 2023 totaling perhaps 25 to over 35 MTPA, combining Cameron's Phase 2, Port Arthur and some combination of a second and third Mexican liquefaction project.
Jeffrey Martin: Craig, I certainly appreciate your optimism and I can tell you that the folks that spend time with particularly in the international oil and gas community. I think there is a growing recognition that the world today is short, natural gas. And I think not only is it short natural gas in key parts of the civilized world, OECD nations to non-OECD nations, where short infrastructure in key markets to export it. So we're going to be very disciplined about how we think about progress going forward. Justin, did a good job of articulating the various stakeholders, who are working with is. Right now, our primary focus is on making sure we deliver ECA Phase 1 on time and on budget. It takes up a lot of Justin's attention, that's our top priority. Secondly, we've taken the step and given some guidance around when we expect to take FID at Cameron. We think this is a world-class project, the type of partners we have there are absolutely excellent and partners that we've worked with for a long period of time. And as it come comes to Port Arthur and other opportunities, there is no question that there is tremendous excitement on the marketing side of it and it's our job to take additional time to make sure we line up the economics, manage the risk and do it in a way that creates a win for our utility shareholders.
Craig Shere: Thank you.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you for joining us.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Yes. Thanks so much for taking my question. Hopefully really easy one and I do wish your Padre's luck after the big signing earlier this week. So, if you're focused on an offtake agreement for the LNG. Just, I guess I just want to understand, is there significant competition from the LNG terminals? I'm kind of look at it from the offtake you're signing, like other than price, what else would a purchaser - purchase of the LNG use to pick Terminal A versus Terminal B or are other options?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, well, let me just start by saying that, a lot of times people tend to focus on company A versus company B versus Sempra. And the way I try to think about it is the United States has a big role to play and you're out there, competing as a nation against Australia and the Qataris, North Russia, Mozambique and other locations. As you get down in the United States, you start thinking about competitive advantages. One of the things, it's a lot of people are focused on is the relative advantages of having a West Coast facility that can shorten the transit time on the high seas from roughly 25 or 26 days to go from the Gulf Coast through the Panama Canal to Asia. Whereas a West Coast export facility can do that in 10 or 11 days. In the Gulf Coast, it really is well positioned, obviously to serve, Europe. And as you talk to those parties, a couple of things that creates an advantage for us. Number one, we're a $50 billion equity value company, we've got a strong balance sheet, we've been in the gas business for over 100 years. We have a lot of established relationships. So, if you're talking with a utility in Europe, those are important to them, that we've got that utility background that strong balance sheet. Also, we've got a track record, right. We've been in the LNG business for close to 17 years now. We're not a new entrant, so I think scale, strength of balance sheet, track record is important. And obviously having Cameron is one of the flagship projects in America today. It's a really, really important part of our reputation and we take the operational excellence at that facility, it's one of our top obligation. So if you look - this is not about us talking down the competition. We've got a pretty unique footprint, and that's been recognized today when we market our projects. It has created a lot of excitement around our opportunity to bring some of these to the market.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you for joining us.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Jeff Martin for any additional or closing remarks.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I just like you conclude by thanking everyone for joining us. I know it's a busy day with a lot of other competing company calls. If there are any follow-up items please reach out to our IR team with any additional questions. Also want to mention, Trevor and Glen, look forward to seeing many of you who are attending the Citi Conference later this month. I think that's on the 16th and 17th in Las Vegas. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Sempra first quarter earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded.  At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Donovan. Please go ahead.
Glen Donovan: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Sempra's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section.  We have several members of our management team with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Lisa Alexander, Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Chief Sustainability Officer; Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Faisel Khan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sempra Infrastructure; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Kevin Sagara, Executive Vice President and Group President; and Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer.  Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. All of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only of today, May 5, 2022. And it's important to note that the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future.  With that, please turn to Slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Glen, and thank you all for joining us today. Against the backdrop of a challenging economic environment, our company remains focused on executing our T&D investment strategy in our core markets. Sempra California is preparing to submit GRC filings at both SDG&E and SoCalGas later this month, focused on providing safe, reliable and cleaner energy to its 26 million consumers.  Turning to Texas, Oncor is executing on its record 5-year capital plan focused on critical T&D infrastructure investments across its service territory to support strong demographic growth and plans to file its rate case later this month. And at Sempra Infrastructure, they're developing a platform that's uniquely positioned to export LNG directly from the Gulf and Pacific Coast to customers in Europe and Asia.  The recent tragic events unfolding in Ukraine have highlighted the need for secure access to reliable sources of cleaner energy and Sempra Infrastructure is well positioned to be part of the solution. Our strategy of investing in T&D infrastructure to expand and modernize North America's energy systems across each of our 3 growth platforms is continuing to drive our record $36 billion, 5-year capital plan and has helped us deliver another quarter of strong financial results.  Also in April, we completed $250 million of share repurchases under our existing board authorization. In the last 6 months, we've returned $750 million of capital to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases, which taken together with our dividend program, demonstrates our commitment to returning value to our owners while remaining focused on investing in and growing our businesses as part of the disciplined capital allocation strategy.  Shifting to our quarter results. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $2.91. We're also affirming our full year adjusted EPS guidance range for 2022 and our EPS guidance range for 2023. Please turn to the next slide.  I'd now like to briefly highlight some of the key strategic advantages of our T&D portfolio. Sempra's 3 growth platforms are strategically positioned in highly attractive and contiguous markets in North America and serve one of the largest utility consumer bases in the United States. Our strong position helps create momentum for critical investments in advancing safety, reliability and cleaner energy as the global energy market continues to evolve. We also believe our platforms will play an important role in building the energy systems of the future.  Please turn to the next slide where I'll turn the call over to Lisa to provide an update on our sustainable business practices.
Lisa Alexander: Thanks, Jeff. I'm pleased to share that we recently issued our annual Corporate Sustainability Report for the 14th consecutive year. Sustainability is central to our strategy, capital allocation and sustained performance. Throughout our report, you'll see examples of our sustainable business practices, including how we've aligned our portfolio with long-term macroeconomic market and policy trends. Among other factors, our corporate strategy is focused on enhancing safety, climate resilience and affordability and capturing new investments in infrastructure that support increasingly diversified and cleaner forms of energy.  One of the key improvements to the report is our enhanced ESG reporting to address the evolving needs of our stakeholders in light of a constantly changing environment. We appreciate the collaboration and continue to align our reporting to track and deliver on key ESG metrics. A couple of other highlights from the report are reflected on this slide. Recently, SDG&E issued its decarbonization road map for California, the path to net zero, which demonstrates our position as a leader in helping the state reach its goal of carbon neutrality by 2045. It's also important to note that safety is foundational to our business. We're continuing the essential work of helping ensure employee and contractor safety and operational excellence.  For example, ECA LNG recently surpassed 1 million hours worked without a lost time injury. Additionally, customer affordability is another top priority, and we're investing in the necessary infrastructure to help mitigate operating risks and enable a just energy transition. This approach of investing in our business while striving to maintain affordability underscores our values of doing the right thing, championing people and our unwavering commitment to safety across our operations. Finally, we have a demonstrated history of sound corporate governance and oversight by our Board of Directors. The report highlights our Board's skills and experience and, among other areas, cybersecurity, energy transition and operational excellence. Our strength in sustainable business practices has been recognized by experts in the sector, including the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index. And we've been named to the list for 4 consecutive years. Notably, we are the only North American utility company to be so recognized.  I'm very proud of the collective effort from each of our businesses and our shared work with all our stakeholders. With sustainability at the heart of our corporate strategy, it provides a clear sense of purpose for our 20,000 employees.  Please turn to the next slide, where I'll hand the call over to Trevor to provide business and financial updates.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Lisa. We made solid progress in the first quarter with a number of positive developments at each of our operating companies. Beginning with California, we're excited about SDG&E's completion of the Cleveland National Forest Fire Hardening and Safety Project, which is an example of SDG&E's commitment to making its electric system safer and more reliable.  Next, I'd like to remind you of an important decision issued by the CPUC in February, establishing a statewide renewable natural gas procurement standard with procurement targets for California's investor-owned gas utilities in 2025 and 2030. This decision reaffirms the role of renewable natural gas in the state, and we view it as a significant step toward the future of cleaner fuels in California. Against that backdrop, SoCalGas continues to execute on its own goal of 20% renewable natural gas delivery to its core customers by 2030.  In April, both SDG&E and SoCalGas filed their cost of capital applications to update each of their authorized rates of return, which would be effective for 2023 through 2025. We expect a decision by year-end. Regarding SDG&E's off-cycle cost of capital application for 2022, we expect a decision later this year. For more information on the cost of capital filings, please refer to the appendix.  Additionally, both utilities plan to file their general rate cases with the CPUC in the coming weeks to update their authorized revenue requirements for 2024 through 2027. Among other considerations, our filings will focus on safety and reliability investments, while also looking to advance the state's clean energy goals. We look forward to working with the commission and all of our stakeholders on these important regulatory proceedings. Shifting to Texas. It's important to note that in 2021, it was a record year for Oncor in terms of the new and active requests for transmission interconnections, highlighting the rapid economic growth in its service territory. This growth has continued in the first quarter of 2022, with a 78% increase in new interconnection requests compared to the first quarter of 2021. Oncor's service territory continues to experience strong new commercial development and population increases as demonstrated by Oncor connecting approximately 16,000 new premises in the first quarter.  Additionally, last month, Oncor's Board of Directors approved an update to its 2022 capital plan from $2.8 billion to $3 billion. While Oncor's Board typically approves the annual capital plan in October, this off-cycle approval is another example of the robust economic growth in Texas, driving investments to support transmission and distribution expansion. Also in March, Oncor received approval of its transmission cost of service filing for the recovery of its 2021 capital investments. Oncor also plans to file its rate case with the Public Utilities Commission of Texas later this month. Now let's shift to Sempra Infrastructure, which is focused on making critical new investments that support the energy transition. As part of this strategy, Sempra Infrastructure is working to export LNG directly from the Gulf and Pacific Coasts to customers in Europe and Asia. Furthermore, our U.S.-Mexico cross-border infrastructure business supports the growing integration of North American energy markets. As part of our effort to develop Cameron LNG Phase II, we've successfully reached a number of important commercial and permitting milestones and are now progressing towards the engineering stage of the project.  As a reminder, in January, we filed our amendment with the FERC to transition from gas turbines to electric drives. If approved, this would result in a more capital-efficient single train with an estimated 44% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions compared to the previous design. Also, last month, we signed project development agreements and an HOA with Cameron LNG partners to advance Phase 2 of the project. These arrangements provide the commercial framework for the development of a fourth train as well as increased production capacity through debottlenecking activities from the existing 3 trains.  Sempra Infrastructure contemplates taking its share of the offtake and selling it under long-term sale and purchase agreements to third parties. In summary, under the proposed arrangement, Cameron LNG Phase 2 would be fully contracted prior to reaching a final investment decision.  In addition, we selected 2 FEED contractors to run a competitive process, which is intended to culminate in a fixed-price turnkey EPC contract. The FEED process is expected to conclude in the summer of 2023, which would allow us to evaluate taking FID thereafter. We believe we have a strong plan of execution, and this detailed and rigorous FEED process will result in better scope, definition, cost and schedule for the project.  Next, as we continue to advance our dual market strategy, we broadened our alliance with TotalEnergies to advance the Vista Pacifico LNG project and to explore renewable opportunities in North America. The MOU to develop Vista Pacifico LNG contemplates that TotalEnergies would receive 1/3 of the project offtake and potentially participate in the project equity.  Given the increasing demand for LNG projects, we're continuing to have active discussions with market participants around Port Arthur LNG. As a reminder, the proposed facility at Port Arthur has advanced permitting and design work and is targeted to have total capacity of approximately 13.5 Mtpa. Lastly, at Sempra Infrastructure, we continue to expect the sale of a 10% interest to ADIA for approximately $1.8 billion to close in the second quarter, subject to customary closing adjustments and conditions.  Please turn to the next slide. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter 2022 GAAP earnings of $612 million or $1.93 per share. This compares to first quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $874 million or $2.87 per share. On an adjusted basis, first quarter 2022 earnings were $924 million or $2.91 per share. This compares to our first quarter 2021 adjusted earnings of $900 million or $2.95 per share. Please turn to the next slide.  The variance in the first quarter 2022 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year can be explained by the following key items: $42 million of lower earnings at Sempra Infrastructure attributable to higher noncontrolling interest, consisting of: $24 million increase as a result of the decrease in our ownership interest of Sempra Infrastructure Partners, net of an increase in our ownership interest in IEnova, and $18 million, primarily due to an increase in Sempra Infrastructure Partners' subsidiaries net income.  This was offset by $27 million of higher equity earnings at Sempra Texas Utilities, primarily due to the increased revenues from the rate updates to reflect increases in invested capital, higher customer consumption and customer growth; $25 million of higher transportation and terminal earnings at Sempra Infrastructure; and $22 million of higher CPUC base operating margin, net of operating expenses at SDG&E. Please turn to the next slide.  To summarize, we've continued to invest in our record capital plan to help build the energy networks of the future. We're pleased about the strength of our financial performance this quarter, and we'll remain highly focused on executing our strategy and capital program throughout the remainder of the year.  With that, this concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now stop and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just Jeff, starting off with the LNG updates today. Can you just maybe further elaborate on the Cameron 4 timing updates? Obviously, part of the limiting element was the engineering piece. Does the latest update potential eliminate some of the future time line risk? Is this kind of the last FID delay we should expect?
Jeffrey Martin: Shar, thank you for the question. I've got some feedback from some other investors there may have been portions of the script that I need to make sure that we read. Just give me 1 second to clean up the script, and we'll come back to your question, okay?
Shahriar Pourreza: Sure.
Jeffrey Martin: The part I'd like to review for the investment community is against the backdrop of a challenging economic environment, our company remains focused on executing our T&D investment strategy in our core markets. Sempra California is preparing to submit GRC filings at both SDG&E and SoCalGas later this month, focused on providing safe, reliable and cleaner energy to its 26 million consumers.  Turning to Texas, Oncor is executing on its record 5-year capital plan focused on critical T&D infrastructure investments across its service territory to support strong demographic growth and plans to file its rate case later this month. At Sempra Infrastructure, they're developing a platform that's uniquely positioned to export LNG directly from the Gulf and Pacific Coasts to customers in Europe and Asia. The recent tragic events unfolding in Ukraine have highlighted the need for secure access to reliable sources of cleaner energy, and Sempra Infrastructure is well positioned to be part of the solution.  Our strategy of investing in T&D infrastructure to expand and modernize North America's energy systems across each of our 3 growth platforms is continuing to drive our record $36 billion, 5-year capital plan and has helped us deliver another quarter of very strong financial results. Also in April, we completed $250 million of share repurchases under our existing Board authorization.  Now in the last 6 months, we've returned $750 million of capital to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases, which, taken together with our dividend program, demonstrates our commitment to returning value to our owners while remaining focused on investing in and growing our businesses as part of a disciplined capital allocation strategy.  Shifting to our quarter results. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $2.91. We're also affirming our full year adjusted EPS guidance range for 2022 and our EPS guidance range for 2023. So these remarks should be read together with the remarks we made earlier this morning.  And turning back to you, Shar. Based on the nature of question, I want to agree with you. Look, we're very excited about the Cameron Phase 2 project. There was a flurry of activity in the first quarter that I think gives us a lot more confidence today about that project's ability to move forward. We have estimated that by putting together 2 competitive EPC contractors, that additional time will improve the scope, it will improve the definitive detail around the engineering and help us have a better project in the long run.  And I oftentimes use and what is probably a poor metaphor, Shar, when we refer to golf, the goal is not to play 18 rounds of golf in 2 hours. The goal is to basically shoot the lowest possible score. And we've been in this business for just over 15 years. And when it comes to executing on the LNG project, all the planning upfront makes a tremendous amount of difference. So right now, we're estimating that, that EPC work will come together in the summer of 2023. And soon thereafter, we'll take FID.  So I think the key takeaway really is, as you described, we've added a lot more detail to our execution plans, and the probability that this project go forward has increased significantly in the last quarter.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. Perfect. And then just, Jeff, just lastly, can you maybe just address the project development pipeline? I mean, this optionality means -- I mean, in our viewpoint, more now than it ever has, given sort of the issues you highlighted happening overseas in your prepared remarks, right? Maybe starting off with sort of the ability to deliver more capacity, is there demand for Vista Pacifico and more importantly, for Port Arthur, the engineering and permitting in relatively advanced stages, given the history of the projects? I mean, would you be able to move faster to address the market demand in terms of setting future FIDs?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, it's a great question. Let me try to take it in a couple of pieces here. I'll start at the very top and say that we're one of the few developers in the U.S. LNG community that has a shot at delivering up to 30 million tons per annum of new capacity to the marketplace. And what I'd like to do, Shar, is let me just give you a quick overview of what we're seeing in the macro environment for LNG. And then I'll pass it to Justin. And Justin, I think it will be helpful if you just start on Slide 13 and walk the audience through your entire development pipeline.  But for those of you who have been following our company for the last 3 to 5 years, we've often discussed our forecast of a second wave of U.S. LNG development that would be necessary by the middle of this decade. And when you have properly functioning markets, they tend to pull forward both risk and opportunity. I think that's what we're seeing today.  In this case, with the tragic war in Ukraine, the sanctions against Russia highlights several considerations. First, today, Europe benefits from about 18 million cubic feet per day of Russian gas. And if you were being asked to replace all of that and you convert that to capacity, that would be 127 million tons per annum of new capacity that's required to supply Europe. That would be more than double. All of the existing plans are on the table in the United States LNG community.  So a couple of highlights as I thought about it is a clear takeaway is that energy security is a foundational component to transitioning toward a clean energy future. The second takeaway is European markets are clearly net short LNG in the near and medium term, and that's clearly showing up in a record strip of foreign prices -- forward prices all across the curve. And finally, strong growth continues in Asia, and over the long term, I want to emphasize that Asia remains the #1 growth market for U.S. LNG.  With these considerations in mind, I believe the U.S. LNG community is in the best position to respond to the needs of both markets, and that's why we're actively pursuing commercial arrangements with both European and Asian buyers, and that's why we've had a high number of market announcements in the last quarter.  And Justin, if you don't mind, let's just walk through Slide 13 and give a comprehensive overview of the development we have underway.
Justin Bird: Thank you, Jeff. Thanks, Shar. First off, to echo Jeff's thoughts, we're very pleased with the significant progress we've made on our LNG projects over the last quarter. Cameron Phase 1 is in operations and we're proud to say is producing over 100% of the volumes that we expected at this time.  ECA Phase 1, again, 3 million tonnes per annum brownfield located just south of San Diego, only project to take FID in 2020. That project is on time and on budget. Technip is doing a great job there. As Lisa mentioned in her prepared remarks, we have achieved over 1 million work hours without a recordable safety incident. We're very proud of our safety record. And we remain on track to begin producing LNG by the end of 2024.  Turning next to Phase 2 at Cameron. Again, very exciting brownfield expansion project, real cost advantage in the market. We talk about an additional approximate 7 Mtpa, one of which comes from the debottlenecking and approximately 6 comes from the additional train. We have made progress on all 3 of the milestones that I mentioned in prior calls.  On the permitting front, FERC has published a schedule that shows they expect to issue an environmental assessment in December, which would hopefully give us the permit in the first quarter of 2023. On the commercial side, we announced a project development agreement and an HOA with our partners. We are making progress on marketing those volumes that we will take, and we should expect progress in that in the next quarter.  On the engineering side, as Jeff mentioned, we are running a competitive FEED process. And we do expect that to be completed in the summer. And as Jeff mentioned, we think that process will ensure that we have enough scope definition and engineering work to take FID.  Moving next to Vista Pacifico. Here, we're targeting up to 4 million tonnes per annum. And we recently signed the MOU with CFE in support of the project and announced a broadening of our strategic alliance with Total, who is looking at 1/3 of the project's offtake and potentially a minority equity stake. Still an early-stage project but has a strong competitive advantage as a Pacific outlet to U.S. natural gas to Asia.  Port Arthur, again, the largest project in our portfolio with 13.5 million tonnes per annum in Phase I. As you mentioned, because of its scale and advanced permitting status, we're seeing a significant renewed interest in Port Arthur, and we're advancing commercial discussions with a number of partners and key off-takers.  Also on the list, which, again, is not included in the close to 30 million tonnes that Jeff talked about is ECA Phase 2. We think this is a project that will make sense. And we're working on looking at opportunities there to bring in gas and to optimize the design of that project. So again, I think it's been a tremendous quarter. We have made tremendous progress on LNG. I'm very proud of that business line and what they've achieved.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just obviously, a robust pipeline of LNG projects here. Maybe just -- maybe this is probably in Trevor's bucket. But as we think about financing of these projects, should we be thinking about project debt, minority equity interest and minimum equity at the Sempra level? That's part one of my question.  And then part 2, would you consider further sell-down of the SIP stake in order to fund this kind of robust opportunity, which is clearly multiples of billions of dollars over the next few years?
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Durgesh. And I'll start with part one of your question first. I think if you go back over the last 4, 5 years, we've been successful in growing our earnings per share at a CAGR of 11%. And to do that, we really reshuffled our portfolio, sold down noncore assets. And in the last 18 months, you've seen us consolidated our unregulated business under one platform.  And the reason we formed Sempra Infrastructure was we thought there was an opportunity to do 3 things: simplify the business model, consolidate those cash flows and create an investment-grade balance sheet and bring in and diversify the capital structure with a view toward highlighting value for owners. So we've notched that in the ADIA transaction at roughly an $18 billion equity value. In terms of sell-downs, I'd like to get the ADIA deal done first before we consider that. But right now, we have such a wonderful slate of growth in front of us.  We're very happy with our current 3 platforms, and we're very happy to own 70% of that business going forward. And as we go forward in time, we'll always work with our Board of Directors to look at opportunities to continue to optimize that business. But in terms of financing, one of the benefits of consolidating the IEnova platform with LNG and establish an investment-grade balance sheet is that business is now self-funded.  And I thought it would be helpful, Faisel, as the CFO of Sempra Infrastructure, perhaps you could give them an example of how you think about financing these projects on your own balance sheet.
Faisel Khan: Yes, sure. Thanks, Jeff. So I think you'll recall in the past that we've talked about sort of all the potential sort of levers or sources of capital that we can pull in to finance these projects. So first and foremost, Project Finance is one of the key areas we look at as we're signing these 20-year contracts with high creditworthy counterparties. I mean, PF can basically supply 50% to 60% of the capital we need.  Partner capital, we've talked about that. You've seen us execute on that with Cameron and at ECA. So if you think about 10% to 30% of an equity sell-down to some of these projects, that pulls in another slug of capital. And then when you think about what Jeff just talked about, our retained cash flows, we have strong cash flows off our existing assets. Those retained earnings definitely can be applied back into the equity needs for the project. We also have the ability to work with our partners in capital calls. So I think we have a lot of diverse sources of capital to pull into these projects.  The other thing, just to give you an example of how we're looking at Cameron, so as we think about financing that project with our partners, if you remember, Cameron has this amortizing debt capacity at the project. And so that, in itself, is creating balance sheet capacity as we go through each year. So roughly, call it, almost $0.5 billion of debt is being amortized on a proportional basis to us, so that gives us the ability to go in and create debt capacity there and finance the expansion.  So that just gives you an example, but suffice to say, we've got a lot of different areas we could pull capital of and still maintain Sempra at 70% ownership in Infrastructure.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Faisel.
Durgesh Chopra: Just one quick follow-up. In your MOU with Total, you guys talked about pursuing like renewable opportunities, including offshore. Maybe just, can you talk to that a little bit? The reason why I ask that question, obviously, is one of your peers' utilities is kind in the market for sort of dropping their offshore projects. So just curious as to what you're targeting there? Is that international offshore, domestic offshore? And any other color you can provide?
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I will frame this for you and pass it to Justin for the specific response. As you recall that we built roughly a 3,000-megawatt growth portfolio of renewables that we transacted on in 2018 and 2019. And this is a business we know very, very well. Our focus in the renewable space is on selective market opportunities where we think we can produce the right types of hurdle rates. This is a very, very margin-constrained business from Sempra's perspective.  So as we think about a $36 billion capital program, our first dollars go into funding our utility growth. And inside Justin's business, we'll be very selective about the renewable opportunities that we do pursue and making sure we do it in a capital-efficient way with partners.  But maybe, Justin, you could talk about your Clean Power business and why the Total MOU has a positive opportunity for us.
Justin Bird: Yes. Thank you, and thanks for the question, Durgesh. Yes, the MOU with Total and again, there were 2, one covered Vista Pacifico, the other covered looking at certain renewable opportunities in North America, really covers 2 aspects. One is Total's potential participation in some of our future renewable projects in Mexico that could service as Cal ISO well as Total asking us to look at their opportunity for offshore wind that would service California.  So as part of our broad strategic alliance with Total, look, it's a great relationship. We hope to expand it beyond LNG in other areas. And really, these are the first opportunities we're looking at. So clearly, we would look to them to potentially partner in Mexico, and I think they see the value that we can bring in a renewable project into California.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Sounds like this is more California and Mexico than were in the East Coast -- sorry, go ahead, Jeff.
Jeffrey Martin: No, I was going to say thank you, but your summary of that's accurate. It's California, Mexico-focused.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: I won't ask you to go through all the LNG projects again. But just a follow-up on Cameron. So in terms of realistic time lines for both the -- for first, the debottlenecking and then the full expansion, what are realistic kind of time lines for start-up?
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I'll pass that to Justin. You can provide your response.
Justin Bird: Yes. So thanks, Steve. So on the debottlenecking, we are working through the engineering process with our partners. And remember, debottlenecking may be a series of changes that we make over time. So that engineering, we're working through that. We expect that to really continue kind of through late summer, fall, and then we'll figure out the time line for bringing those things on.  Really, that is about, one, optimizing the existing production, not interfering with that, and then finding cost-effective ways to increase that capacity to that approximate one or perhaps more.  In terms of Train 4, again, I think we gave a detailed outline as we move toward FID. And then when we get to the construction period, it's going to be the typical periods that you see, kind of that 4- to 5-year period. And then that's where we are for Cameron Phase 2.  As Jeff mentioned, part of the work we're doing and why the FEED process, we're definitely going to let that run its course through the summer, is that we do think we will get increased certainty on execution plans, better sense of the scope of work, the timing of the work and, frankly, reduce costs.
Jeffrey Martin: The only point that I would clarify for you, Steve, too, is that these projects tend to have something in the neighborhood of a 48-month to 50-month window for construction, so once you take FID.  And secondly, Justin conveyed that accurately, the debottlenecking, because it will be a series of ongoing projects which are conducted concurrent with construction, you'd expect to see the benefit of that 1 million-tonne per annum that we're targeting start to show up across multiple periods between 2024, 2025 and 2026.
Steven Fleishman: And just on the buyback update, so how should I think about the buybacks that have been done relative to, I think, on the last call, you had kind of a $1 billion placeholder in 2023? Is some of this moving forward some of that?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, sure. I would say taking you back, Steve, to the Q4 call, you'll recall that we had completed about $500 million of share repurchases in December of 2021 and in January of 2022. And as part of that, we committed to a long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%. I cited earlier on the call that over the last 5 years, we've grown at roughly 11% in terms of our EPS. So I'm quite comfortable reaffirming our expectation that we are quite comfortable growing this business long term between 6% and 8%.  But we indicated on the Q4 call that we would complete $1 billion share repurchase before the end of 2023. And I would just say at this point, nothing has changed as it relates to that forecast. We've simply brought forward $250 million of that targeted amount. The key takeaway from my perspective and from Trevor's perspective is we're excited to be executing our $36 billion capital program. And we view our dividend program, Steve, together with these periodic share repurchases, is a great way to return value to our shareholders along the way.
Steven Fleishman: That's great. And just one follow-up to that question. So just when you look at your buybacks, you bought a lot of stock at a much lower price, which is great. And then this last $250 million actually was even done at a higher price. And I'm just -- is there any messaging to take from that, that, hey, even at $169, you have a certain view of the stock value. Or was it just more you had the cash sitting around? Or just wondering if there's any message from that.
Jeffrey Martin: No, I think there's a very clear message. And you recall back when our stock was trading at a different price in Q2, Q3, Q4 of last year, we've been fairly consistent about our view of our ability to grow this business at a rate faster than our peers. And in combination, we think we have a very unique growth and income story. We thought that we were undervalued in Q4, and that's one of the reasons we put some dollars to work in the share repurchase program. And if you look at where we were trading relative to the peer group in Q4 of last year, we're just as deeply discounted at this moment in time to our peer group as we were back in Q4. So there's a strong view on this management team that this stock should trade consistent with the peer group or better. And that's one of the reasons we're very comfortable going in the marketplace to continue our share repurchase program.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nicholas Campanella with Credit Suisse.
Nicholas Campanella: So I just -- I hate to just belabor it on the LNG stuff. I just wanted to just make sure we had the project priorities right and just in terms of -- you had a lot out there. We've seen some of your competitors signing various purchase agreements. And I know you're working through multiple projects and Cameron's prioritized, but where do you just feel that you have the best momentum right now? And where should we be looking at -- what products should we be looking at for further announcements in the near term?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. Thank you for the question and we don't mind providing additional color. I think that -- I think I just want to convey that we've been in this business for close to 2 decades and we understand what it takes to get the project done. I'm very pleased that we got ECA Phase 1 moving forward in Q4 of 2020. We've made a lot of progress recently on all of our projects.  But the ones I would focus on is, number one, it's really, really important to this management team and our Board of Directors that we execute our existing capital campaign, and our largest project today is underway at ECA Phase 1. So our top priority is to execute on the existing FID that we took on that project.  Secondly, we spent a lot of airtime in the last 3 or 4 earnings calls talking about Cameron expansion. It truly has a cost advantage in the marketplace. So the ability to basically add one train and effectively, with debottlenecking, 7 million tonnes per annum is a remarkable opportunity against the backdrop of the world being short LNG, particularly at this moment in time in Europe. And then beyond that, we are clearly looking at all the different opportunities around Vista Pacifico and Port Arthur. But I think the thing I always want to convey is we are very, very disciplined. And I gave a poor golf analogy earlier, but from our standpoint, it's not always a race. We think that there's a lot of value and there's a lot of customers in the marketplace that want to work with a company that has a strong balance sheet and a strong record -- a track record and is focused on doing things the right way.  So we think we have a unique position in the marketplace. We don't think about it from a speed perspective, but we think about it from executing with deliberation and the right values to make sure that we can deliver the best risk-adjusted cash flows to our investors. So right now, the focus is making sure we execute on our existing construction program, and that we run headlong toward Cameron expansion with a great group of partners. And as Justin indicated earlier, we expect to have that project fully contracted or substantially so by the end of Q2.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. That's helpful. I guess just like, Jeff, a broader kind of business mix and strategy question. You took over 3 to 4 years ago. You talked a lot about re-pivoting the company to North American infrastructure. That now seems like it's complete, the stock's responded. And I guess just how are you thinking about the portfolio today? Are there businesses that you want to be bigger in from an inorganic perspective, specifically?
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I think I made a comment earlier that we feel very good about our 3 growth platforms. And I'll tell you one of the observations that we've had in our strategy discussions with our Board of Directors, was very early in the first half of the pandemic of 2020, we realized the value in this sector of scale, right?  So as you think about the Clean Energy transition, you think about the GRC programs that are going forward in our company here in California and Texas, there's no question that putting IEnova together with LNG and have -- circling some EBITDA figure of around $2 billion was the right move with an investment-grade balance sheet. So I think one of the things we're benefiting from right now is we're in the best markets that are experiencing tremendous growth, and we've been able to put together 3 businesses at scale. So when we came out with our 6% to 8% long-term growth rate, we have a very bullish view of what we can accomplish, and it's really around the market position and scale that we have across all 3 of these areas.  And right now, as you think about inorganic opportunities, I think we can effectively take those off the table. We've got a $36 billion capital program, and our job is to execute that with discipline, and I think we're going to be in a position to outperform.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to come back to the LNG side a little bit more, if I could. And just wanted to get your thoughts, I guess, on the depth of the long-term contract market out there. We've seen Schneider Global Venture in recent months kind of sign these 15-, 20-year contracts. We saw energy transfer get over 4 Mtpa in past month or so here, in kind of that same ZIP code.  Is that -- do you see the depth of that market improving versus where it was before given what we're seeing for energy security needs as you outlined there? Just wondering, is the market there for the contract lengths that you guys want and the risk profile that you want? How do you see the market today there?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, I'll make just a quick comment and I'll pass it to Justin. Maybe, Justin, you can update them on how the type of conversations you're seeing in terms of contract tender. But I just returned to one of the things I said in my earlier remarks, which is there's no question that everyone now can see what we've been forecasting, which is this net short position in Europe. And the magnitude of what is required to back out 8 billion cubic feet per day of gas is a significant number of new capacity that will exceed even what the U.S. LNG community can provide. But Asia is a larger opportunity. So I think if you look at the opportunity in both markets, there's going to be a real demand near term and long term for more LNG facilities. And that impacts the pricing environment and the opportunity to have longer tenured contracts. But Justin, maybe you can provide a little bit of color on the conversations you're having.
Justin Bird: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Yes. Jeremy, yes, the conversations we are having are around the types of contracts that we look for at Sempra, which, again, to your point, is long-term with creditworthy counterparties. I think you are accurate. There has been a dramatic shift in the market in the recent days. Specifically, we've seen a significant amount of long-term contracts.  You saw -- well, I think one in February, I think there's around 7 in March and most recently, there's been one in April. So yes, you are seeing a lot of parties, given the volatility in both TTF and JKM. And frankly, the high forwards, you're seeing a definite renewed interest in parties willing to go long term. And those are the conversations that we are having.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it, that's helpful. So the type of contracts we are seeing signed out there, those are the types that would be sufficient for you guys to underpin, I guess, future moving forward with the project at this point?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, that's correct.
Justin Bird: Correct.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it, okay. And then maybe just want to pivot towards the offshore wind for a moment here. Just how to think about that, how that fits into the portfolio, your queue of projects. Just want to see how high of a priority that is at this point?
Jeffrey Martin: I would say it's one of our lowest priorities.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. And just the last one, if I could. Thinking about the state's RNG goals. There are also ongoing key pump efforts seemingly and some competition here. Just wondering how you think about the balance of electrification versus RNG in decarbonizing California at this point?
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, great question. I will tell you that we've got a lot of folks inside of our company that are focused on both opportunities around green molecules and green KWs. But I think what we view is there's going to be a requirement that we transition in an orderly way toward increasing clean resources.  And we're very, very bullish on electrification. I hope we get the chance for Allen Nye to update you on some of the really large-scale electrifications taking place in the Texas marketplace. But I would also tell you there are some hard to decarbonize areas in American society, largely heavy industry, heavy transportation, some of the maritime and aviation uses of energy. So in California, there's growing recognition by the regulator and across all market participants that there's going to be a strong trend toward electrification.  But there's really a convergence between the need for green molecules to power some of that electrification and to help decarbonize. So I think the commission deserves a tremendous amount of credit for taking a forward-looking view on renewable natural gas, as an example. You may recall that over 3 years ago, we set a target for 2030 of 20% of our core customers being served by RNG. And that was well before this ever came on the radar screen for our regulator.  And now that they've adopted targets that progress over time up to closer to 12%, we feel like we're in a great position. I think we came out at around 4% penetration in our core customers at the end of 2021. And we continue to be optimistic about executing against some of the expectations of our regulators.  So we firmly believe there's a role both for cleaner molecules and for cleaner electrification, and we expect to see both of those work in tandem going forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Hopefully 2 easy ones. One is I just want to make sure I understand fully, is the LNG growth platform funding even though projects maybe have been accelerated or potential to accelerate, is that still a self-funding model for the LNG growth platform?
Jeffrey Martin: It sure is a self-funding model. And I think it goes back to a couple of comments I've stitched together this morning, which was we think one of the great lessons from the COVID economic environment was the importance of scale. And scale will be even more important when we think about what we need to accomplish across all 3 platforms and putting together those 2 businesses with an IG balance sheet. Our clear intention was to make sure it's a self-funded platform, and Faisel gave some examples of how we expect to do that using project-level equity, internally generated cash flows and project finance.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then just lastly, hopefully, an easy follow-up. If I think of all of the questions or most of the questions I should say on the call, they're probably mostly related to maybe the smallest piece of Sempra's overall business, Sempra Infrastructure. Is that a good or bad thing? Is it that the work that management has done over the last 2 years, where there were more questions on maybe the core business like Sempra California or Sempra Texas, that has transitioned to the smaller business. Do you view that as a good or bad thing?
Jeffrey Martin: I think it's a positive. Let me explain why. Roughly 80% of our earnings mix comes from what we think are some of the best utility platforms in the United States, right? So our ability to basically grow rate base off of a $42 billion number at the end of last year at 9% going forward in our 5-year plan is a remarkable opportunity. But our ability to basically exceed expectations and grow this business faster than we forecasted really turns to our ability to how we grow Sempra Infrastructure, right?  So we're at a moment in time where across all 3 platforms inside Justin's business, that's the LNG and Net Zero solutions business, Clean Power and our energy network business. That has a chance to provide some really unique additive growth to our portfolio. So we talked a lot about our growth in the past. We've got a very strong portfolio of bond-like returns from our California platform and our Texas platform, but our opportunity to exceed people's expectations is going to rely a lot on how they execute across their portfolio in Sempra Infrastructure.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then just lastly, I think, Jeff, when you described the transition the company has been on over the years, selling South America, investing in Sempra Texas. You mentioned the word contiguous. How important is that towards the Sempra platform going forward?
Jeffrey Martin: You may remember, 15 or 20 years ago, a lot of M&A in our sector was limited to businesses that were actually contiguous. That's no longer a requirement. But one of the things we think about from our strategy is how do we extract synergies and efficiencies across all 3 platforms. And at Sempra, the value of the parent company as we focus on people, process and technology to help drive the results across all 3 platforms and having a contiguous platform is really helpful.  And I'll tell you, the way I view it is, a lot of people broadly diversify their businesses. They're in different markets, in different jurisdictions, but they fail to have the discipline to make sure they're extracting the benefits of diversification. In our case, we think the best way to manage risk is to go deeper in the markets that are most important. So when you think about California as the fifth largest economy in the world, Texas has moved from #10 to #9, and Mexico is currently #15 and forecasted by 2040 to be #7 in the world, what we want to do is we want to have great regulatory relationships in those marketplaces. We want to understand all the market fundamentals, and we want to make sure that we're putting together a capital allocation strategy that allows us to extract the best risk-adjusted opportunities in those markets.  So one of the things I've talked about before is, we've grown this business over the last 2 decades at a 7% EPS CAGR in an industry that has grown over the same period of time at 3%. And that's not just because we're better managers. It's because we're in the right market. So this focus on being deep and committed to extracting efficiencies in each of our core markets -- and contiguity is a part of that -- is part of our winning strategy, we believe.
Anthony Crowdell: Congrats on a good quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: What factors influence the scale and sizing of Vista Pacifico from an Mtpa perspective?
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you. We've -- I would just say that we're really excited about both ECA Phase 1, which is under construction, and Vista Pacifico. They both really leveraged the same common resource of Permian gas, and we have a straight shot through 2 different pipeline systems to support Vista Pacifico. I had the opportunity to have dinner with the President of Mexico and John Kerry a couple of weeks ago in Mexico City. And the topic of that conversation, Ryan, was how we can move Vista Pacifico along at a faster pace. In Mexico, they understand the value of being able to export some of their natural resources, particularly high sulfur oil, but they also want to make sure that they raise their marquee status as an exporter of LNG. So I'm pleased with the type of support we have across the government inside of Mexico to support that project going forward. But Justin, maybe you can talk about how you're thinking about the capacity at Vista Pacifico.
Justin Bird: Yes. Ryan, as Jeff mentioned, really, Vista Pacifico will source gas from the Permian. Some of the sizing revolves around how much gas can be delivered at what rate there. We're also looking at clearly optimizing the design of the economics. It could be that we do it in 2 phases as we get additional gas transportation capacity. But again, early stage development. We will optimize the size for -- to create the best risk-adjusted returns.
Ryan Levine: And then one on financing plans. It looks like most of your debt is more fixed rate in nature. But curious how you're thinking about managing the more floating rate debt, both in your current portfolio or current capital structure and then as you look to grow these different businesses?
Jeffrey Martin: And are you focused more on the LNG side or you're talking about across the enterprise, Ryan?
Ryan Levine: More within SIP, but to the extent there is exposure in the other division, that would be helpful.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. Faisel, please take that.
Faisel Khan: Yes. Sure. Ryan, so when you're looking at sort of proportional debt across Sempra Infrastructure of close to roughly $9 billion, a lot of it is fixed rate debt and some of the debt we've -- that was floating rate that we've swapped to fixed. But we don't actually don't have a tremendous amount of floating rate exposure. So -- and I think as you've seen the move in interest rates, we haven't really seen a big impact to the bottom line. So I think as we move forward with our projects, we'll look to see what the balance is between floating and fixed, but right now, we feel like we're in a pretty good position.
Ryan Levine: I think some of those [indiscernible] hedges expire in the next few years. Is the intention to continue to do swaps to lock in the fixed rate?
Faisel Khan: I think -- so what we have is we have a lot of amortizing debt at Sempra Infrastructure, so I mentioned Cameron on a proportional basis. We also have our pipelines in Mexico, the ones that we have joint venture agreements with. Those also have amortizing debt. So naturally, what's going to happen is as that debt rolls off, those swaps expire. So that's kind of probably what you're seeing. But other than that, there's -- we don't have any sort of floating rate debt that's not swapped during the -- for the tenor of the security.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Jeff, just a quick question here. Going back to Port Arthur, just focused on that. How do you think about the opportunity on permitting to pivot to electric or not? I mean, basically, the thought there is -- do you -- is it desirable to go back and look at that from an electric perspective, just given the GHG benefits and sort of what that means from a contracting perspective? Obviously cognizant of your other decisions here. And maybe you could speak a little bit to the time line on that asset as well, considering where you stand?
Jeffrey Martin: Right. You recall just by way of analogy, at Cameron, one of the things we did in concert with our partners was look at opportunities for us to lower our overall greenhouse gas footprint at Cameron, and that caused us to shift our filings to move to an electric drive for Cameron Phase 2. We're looking at things very similarly at Port Arthur. I think one of the unique advantages Port Arthur has is, number one, at scale and the degree that it's fully permitted across almost every aspect of the development currently. So I think the expectation would be that electric will probably be part of Phase 2 at Port Arthur LNG. And given the level of interest we have in Phase 1, we would proceed as we've currently filed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And considering that you don't need the updates on the FERC side, time line there? Obviously, you've got this engineering work with C4 pushing into '23. Any kind of similar time line that you'd like to offer on Port Arthur Phase 1?
Jeffrey Martin: We currently haven't put out an expectation for FID at Port Arthur. I would say that we are having conversations with more than 20 different counterparties related to that project and the interest is very high. But again, I think I've said it 2 or 3 times on this call, we're really committed internally to take a measured approach and be very disciplined. And if we can get that project in a box with really, really solid risk-adjusted cash flows, it's the type of project that could move forward in our time line.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sorry, Jeff. I didn't mean to push too much. I know we're all chomping at the bit for you to succeed here, I get it. Jeff, quickly last question. I mean, seriously. Quick last little detail, if I could throw it in there: Oncor. We haven't talked about it enough here. Prospects on settlement here, pre-settling, however you want to talk about that in the context of filing later this month? You all have done remarkably well there over the years.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I think this might be an opportunity, if you allow me, I think we can comment on the rate case and maybe give a little bit of visibility into the growth we're seeing there. I know Allen had a remarkably positive press release they put out that tracked a lot of that. Let me just start by saying, before I pass it to Allen, Trevor and I were in Dallas last week for the Oncor Board meeting. We could not have been more pleased with the comprehensive nature of the growth they're seeing on their system. As you know in the market, they'd say the comment about don't fight the tape. There is a strong tape in Texas towards further growth. They raised their capital program from 2022 from $2.8 billion to $3 billion. And Allen, maybe perhaps we could do 2 things. Maybe you could walk folks through some of the growth you're seeing on the system because I think your examples would be helpful to people, and then get right to Julien's question about how we think about settlement, which has been the tradition at Oncor as you look at regulatory filings like this.
Allen Nye: Yes, sure. Glad to. Julien, thanks for the question. Jeff, from a growth perspective, I think you described it well. What we're seeing, we put it out in our press release and then Trevor talked about it early on today. But still kind of 2% premise growth, 16,000 new premises this quarter. The real growth that we're seeing right now is transmission POIs, which, as we put in our press release, but 50% increase in active requests, 78% increase in new requests. So just a really strong transmission POI, point of interconnection, growth that we're seeing across our system right now. What we haven't talked about yet, and you mentioned it, Jeff, a little bit about electrification is what we're continuing to see in West Texas, which continues to be very strong. We've talked about our Culberson Loop, which is our transmission system that we serve the Delaware on. In December of 2021, it peaked at 800 megawatts, and in March, we're already at 845 megawatts. Far West Texas weather zone, every month in 2022 has exceeded the demand for the corresponding months in '21.  And then kind of a new thing we're seeing, I haven't -- I don't think talked to you a lot before is we have another loop out there known as the Stanton Loop, which serves the Midland Basin, and we're also seeing really strong demand on that loop right now as well. So a lot of that is electrification of existing facilities. I think the next phase on that will be -- many of our customers are looking at electrifying really their entire processes. And so that's out there and still coming.  That really strong growth, Jeff, to your point, is what's driving this $200 million additional CapEx that you and the Board and Trevor did with us a couple of weeks ago. We're still at 15 over 5 on our 5-year plan. We have added $200 million to that. That's not pull forward, that's $200 million in addition. But we're not changing our 5-year CapEx outlook until we get to our Board in October. But I think you can extrapolate out if you think about the growth we're seeing here, which has been fairly consistent over a number of years now and even increasing, that there's some upward pressure on that CapEx number or opportunities going into October.  That, in addition to the fact that we, like other utilities in Texas, around the country, I think, are taking a really hard look at resiliency and hardening and there may be some things we have on that coming out of October as well. So that's kind of the background on the growth in the CapEx story that we're seeing to.  Julien, to your question specifically, I appreciate the comments. I couldn't agree more. I've been around this business for about 30 years now, and we have a history and almost a tradition of being able to work with these parties down here and with our commission. And I think we'll do everything we can to do that again this year. We are going to file this case around May 11, which is our -- I think in our Q, we said unless we settle early, that puts us in new rates kind of end of third quarter -- or end the fourth quarter, I'm sorry, beginning of first quarter.  I think we have a very strong case. I think we have a really good story. We're a good company. We work with the state. We do what we're asked to. We have safe operations, reliable operations and we are the low-cost provider in the state from an IOU perspective. And we have very strong relationships with our stakeholders and I think a very good reputation with our regulators. And so all those things are going to give us opportunities to do what we've done in the past, which is work with these parties and try to reach something amicable that works for us and benefits the state and the ERCOT market.  And we're doing that now. We've had some discussions already with some parties. Obviously, we haven't filed our case yet. So we'll see who all intervenes in our case. People have to have a time for discovery as they always do. And then you always try and settle these things to the extent you can around the time of intervenor testimony, obviously, before hearing. But it's a good case. I believe it's a strong case. We're looking forward to presenting it. And as history as a guide, I think you know what we'll try and do and we'll work with the parties and see what we can come up with, and I'm optimistic but we'll have to see who intervenes and what positions they take.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Allen.
Allen Nye: You bet.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Congrats on a good start to the year. On Cameron, 2 questions there just on having a kind of re-up or redo or reevaluate the FEED study and getting a response back middle of next year. Just curious, how much certainty do you think you have at this point in time in terms of what Cameron -- the expansion is going to actually cost? And I say that given the updated FEED study, but honestly, given all the things happening in the macro environment with both labor inflation, commodity/goods inflation, materials, et cetera?
Jeffrey Martin: Michael, we usually have a 7-limit question for LNG on our call, but we're going to take your eighth question just because of our long-standing relationship, okay?
Michael Lapides: Sounds great, I'll take it.
Jeffrey Martin: I'm joking with you. But we've done a lot on Cameron. This isn't something we started in the last 12 months. We've got a lot of definitive work that's been done. In fact, Cameron has benefited from a lot of the work that was done at Port Arthur over the last several years. So we're in great shape in terms of our understanding of the cost structure of that business.  I think what you're seeing us do is make sure there's a competitive process. We want to make sure that we've got a clear understanding of the schedule, all the key milestones that we need to have in place so that we can execute well. I think we have a shot to execute Cameron Phase 2 exceedingly better than how we executed Cameron Phase 1. And this additional detailed work is part of our desire to have a really clean execution plan.  So the way I would read into it is, I made this comment earlier, our confidence level in the detail of this project and the commercial viability of the project has gone up dramatically in the last 4 or 5 months. And this additional work, I think, only adds more value to the schedule and more importantly, more value to the project.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then 1 for Allen. Actually, it may be 1.5 questions for Allen. Allen, just curious, in your team's planning, kind of reliability, planning, system planning, what do you think kind of the multiyear demand growth projection is that's baked into that planning by your team?
Allen Nye: Sorry, Michael. The multiyear demand growth is what you're asking for?
Michael Lapides: Yes.
Allen Nye: Yes. Yes, about 1.5% consumption.
Michael Lapides: Got it, okay. And just curious, there's an interesting docket underway or proceeding, I don't know what to call it, at ERCOT right now talking about what's happening with both data centers and even crypto mines. And that is a 5 to 6 gigawatts in a 70-something gigawatt market of incremental demand, some in front of the meter or some behind the meter in the next, like, 24 months. Just curious how you think that ripples through both that 1.5% demand projection but also just broader market reliability, system needs, regulation, et cetera.
Allen Nye: Yes, Michael, it's a really good question. And I'll tell you, we spend a lot of time on it. And I can tell you, we are seeing what you would expect we'd see with those type of numbers being thrown around. I'm glad, I'm encouraged that ERCOT and the commission probably are going to look at this because it's a very interesting load, right? Now I like load. I like new customers and I like big customers. And so that's a good thing.  How those customers integrate and operate on the system and the amount of generation they require, electrons they require, I think, is an important issue for the state. But we are seeing a high level of large customers, right? I mean, some of those have been publicly announced, the TI plant in Sherman, the Samsung plant in Taylor, which are different, obviously, not crypto or data center-related.  But we're also seeing a large number of 50-, 100-, 200-megawatt customers coming to us and wanting to get online very rapidly. And a lot of that is reflected in some of our transmission POI numbers. And a lot of that hasn't been reflected yet, is still to come. But it will, if it manifests, results in, obviously, discussions we have with our Board going into October on CapEx, depending on what we actually see coming out of those.  And again, I think it's great that the state is looking at it. I think it's a very interesting load because it can manifest very rapidly, right? It's not like building a manufacturing facility. You can put up a crypto facility very quickly. And so that impacts our ability to get to you quickly. And then you can also potentially move quickly if market conditions change. And so I think it's an important issue for the state, and I'm glad they're looking at it. And we're obviously looking at it very closely as well from not only a CapEx and operation perspective but what it would do overall to ERCOT.
Jeffrey Martin: Michael, I would also add to that, that we go back and think about the last time Allen settled a rate case, which was in November of 2017. At that time, they had a forward 5-year capital program of $7.5 billion. And in the last 4 years, it's doubled to $15 billion. And based upon what Trevor and I saw at last week's Board meeting and some of the feedback that Allen has given us, this has all been done around the idea of meeting new load growth.  But today, that load growth is continuing, and we're now looking at the prospect of adding in what Allen described earlier, which is more spending around resiliency and obsolescence to make sure that we can integrate all these different loads. So my basic thesis here, Michael, is being in the right markets, really good markets with good regulatory jurisdictions and solid growth is a great way to outperform your peers, and Oncor is a great example.  And I'll tell you, Allen and his team are running a great program. And I think as we get toward October, not only would they be prosecuting their rate case and hoping that, that will be settled, I think we're going to be looking at increased capital spending. That's one of the reasons they've been running their equity layer at around 45% instead of 42.5% headed into this rate case.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: So I have a sort of a big picture question, and I apologize if you guys talked about it but I missed it. But as you know, perennially, there's this concern that's raised by manufacturers about the price of natural gas and LNG's potential impact on it. And given this robust outlook for LNG exports and also you guys sell off natural gas. And obviously, you guys look at this in a pretty big way, and a pretty detailed way I'm sure.  And it's dynamic. So there's the potential for supply increases, et cetera in relation to prices. So I was just wondering when you see all this opportunity, and you see domestic needs and everything and supply, what do you think the impact would be on -- what's the long-term sort of outlook you guys have on natural gas prices in the U.S., given this LNG -- robust LNG outlook that you see? Do you follow me?
Jeffrey Martin: Look, Paul, it's a great question. And obviously, there's been a lot of moving forces going across the supply and demand marketplace, both for oil and natural gas and even in electricity in some markets. Markets like Europe have a lot of gas on the margin -- markets for electricity. But I would say that you've got about a 6.5 to 7.5 Bcf per day marketplace that we export to Mexico. And you've also got this 11 or 12 Bcf marketplace as we export LNG around the world. So that's about 20 Bcf per day. And what's interesting is, on a relative basis, Henry Hub has been -- has not had a lot of price volatility relative to the markers you usually see for natural gas in Europe at TTF or JKM.  So long term, remember, there hasn't been a lot of investment over the last 5 years from the oil and gas sector in new sources of delivery. And I think you're going to continue to see market forces continue to come back in and raise the rates of production as necessary to meet demand. So I can't give you a definitive forecast. It's something that we follow closely. But we're very confident about the level of natural gas resources in the United States, and the United States being best positioned to meet the growing demand for both Asia and for Europe. There is a DOE study that I would refer you to. In the DOE analysis, they talk about the United States' ability to supply these different markets over the next 20 years, and that might be a good resource for you to reference.
Paul Patterson: I think I've seen it maybe. I just was wondering if you thought that, that -- you think that those assumptions and everything still apply given -- I haven't looked at it in a while, I think, but if it's the same one we're talking about. But you think those things, if I understand you correctly, are pretty much, pretty much intact even with this more robust potential outlook that you see?
Jeffrey Martin: I think that's fair, and I would also -- I think that's fair. And I'd also remind folks that because we're T&D focused, as we look at launching these various LNG projects, you remember, Cameron was a tolling project. ECA Phase 1 is a project where we don't take any commodity risk because you're buying at an index and you're selling at an index.  So in terms of shielding our projects, the way you do that is you make sure you got long-term contracts with good credit counterparties and you make sure you're not taking commodity risk. But in terms of the larger macroeconomic picture, I would refer you to that DOE study, which tends to indicate the conclusion you just described.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Mr. Martin for any additional or closing remarks.
Jeffrey Martin: Look, I just want to stop and thank everyone for joining today's call. We look forward to seeing you all at the upcoming AGA Conference in Florida later this month. Feel free, per custom, to reach out to our IR team with any additional questions, and this concludes today's call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-25 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and Welcome to the Sempra’s Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time. I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nelly Molina. Please go ahead.
Nelly Molina: Good morning everyone and welcome to Sempra's fourth quarter 2021 Earnings call. In live webcast of this teleconference and a slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. We have several members of our management team with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Lisa Lorac Alexander, Senior Vice President Corporate Affairs and Chief Sustainability Officer. Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure. Faisel Khan, Chief Financial Officer of Sempra Infrastructure, Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor, Kevin Sagara, Executive Vice President and Group President, and Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K filed with the SEC. All of the earnings-per-share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31st, 2021. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, February 25th, 2022, and it's important to note that the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide four and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Nelly. And thank you all for joining us today. In 2021, we delivered another year of strong performance. We'll discuss some of the operating highlights in a moment, but on the financial side, we invested over $7 billion in critical energy infrastructure, a record amount for our company. And we delivered full-year 2021 adjusted earnings per share of $8.43 well above our increased adjusted EPS guidance range of $7.75 to $8.35 per share. The strength of that performance together with a portfolio of investment opportunities across all three of our growth platforms, gives us a lot of confidence in the future. Today we're announcing approval by our Board of Directors of an increased annualized dividend of $4.58 per share, consistent with our longstanding commitment to return value to our shareholders, record five-year capital plan of $36 billion with nearly 94% dedicated to our utilities continued confidence in our full-year 2022 EPS guidance range and the issuance of our full-year 2023 EPS guidance range. And finally, we're announcing a projected long-term EPS growth rate for the company of 6% to 8%. Please turn to the next slide. Next, I'd like to highlight a few of our accomplishments. From a strategic standpoint we've made great progress over the last four years, in updating our portfolio with three goals in mind. First, prioritizing markets with strong fundamentals and constructive regulation. Second, simplifying our business model to improve execution. And third, building scale, financial strength, and a high performing culture to deliver improved financial results. 2021 was another key milestone in that journey. We've completed a series of transactions to form Sempra Infrastructure a simplified growth platform with scale and portfolio synergies. All while generating over $3 billion by selling a non-controlling interest to support growth and the return of capital to our owners. Furthermore, these transactions highlight the underlying market value of this business and demonstrate Sempra's continued ability to source lower cost of capital and recycle it into organic growth at our utilities. Moving on, we continue to advance our capital plan in 2021 deploying over $7 billion with a continued focus on supporting the strong growth at our utilities. From a safety standpoint, we had record employee safety results at Sempra, California and Sempra Infrastructure also had a great year. Advancing construction at ECA LNG Phase 1 on-time and on budget with over 1 million hours work without a lost-time injury. Taken together, these accomplishments and the quality of execution we're seeing across our businesses, gives us confidence in our ability to capitalize on future growth opportunities. Please turn to the next slide. Sempra's growth platforms are strategically positioned in highly attractive and contiguous markets in North America, where we serve one of the largest utility consumer bases in the United States. Each of these growth platforms have both scale and a leadership position in our core markets, and that is central to our strategic execution. Please turn to the next slide. Our growth platforms benefit from three main competitive advantages: size and scale in attractive markets, lower risk and strong recurring cash flows associated with T&D investments, and positive growth trends centered on the expansion of energy networks to support cleaner forms of energy, improved safety and reliability, and the continued integration of North American energy markets. Our three platforms combined for nearly 300,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines, all in key markets in North America, while serving nearly 40 million consumers. These integrated growth platforms generated approximately $2.6 billion in 2021 full-year adjusted earnings and position us to grow earnings well into the future. Trevor will walk through the details on our long-term growth drivers later in the presentation. But at a high level, our projected growth of 6% to 8% is supported by strong continued investment at Sempra, California to support safety, reliability, and the state's ambitious energy transition goals, investment in our Texas utilities to support strong economic growth, and a significant interconnection queue loaded with renewables and disciplined investments at Sempra Infrastructure for fully contracted assets currently under construction, and potential upside to projected growth from projects we currently have in development. Finally, I think it's worth noting that the vast majority of our assets have some form of inflation protections built into them either through regulatory constructs such as upcoming rate cases or pass-through mechanisms on our infrastructure projects. Additionally, given our strategic focus on T&D infrastructure, the lower risk section of the energy value chain, we believe we reduced our exposure to many of the traditional risks in the energy space. Whether it's commodity exposure, extreme weather, retail credit, or stranded generation investments. As we continued to advance our role as a leader in the energy transition, we're also creating an opportunity on this call and future calls for our Chief Sustainability Officer, Lisa Alexander to update you on our progress. Please turn to the next slide.
Lisa Alexander: Thanks, Jeff, for two decades, Sempra has been on a sustained path to decarbonize our business operations and the markets we serve. Innovation and new technologies are central to a clean energy future enabled by investments in three key capabilities: decarbonization, diversification, and digitalization. This past year we summarized our aspirations in each of these areas as part of Sempra's energy transition action plan, and I'm pleased to update you that we're making great progress. Here are a few examples. In California, SDG&E completed its inaugural issuance of $750 million in green bonds and secured regulatory approval for three new energy storage projects expected to total 161 megawatts. Additionally, SoCalGas achieved over 4% renewable natural gas deliveries to core customers in 2021. Moving to Texas, Oncor is doing an excellent job connecting customers to cleaner renewable sources of energy by expanding and modernizing Texas as fast transmission and distribution network. In 2021, Oncor connected nearly 2,200 megawatts of wind and solar generation bringing the Total renewables connected to Oncor system to approximately 15,500 megawatts. In addition to progress on its operations, Oncor has also entered into a new $2 billion revolving credit facility with sustainability linked to performance metrics. And lastly, at Sempra Infrastructure, the newly consolidated platform is advancing opportunities in renewables, hydrogen, ammonia, LNG, and carbon capture infrastructure. The company recently filed an amendment with FERC to incorporate electric drives that are proposed Cameron LNG Phase 2 project, which could help reduce facility emissions by up to 40% while continuing to help de-carbonized global markets. Earlier this year the company also announced an MOU with Entergy to develop options intended to accelerate deployment of renewable energy to power primarily LNG facilities. Across our industry, companies are adjusting their business models to meet customer demands for increasingly cleaner sources of energy. At Sempra, we think these trends play to the strength of our company and effectively create a tailwind for new and cleaner investments across our platforms. Please turn to the next slide where I'll hand the call over to Trevor to provide business and financial updates.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Lisa. To begin, we've had several positive developments at our operating companies. In the third quarter, SDG &E filed an application with the CPUC to assess its cost of capital for 2022, as a result of the extraordinary event of the COVID-19 pandemic. In December, the CPUC issued a scoping memo with a final decision expected later this year. Also, the CPUC authorized a memorandum account effective January 1, 2022, to track any differences in revenue requirements resulting from the interim cost of capital decision expected later this year. Additionally, the CPUC is working through the implementation of our renewable natural gas procurement standard. We're excited about this development and view it as a significant step forward in advancing the future of cleaner fuels here in California. Lastly, SoCalGas recently announced a bold new vision to develop a proposed green hydrogen infrastructure system to serve the Los Angeles basin called Angeles Link. As contemplated, this project would be the nation's largest green hydrogen infrastructure system and will deliver green hydrogen to the country's largest manufacturing hub to help decarbonize electric generation, industrial processes, heavy-duty trucking, and other sectors that are challenging to fully electrify. Shifting to Texas. Oncor set a company record for the number of new and active requests received for transmission interconnections in 2021, demonstrating the rapid growth in Texas and continuing opportunities for Oncor to grow its system. Oncor service territory continued to grow as well, with Oncor connecting approximately 70,000 additional premises in 2021. At Sempra Infrastructure, we signed two MOUs to advance our unique capability of delivering LNG into both the Atlantic and Pacific basins, the first with Entergy that Lisa discussed earlier and the second, an MOU with CFP to jointly develop Vista Pacifico LNG as well as the new regasification project in La Paz, Baja, California Sur. Additionally, Sempra Infrastructure established a new credit facility in the fourth quarter and issued its inaugural investment-grade bond last month. All with the intention of efficiently financing its growth along with internally generated cash flows. Please turn to the next slide where I'd like to go into additional detail. On an update relating to Sempra Infrastructure. Here the key takeaway is that we are making progress on our announced sale of an additional 10% interest in the business to audio. This transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions and third-party and regulatory approvals valued Sempra Infrastructure and an enterprise value of approximately $26.5 billion, which was $1 billion higher than the KKR transaction. We expect to use the proceeds to fund utility capital, execute share repurchases, and continue supporting improvements in the balance sheet. Please turn to the next slide where I'll review the financial results. Earlier this morning, we recorded fourth-quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $604 million or $1.90 per share. This compares to fourth quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $414 million or $1.43 per share. On an adjusted basis, fourth quarter 2021 earnings were $688 million or $2.16 per share. This compares to our fourth quarter 2020 earnings of $668 million or $2.28 per share. Full-year 2021 GAAP earnings were $1.254 billion or $4.01 per share. This compares to 2020 GAAP earnings of $3 billion, $764 million or $12.88 per share. On an adjusted basis, full-year 2021 earnings were $2 billion $637 million or $8.43 per share. This compares favorably to our previous full-year 2020 adjusted earnings of $2,342 billion or $8 per share. Please turn to the next slide. The variance in full-year 2021 adjusted earnings compared to the prior year was affected by the following key items. $78 million of lower earnings due to the sales of our Peruvian and Chilean utilities in April and June of 2020, respectively, $126 million of lower earnings from a CPUC decision in 2020 that resulted in the release of regulatory liabilities at Sempra, California, related to prior year's forecasting differences that are not subject to tracking in the income tax expense memorandum account. This was offset by $216 million due to higher earnings from Cameron LNG JV, primarily due to Phase 1 achieving full commercial operations in August of 2020 and asset and supply optimization primarily driven by changes in natural gas prices in higher volumes. $139 million of lower losses at parent and other primarily due to the lower preferred dividends from the mandatory conversion of preferred stock and lower net interest expense. $52 million of higher CPUC base operating margin, net of operating expenses at SDG&E and SoCalGas, $44 million charge in 2020 for amounts to be refunded to customers related to the energy efficiency program at SDG&E, $37 million of higher earnings at Sempra Texas utilities, primarily due to increased revenues from rate updates to reflect increases in invested capital and customer growth. Please turn to the next slide. We continue to see robust opportunities to invest in our utilities and infrastructure businesses, resulting in a $36-billion five-year capital plan, the largest in our history, and notably at $4 billion increase over the prior plan we announced last year. This plan is anchored by $33 billion of utility investments, representing nearly 94% of the total capital plan. For SDG &E and SoCalGas, safety and reliability continue to be at the forefront of our planned expenditures. This is important. Our investments in California centered around the State's regulatory priorities, including wildfire safety and integrity and safety of our gas infrastructure, along with technology investments. Additionally, at Oncor, the capital plan addresses the strong organic growth. For example, the population of Texas increased more than any other states in 2021, continuing the need for further investments to support this growing demand. Please turn to the next slide. These capital investments in top-tier markets in North America are driving tremendous growth in our projected rate base. In 2017, we had $14 billion of rate base at the California utilities. And through adding our interest in Oncor, as well as organic growth at both our California and Texas utilities, we grew our rate base to $41 billion in 2021 and expect to grow it even further to $62 billion by 2026. Just as importantly, we expect to support the strong projected growth without issuing common equity. Notably, over the next five years, our rate base mix is not expected to change materially with approximately 70% of total rate base dedicated to electric infrastructure, which reflects how well-positioned we are to continue supporting strong trends in electrification in our core utility markets. Please turn to the next slide, where I'll provide additional details on the opportunities we have to efficiently fund our growing rate base. As we think about our financing strategy, we have multiple opportunities to efficiently fund the expansive growth that we're experiencing at our utilities. Over the past few years, you've seen us rotate capital to fund utility growth, while also strengthening the balance sheet, finishing 2021 in a strong position with 47% total debt-to-capitalization, an 18% FFO -to-debt. Looking forward, our financial plan is underpinned by a portfolio of strong operating cash flows that are backed by regulated returns or long-term contracts. Our robust utility capital plan is further supported by cash generated from Sempra Infrastructure, where projected cash distributions to Sempra combined with the proceeds from the sales to KKR and adia are expected to provide over $7 billion from 2021 through 2026. Turning to the dividend we continue to target a payout ratio of approximately 50% to 60%, which allows us to aggressively invest in utility growth while supporting the dividend. In addition to the dividend, we see opportunistic share repurchases as a way to efficiently return capital to shareholders from time-to-time. We remain focused on delivering shareholder value and through this efficient financing strategy, we expect to deliver strong EPS and dividend growth without issuing external common equity. Please turn to the next slide where I'll discuss our near-term EPS guidance ranges and projected long-term EPS growth rate. We are reaffirming our 2022 EPS guidance range of $8.10 to $8.70 per share, and we're introducing our 2023 EPS guidance range of $8.60 to $9.20 per share. The aforementioned guidance includes plans to continue returning capital to our owners in the form of $1 billion of share repurchases. This would be an addition to the $500 million of share repurchases we recently completed. Now, let me talk about our longer-term growth. Our historical execution combined with the growth opportunities in front of us, give us confidence in providing a long-term EPS growth rate of an annual average of 6% to 8%, starting at the midpoint of 2022 EPS's guidance through 2026. This 6% to 8% growth is driven by our five-year capital plan and continued operational excellence across our businesses. It is anchored by an 8.5% projected rate-based growth at our utilities and only includes projects currently in construction at Sempra Infrastructure. Importantly, we see opportunities to outperform this projected growth rate through incremental investments across our three platforms. A few examples would include additional spending on energy storage, wildfire mitigation, electric vehicle infrastructure, and related make ready work, and pipeline safety and reliability in California further economic growth driving transmission and distribution expansion in Texas, and lastly, executing on incremental LNG and other development projects at Sempra Infrastructure that are currently outside the plan. Please turn to the next slide where I'll highlight our historical execution. This slide is a good depiction of how we've historically met or exceeded our published EPS guidance ranges. And done so consistently, reflecting our long track record of disciplined capital allocation, thoughtful execution and a commitment to deliver on our financial projections. Please turn to the next slide. Let me summarize our investment proposition. We've invested time and energy in building a high-performing infrastructure company that is well-positioned in some of the fastest-growing markets in North America. Overlaid with a commitment to capital discipline, we have a track record of operational excellence, disciplined financial execution, and dedication to consistently returning value to our shareholders in the form of dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. Bottom line, we're excited about the future of Sempra and the critical role that our infrastructure will play in supporting future economic growth in the energy transition. Please turn to the last slide. Over the last four years, we've continued to update our portfolio with a view towards prioritizing markets with strong fundamentals, and constructive regulation and simplifying our business model to improve execution and building scale, financial strength, and a high performing culture to deliver improved financial results. With the benefit of those strategic efforts, it allowed us to end 2021 in a strong position. And looking forward, we have three integrated platforms with improved visibility to future growth. With that, this concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now stop and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, guys.
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Morning. So really comprehensive update Jeff and Trevor, but I just -- starting off as we look at your 6% to 8% growth profile, we get a pretty good sense of the utility growth, but as we think about maybe drilling down a bit further and bifurcating the growth, can you just elaborate a little bit more on the drivers of SIP? Any color on the cadence of growth there, as ECA phase I moves to completion in ‘24, do you see a more level earnings contribution from renewables and energy networks?
Jeff Martin: Thank you for that question, and certainly, I think you're making a very interesting point. You can tell that 94% of our five-year capital program is dedicated to our utilities, and this is not the first year that we've made that type of prioritization. You've seen us grow our U.S. rate base from the end of 2017 which was about $14 billion to roughly $41 billion today, so that remains an ongoing priority. The capital that is in the plan today for Sempra Infrastructure, it is fairly conservatively projected, as you know Shar, our convention really is to focus on projects where we have already taken FID and they're in construction. I might refer you to Slide 34, where it outlines a basket of incremental opportunities that we certainly think could be quite positive for the company. There is about $5.2 billion to $5.7 billion of incremental opportunities. I think part of that informs our view that our projections are fairly conservative.
Shahriar Pourreza:
Jeff Martin:
Shahriar Pourreza:
Jeff Martin:
Shahriar Pourreza:
Jeff Martin:
Operator: We will pick our next question from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rich Sunderland:
Jeff Martin:
Rich Sunderland:
Jeff Martin:
Rich Sunderland:
Jeff Martin:
Rich Sunderland:
Jeff Martin:
Justin Bird: Great. Thank you, Rich. And thank you, Jeff. So I think as Jeff mentioned, given the robustness of the LNG market and what we view as our privilege platform in the Pacific Gulf -- Pacific and Gulf Coast locations, I think you're seeing two things. One, we're seeing a dramatic increase in the market interest for our facilities. And two, I think you're seeing heightened confidence in our ability to execute on our development projects. First, speaking of Cameron, we're making great progress on the expansion. Project at Cameron, given the timing of the filing of the amendment to the FERC permit, we're now targeting FID in the first portion of 2023. We're also making great progress on Vista. We are actively marketing about 10 million tonnes per annum of offtake and we're seeing. Extremely high levels of interest. So make no mistake, we're working with our partners and customers to get them supply as soon as possible. I wish we could give them more now, but as many of you know, the projects take time to develop, permit, and build. Also, we've made great progress in the last 24 months on Cameron. We reached full COD in 2020, hit record production last quarter, and we're working with our customers and partners to accelerate the debottlenecking of the phase 1. We took FID on ECA in November of 2020, as Trevor mentioned, the projects on time, on budget and being done safely. We expect first LNG there towards the end of 2024, and you should expect us to optimize volumes out of ECA once we reached full production. So to really sum it up Rich, we're focused on delivering LNG to our customers under long-term 20-year contracts. LNG demand is growing about 5% to 10% per year. And you should expect us to grow with the market or better, and lastly, we think we can deliver superior risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders by making disciplined investments in our LNG infrastructure.
Rich Sunderland: Greg thank you for the commentary there.
Justin Bird: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey. Good morning, team. Thank you for taking my question. Jeff, big picture, what do you see of the regulated versus non-regulated earnings mix evolving here from '22 to 2026 in [Indiscernible]. The majority of the increase in capex is dedicated towards utilities. How are you thinking about that? Any updated thoughts there? Or how should we think about that business [Indiscernible] over time.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. One of the things that was excited about for today's call was one of the slides that showed that at the end of 2017, our U.S. utility rate base was $14 billion. Today, it's $41 billion and by the end of the five-year period that you are addressing is going to be $62 billion. And we have a fair amount of confidence to be able to grow that size of rate base. That's a 4.4 times growth over that nine-year period of time. And I think what that really reflects is the benefit of over the last four years, our capital recycling program and our focus on these T&D marketplaces where if you're in the right markets with good regulation, you can continue to produce higher recurring cash flows and grow your business faster than your peers. We certainly think that one of the arguments that comes through in our materials is the important role that Sempra Infrastructure plays in supporting that growth. So if you go back to the December timeframe of 2020, the market was valuing the IEnova business and LNG business at about $9 billion. We have a slide here today that shows our ability to basically extract roughly $7 billion out of that business to support the type of growth you're seeing in our utility. So I think my conclusion would be we have three very strong platforms that are very capable of growing. Each of them have scale and a leadership position in the markets they serve. I think we've got this thing teed up to deliver really good results in the years ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. That's helpful, Jeff. Thank you. Just one quick clarification on the MOUs at Cameron LNG and the Vista Pacifica. That would be the additional capex there. What kind of the balance sheet grew? Would you need equity for that additional capex or you think you can absorb that would in the context of upside to the capex plan?
Jeff Martin: Right. Yeah. Justin talked about this opportunity that we're working on for $10 million tons per annum of new capacity. They have a self-funded business model today where they can resource third-party equity at the project level. They can also call in their equity partners. And one of the things that's really exciting about the Sempra Infrastructure transaction was, we set that business up with an investment-grade balance sheet and a mandate that they self-fund their business. And when they can return capital to the parent to support our share repurchases and our dividend program and our growth and our utilities, they can do that. So I think one of the things that Trevor oftentimes says is, that business produces a flywheel of cash, and that has been very instrumental to Sempra success in growing this utility platform, and we'll look to them to help finance their growth on LNG side.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thank you so much, guys. Appreciate the update today.
Jeff Martin: Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, hi. I guess it's afternoon here. The -- just a follow-up on LNG and specifically Cameron. If you do get to FID in first half of '23, when would Cameron likely be online, expansion?
Justin Bird: So in terms of the additional train, it would roughly be four years. After that I think the other thing to remember about the Cameron project as a whole, as I mentioned, we're looking to accelerate the debottlenecking, which we think can produce an incremental 1 million tons per annum. And we would expect that to come online prior to the full second train. Sorry, the full additional train at Phase two.
Jeff Martin: So the way to think about Steve would be fully online by 2027, which is about a 48-month period of time. Justin is making a great point, we're looking to have access to additional volumes from debottlenecking, probably within our five-year plan period.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And that would be incremental to the plan, the debottlenecking [Indiscernible]
Jeff Martin: That's correct. That's something we're following very closely. It's important.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. That's great. And then Jeff, obviously you've got a new long-term growth rate out, the stock has been doing better this year, and that's great. And so -- but I'd be curious if you were to -- what would make you consider changing the structure of Sempra, i.e. breaking off SIP or selling more SIP. What are the things that could change the way it is or you're likely, given the way this is all coming together just to continue the path you've laid out today?
Jeff Martin: I will give you a couple of comments, Steve and I mentioned some of this earlier in the call, but I think today's call really is a combination of what we've been talking about in terms of our strategy and the value being focused on T&D platform that really privileges U.S. utility growth, right? So we're very pleased with the progress we've made over the last four years and be able to grow our earnings per share over that four-year period at about 11% rate and fund these record capital plans while returning capital to shareholders. So we've got a pretty virtuous model going for us right now. One of the things I would ask you to think about is we have a very rigorous strategy discussion with our Board we met earlier this week. Strategy is discussed at every single regular meeting of the Sempra Board through the lens of how we can push more and more value back to our shareholders. And I think you can tell from the last three or four years, we're not going to be bashful. If we see an opportunity to unlock the balance sheet and buyback more shares or adjust our dividend policy, we're going to do that. But I think right now the key takeaway from this call is we have a record capital campaign. We've gone from 2017 when I was the CFO of having a $16 billion five-year plan, Steve, it's 20 billion higher in over a four-year period of time. So our number one opportunity is to make sure that we're funding as a first priority, what we think is a very attractive capital program and continue to look for opportunities to unlock value. And I think we've demonstrated a willingness to do that.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Just last question on the balance sheet. I appreciate the FFO to debt metric and the like. Just have the -- have you gotten any comment from the rating agencies on the updated plan and how they are thinking about it?
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Steve. I'll pass that to Trevor for commentary.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. Yes, Steve, we have gone and highlighted the plan with the rating agencies and gotten some of their feedback. We will do it in a bigger way in subsequent weeks here. But they understand where we are on things. And again, we feel very good about the 18% FFO to debt that we ended the year at and continue to strengthen the balance sheet, that is a priority of mine and continued to fund the capex plan.
Justin Bird: I would also mention, Steve, and we've talked about strengthening the balance sheet, probably every year for the last four years, and I think you're seeing that benefit. So you think about the high watermark in the second quarter of 2018 when we finished the completion of the Oncor acquisition, our debt-to-capitalization was about 57%. So we've really sickened our equity layer today. At the end of the year of 2021 it was 47%. So you're seeing us Fortress the balance sheet with a view towards supporting more growth for our shareholders and the return of capital in the form of both dividends and share repurchases.
Steve Fleishman: Great, great. Thank you for the thorough update. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Steve
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jeff Martin: Hi Michael.
Michael Lapides: Hey, Jeff. Congrats on a good end-of-year call and a great start for 2022. Lots of exciting things going on. Curious, a couple of questions on the core utilities. One of which is that if I look at your rate base and your net income guidance. Your net income growth rate that the California utilities are mid-single-digit range. I think I just invented a word [Indiscernible]. Mid-single digits for '22 and '23, but rate base growth is double-digit both of those years from '22 and '23 and then at Oncor, it's kind of the opposite. The net income growth is low double-digit in '22, but the rate base for it kind of in that 8% to 9% range. Can you just remind us what's driving the big spread between rate-based growth and net income growth, albeit it's a little different in California, [Indiscernible]?
Jeff Martin: Let me just start with a little bit of context. I think one of the things we're excited about and you've seen us dedicated our focus to improve the quality and scale of our us utilities that's reflected in our rate base numbers, Michael. But California rate base projections are clipping along at about 9% CAGR. And that Allen's organization, Oncor is growing at roughly 8%. And on average, you put those two together and they're growing about 8.5%. I'll take your point, which you would expect earnings to roughly over long periods of time to reflect that type of rate-based CAGR. In California, you recall that we're going into a rate case cycle. That first year where rates are in effect, you usually see a large step-up and it's that portion of the new rate base that's coming into that cycle. And at Texas, you have a little bit of a lag in terms of how they're mechanisms work. But I think the larger point you're making is you don't have visibility to year three or four or five from a growth standpoint. But that differentiation you're seeing should basically come together closer to the overall rate base growth over the five-year period.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. And then this is a busy regulatory year. I mean, you got a file rate cases in California. And I think you have to file in taxes. Is there any scenario where hopefully more so on the Texas side, you could get an incremental one-year delay? There are a bunch of other utilities like into deep taxes and others filing in Texas this year. Do you have -- do you feel you have the need to file in Texas or is this some filing but that you're kind of required to make.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. Let me make a couple of contextual comments and I'll pass it to my partner, Allen and I here in just a second. But you remember here in California, we're going to follow our cases later this year, both for SDG&E and SoCalGas. Those cases will flow into 2023 with a view that those rates will be effective on January 1, 2024. In Texas, Allen has prepared his team for his rate case filing. But Allen, I'll let you speak to how you're prepared for that case, how you think about the timing of that case relative to some of Michael's comments.
Allen Nye: Sure, Jeff. Thanks, Michael. Yes. Just initially, let me say, when we extended our rate-case deadline filing last year, we got a deadline set of on or before June 1 of this year. So right now, we're required to make the filing on or before June 1. I'll tell you, probably looking at call it mid-May for a filing. We're putting together what we think is a very strong case, we have obviously very aware of what other utilities have done down there recently and what the outcomes have been. I feel strongly, I've said it before, rate cases are very company-specific, very fact-specific. They relate in a large way to the way you've run your company over time. Your relationships with your constituents and the PUC. And we feel very good about all those connections in the history of how we perform with these rate cases. So I'm not going to front run my lawyers and my experts, my witnesses, and I can't really get into what we think we're going to file, obviously, ROE and Cap structure are always big in these cases, and that'll be a focus of our cases as well. And then just the only other thing I would add, I think somebody said in the opening comments, I think everyone is where -- we do have the lowest rates of any IOU in Texas. And if you're going in for a rate case, that's a good place to be. So all-in-all, right now we're looking at mid-May, we don't think there's going to be another extension. There's obviously a lot going on at the commission right now, but we feel good about where we are and that's our current plans.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Allen. Thank Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ryan Levine with Citi, please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: Hey, everybody.
Jeff Martin: Hey, Ryan.
Ryan Levine: Hey. What's included in the $1 billion to $1.1 billion of Energy Networks potential project? And how is the contracting in developed environment today in light of the commodity and political backdrop to comparison with previous quarters?
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Ryan for that question. You recall that we announced a recent MOU with CFE. And one of the things that the country is trying to address is, as they went through their reforms from 2013, they've essentially overbuilt their pipeline network at the time with a view toward building a lot more natural gas-fired generation to replace a lot of their oil-fired plants, so their older plants. Some of that pipeline capacity is unused. So one of the things that's important in that MOU is that our partnership with CSE is designed to basically utilize some of their pipeline system to support the Vista Pacifico project, which reduces the cost that they are bearing for that capacity. And secondly, there's a work around planned where they've agreed to help us put the Sonora pipeline back into service network, involve additional capital. And we've got our opportunities here, particularly in Baja. One of the things that Tonya always reminds us up is Baja California and Baja Sur is literally disconnected from a gas and electrical standpoint from Mainland Mexico. So this situation where San Diego Gas, Electric sits and this North Baja position that we picked up in terms of our power position in renewables, as well as our pipeline position, we think there will be continued opportunities there and in the future for pipelines to be built to support growth in Baja.
Ryan Levine: Thank you for that. And then in terms of your guidance, what are the components of the parent costs reduction between 2022 and 2023 that you're guiding towards?
Jeff Martin: So I will tell you that we're managing a number of things. The biggest obvious issue in our parent costs is how we manage our overall interest cost. And the second thing, when we talked about that in the prepared remarks about some of our preferred equity going away year-over-year. But we also have been managing down our overall SG&A for the parent. I don't know if -- Trevor, if you want to add any additional remarks on our parent costs year-over-year?
Trevor Mihalik: Yeah. No, Jeff. I think you pretty much touched on it. The higher parent losses were primarily due to less interest savings driven by a higher capital plan.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then last question for me in terms of battery outlook, recognizing the recent regulatory filings, do you see any upside to the spending in California? And are you looking at any electric batteries for Mexico?
Jeff Martin: Yes. We definitely have a Volta project very much adjacent to TDM in Mexico. You may remember that when TDM was built back in the 2000 period, they had plans for a second combined cycle plant to be built adjacent to TDM. That project has now been dedicated to batteries and Justin's teams evaluating a 500 megawatt battery project out of that location. I'll turn it over to Kevin. We actually are quite bullish on batteries here at San Diego Gas & Electric, and maybe Kevin you can contextualize that opportunity for the utility.
Kevin Sagara: Yeah. Thank you. Hey, Ryan. So we were happy to see the PUC approved earlier this month. Our advice letter around three new energy storage projects that total ed of about a 160 megawatts, that's about $300 million -- $380 million capital investment. There were three different projects there, all lithium-ion. I think we're going to see more and more of this. We are seeing with the Cal ISO study that came out, there's a big need for a lot more resources like this and I think we're going to see a tremendous amount of energy storage still to get built. And what will get our fair share of that like we did here. Thank you.
Operator: [Indiscernible] next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jeff Martin: Hi, Julien Dumoulin.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Congratulations on the continued results.
Jeff Martin: Thanks.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. Just with respect to Ryan's last question, maybe I'll start with the strategic one here. As you think about the Sempra Infrastructure side, you all have done a lot in the gas-based. You also, obviously located in California, principally. Renewable natural gas was mentioned in your comments here, how do you think about leaning into opportunities that might avail themselves specifically as some of those opportunities become perhaps more right, if you will, across the Western U.S.?
Jeff Martin: I'll give you a couple of thoughts and maybe Kevin, you can follow me. But I think one of the things, and I actually had the opportunity to follow Edison's call yesterday too, that you're seeing is there is no longer a conversation about whether there's going to be a clean energy transition, Julien. The conversation now is about how fast it can happen and what the different mix of technologies in fuels will be. And I think in California, one of the areas that we're fairly prideful about our leadership position is we see a marketplace here where there there's a big and growing role for electrification in the form of green kilowatt, but there's also big role for green molecule. So I think this decision you saw yesterday very much validates the adjacencies in the existing value of SoCalGas system. They just completed 4% of the core deliveries last year from renewable natural gas and this new mandate will up that number to about 12.5% by 2030. And that ruling came after SoCalGas had already committed to get to 20% by 2030. So I think the role of renewable natural gas, our recent announcement around the Angeles Link for hydrogen. These are going to be big opportunities. I think our footprint to your point, it's going give us a lot of opportunities, both on the regulated and unregulated side. And Kevin, you've long been a leader in our innovation at the company. Maybe you can provide some color around how you're thinking about renewable natural gas and hydrogen.
Kevin Sagara: Yeah, I think we've spoken about this before to Julien, which is just around this idea that clean molecules have a big role to play in this energy transition and I think obviously, you saw what we announced with Angeles Link. We got some favorable feedback from various stakeholders around the state around that project. And you see this decision by the CPUC authorizing this renewable natural gas standard for the utilities, which is an acknowledgment that, hey, the gas companies’ infrastructure are going to have a big role to play in this clean energy transition within the state, helping the state reach its aggressive decarbonization goal. So we view this as all of like a positive step and it's demonstrating that there is a role in the state for clean fuels along with a lot of electrification.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent guys, I'm curious to see when it becomes more material. Maybe if I can just talk on numbers here. As you think about this new CAGR that you've all laid out, can you talk a little bit about the funds ability between buybacks and used deployment just in share repurchase versus today, going to an LNG FID or the debottlenecking. Obviously, there's several different scenarios that could play out here. Can you talk about how maybe capital going into an LNG FID could potentially effectively delay so that earnings recognition in the 27, but ultimately be accretive to your CAGR as I understand it? So maybe what's assumed in the form of buybacks and then ultimately, what is that incremental opportunity if you can kind of define it relative to the CAGR?
Jeff Martin: Well, let me take a shot at it. And if I don't answer it accurately, please come back and we'll try to make sure I get a more fulsome answer. But I would start with the fact that you've seen our capital program grow from about $16 billion over five years in 2017 to $36 billion. So the cornerstone of our program going forward is the fact that all three of our platforms have very strong growth. And against that backdrop, we understand that we're accompanied where we need to privilege the dividend, right? So our investors expect us to return capital in a very competitive way with our dividend and what you've seen us do in the summer of 2020, Julien, and now most recently in the last 90 days, it put a billion dollars of share repurchases to work. And again, as someone mentioned earlier, flexing the balance sheet a little bit, between now and the end of 2023, to put another billion at work. So when we think about that return of capital, it's really a two-pronged opportunity, of dividend, juxtapose beside the share repurchases. Now, to your point, as you go forward in the plan, there are a variety of things that could cause our plan to get bigger when you think about LNG, I've made this comment earlier in my prepared remarks. But we certainly think what's unique about Sempra Infrastructure is we've given them a mandate to be self-funded, right? So they are in a position where with an investment-grade balance sheet that can source the capital markets, they can source debt, they can raise money at the project level. They've demonstrated a willingness to do that. So think about Cameron as example. We originally owned about 50% of that project. And through our sell-down at Sempra Infrastructure to 70% level today, our look through equity participation at Cameron today is roughly 35%. So we have a lot of flexibility under Faisel's leadership and Justin's leadership to make sure that we're very disciplined before we spend dollars on the LNG business. But their job is to risk adjust those cash flows in a way that makes sure these accretive opportunities for the Sempra shareholder.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. So just on buyback commitment, that's assumed in the plan, there is no specific number per se?
Jeff Martin: So I think what we're saying is that we have identified programmatically that we're going to spend another $1 billion around share repurchases between now and 2023, and beyond that will be opportunistic based upon what's in front of us and what we think creates the best, kind of adjusted Total shareholder return for our investors?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, absolutely a lot of moving pieces here, thank you again and congrats once more. I'll speak to you guys soon.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Julian. Appreciate it.
Operator: We will take our next question from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Craig Shere: Hi. Congratulations on another good quarter and the ongoing growth.
Jeff Martin: Thank you Craig.
Craig Shere: Jeff, you mentioned the stressed and uncharted global energy markets and the related opportunities on slide 34 for more Sempra Infrastructure projects. Now, up to $9 billion of incremental accretive projects, it's certainly nothing small. But that seems to ignore Port Arthur and ECA Phase 2. I realize for various reasons, some of these additional projects may be more towards the end of the decade, but in a perfect storm of global energy and security, there may be quite an appetite for multiple large-scale projects that while mainly not FID exactly the same time, maybe they can overlap in construction of our one or two years and be quite a bit to digest in terms of their overall size. So the first part of my question is, in a perfect storm where the world needs help, would you be willing to take on that much? And if we're looking at perhaps $20 billion of SIP, growth capex two decades then. And I notice this is -- was asked in a different manner. But what I'm trying to get at is it got to be that big. Does that necessarily augur for additional structural change?
Jeff Martin: Yeah. It's a really interesting set a question and I want to compliment you because you have long been a follower of the LNG markets and we've always appreciated our dialogue with you and your firm about this. But you used twice this reference to a perfect storm and we don't take too much confidence or happiness in the fact that we've been predicting this for over five or 10 years. This need for what needs to happen in the middle of decades and we certain no one forecasted what's currently taking place. And I think perfect storm is the right characterization of it. Look, there's no question that there is a commitment globally to clean energy transition, but there's a growing recognition that that transition, Craig, has to happen in an orderly way. As you think about both developing markets and OECD nations, there is a strong and growing role, a very important role for natural gas, and LNG is really going to be the feedstock that allows both Europe and Asia to make that transition with order in a way which is affordable. It is the natural partner to renewable, so I think we're in a very fortuitous position. I think you're really describing for us a high-class problem, so we do have a unique set of assets both from the West Coast, and the Gulf that can be responsive. Now we can't suggest this point be responsive in the short-term, but over the long term, we have a very bullish view of what can happen in our portfolio. Maybe Faisel, who is the CFO of that business, maybe you can think about to Craig's question, Faisel, how you think about that opportunity and how it could be flexed and how big it could be for our company.
Faisel Khan: Yes, Craig, I think that would the awesome if we could do all these projects all the same time. But obviously, you have to be disciplined about how we do it. So if we think about over the long run how we're going to source that capital. So at Sempra Infrastructure, obviously when ECA Phase 1 comes online, we're going to have a step-up in cash flows there. So we have very strong internally generated cash flows to fund growth projects in the future. The second part of it too is we have our partners now in KKR and ADIA, they can also be a source of capital for big projects like that. And thirdly, we can pull capital at the project level. So similar to what we've done at Cameron, we can do that with other projects too. So I'd say, as we think about the future of funding these projects, we feel very good about how we can source the capital into that growth.
Jeff Martin: And I'll just maybe Craig as a final comment say, in the perfect storm you're describing, I think there will be a lot of alignment, around government agencies and support across our industry to pull projects forward as necessary. If we can to be helpful to improve the energy security of our allies.
Craig Shere: One would hope our studies would be so integrated.
Jeff Martin: We're in agreement.
Craig Shere: Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thank you very much.
Operator: We move to our next question from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
Sunil Sibal: Hi. Good morning, folks. And --
Jeff Martin: Good morning.
Sunil Sibal: -- thanks for all the clarity. Actually, I had a couple of follow-ups on the LNG discussion. It seems like the European utilities over the last few years have been evolved to taking on long-term commitments, the 20-year contracts or so. Considering that the changes we are seeing currently, has that kind of discussions opened up again? I was just curious on that.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Sure. A couple of things have taken place. One is European utilities are doing several things. They are taken on longer-term contracts. Number one, you're seeing other companies make more investments in pipeline, what they call future ready pipelines for hydrogen, which is probably further along than we are in the United States. But Justin talked about really the improvement in how he's envisioning the long-term contracting environment and maybe Justin and you can just recap that in terms of the nature of the conversation you're having with counterparties currently?
Justin Bird: Yeah. Thank you, Jeff. Yes, Sunil, I think you had been seeing some reluctance on the European utilities to really go out on long-dated contracts. I think a lot of that was driven by uncertainty around the taxonomy, as well as carbon tax related questions. So I think some of that overhang is still there, but I will say we're seeing a significant uptick in interest, particularly given, some of the things that we've described it, as Jeff described in the global markets. The forwards clearly currently affected by what's happening in the Ukraine. But we're still seeing significant interest in the 10 million tons that I'm talking about marketing in Europe and Asia, all of it on a 20-year basis.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Justin.
Sunil Sibal: Thanks for that. And then one clarification on the one MTPA that mention for the Cameron debottlenecking. Is that capacity all spoken for between your partners in that project?
Jeff Martin: So yeah, that capacity would go to the current off-takers. And so basically represent in a sense, captive customers for the marginal earnings that would come out of those additional volumes.
Sunil Sibal: Got it. And then last question on that, I think you mentioned improvement in return profile on these projects. Could you give us a sense of directionally what kind of improvements that you are seeing? And I presume that contract construct with regards to the nature of the contract it's pretty much similar to what we did for Cameron.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. I'll pass this to Faisel, but I think one of the things we're referring to here is the nature of scarcity that you see in the marketplace, and the growing recognition that you're seeing about the growing role of natural gas. This calls in two things to happen. Number 1, increase openness by customers to enter into long-dated contracts. And Number 2, greater competition for the capacity that we're looking to market both in the Gulf and the West Coast, and Faisel, you want to add anything in that in terms of what we're seeing,
Faisel Khan: I mean, Trevor is also laid this out in his capital allocation framework, but it's targeting those mid to high teens equity levered IRR is what we look at.
Sunil Sibal: Got it. Thanks for that.
Jeff Martin: Thanks, Sunil.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Nicholas Campanella with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jeff Martin: Hi, Nicholas Campanella.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, team. Hey, long time no talks. I guess, just on the California utilities and in terms of what's assumed in the broader six to eight CAGR here. I know we talked about the GRC cycle coming up. You also have cost of capital coming. Are you just kind of assuming status quo through 25/26, or how should we think about that?
Jeff Martin: Couple of things for you in terms of the five-year plan. Two of those years are under the old rate case and then three of the four or five years will be covered by the rates case that goes into effect on January 1, 2024. In terms of cost of capital, we're obviously following the proceeding very closely. I think our current range for 2022 is contemplated whether the trigger mechanism applies or doesn't apply, it's contemplated in the range we viewed as having between $0.5 and $0.10 impact either way. And then in terms of the GRC assumption, as we think about forecasting in future periods, you recall [Indiscernible] convention has been to use substantially similar attrition mechanisms from the past. So if you look at the attrition mechanisms that PG&E and Edison recently got. And our average attrition mechanism across both utilities over the last five years. That's a good proxy for our expectation in the plan going forward.
Nicholas Campanella: Great. Thanks a lot. And just one more cleanup question here on LNG or sorry, SIP EBITDA, you gave '22, we have earnings guidance for '22 and '23. Is there any reason why '23 wouldn't track similar to how you framed the change in earnings, from an EBITDA perspective, just trying to think about EBITDA at SIP for’23? Thanks.
Trevor Mihalik: So the earnings for -- the earnings you see in our guidance range for '22 and '23, assumes the proportional amount of earnings, the NCI's in there. For example, in '22, you're seeing roughly 25% interest to our non-controlling shareholders. And then in '23, you're seeing 30% non-controlling interest. That's why you see a little bit of a change there. But on a gross basis, the EBITDA is basically fairly straightforward.
Justin Bird: But let me just say this, the reason we just put '22 in there, there was nothing with regards to why we didn't put '23. It's largely the same.
Nicholas Campanella: Yeah. Just wanted to confirm that. Thanks for the time. Really appreciate it.
Jeff Martin: Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session at this time. I will turn the conference back to Jeff Martin for any additional or closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: Sure. In closing I wanted to make sure we took the time to summarize some of the highlights from today's call. We've nearly tripled our U.S. rate base in four years to $41 billion. That includes current authorized blended ROE. Today they're slightly higher than 10%. We posted record adjusted EPS results print in a number today of about $8.43. This was the 12th consecutive year that we've been able to raise our dividend. And today, we announced our long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%. And by the way, over the last 10 years, we delivered a 7% to 8% annual CAGR in terms of EPS growth. I would also note that we're really benefiting from a simplified business model with three T&D platforms with scale and the biggest economic markets in North America and all of these results are being backed by shareholder-friendly repurchases; $1 billion in the summer of 2020 and another approximate $1 billion through 2023. We appreciate everyone joining the call. Trevor and Justin and our IR team will be attending the Credit Suisse Conference next week in Vail and also the Morgan Stanley Conference next week in New York. We hope we have the chance to see many of you there in person at both of those events. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-05 14:30:00) =====
Operator: Please standby, we're about to begin. Good day and welcome to the Sempra Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Nelly Molina, please go ahead.
Nelly Molina: Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our Third Quarter 2021 Earnings call for Sempra. A live webcast of this teleconference and a slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors Section. We have several members of our management team with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra Infrastructure, Faisel Khan Chief Financial Officer of Sempra Infrastructure.  Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor, Kevin Sagara, Group President, and Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make today.  The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are these calls in the Company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q file with the SEC. All of the earnings-per-share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. We also encourage you to review our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021.
Nelly Molina: I would also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, November 5, 2021, and the Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide 4 and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Nelly (ph). Several years ago, we revised our business strategy to narrow the focus of the Company, to invest in an energy infrastructure and markets where we expect high-growth. Today, there's a growing in recognition about why these types of investments are increasingly important. Whether it's the current dislocation in European energy markets or high prices for RNG in Asia, or even challenging weather events here at home that call for greater resiliency. New investments in energy infrastructure are certainly needed.  Bipartisan support in Washington for the pending infrastructure bill provides further validation of this trend. In addition to help meet the needs of the market at Sempra, we certainly believe energy infrastructure right here in North America is a key driver of job creation, economic growth, and competitiveness across the economy. Moreover, maintaining the modern, flexible and secure network of electric transmission and distribution lines, natural gas pipelines, and storage facilities is essential to delivering affordable and increasingly clean energy to U.S. businesses and consumers while promoting growth across all sectors of our economy.  Against that backdrop, we'll provide a business update today On the key activities in our California and Texas utilities. Also, Justin Bird, our new CEO of Sempra Infrastructure, will provide an update on how he's organized that business to capture exciting new growth opportunities. This will be followed by a summary of our financial performance. As an overview for the quarter, our strategic focus on investment in energy infrastructure across each of our three growth platforms together with a commitment to operational excellence, continue to drive strong financial performance.  As you know, we have a long track record of continuing to raise our guidance, and then working hard to meet or exceed that guidance This is a result of our high performing culture and continuous focus on improving the quality of our operations. As a result of these efforts, we expect to be at the upper end of our full-year 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range and we are reaffirming our full-year 2022 EPS guidance range. Now, please turn to the next slide where Justin and I will provide business updates.  Let me start with our California utilities. In August, SDG&E filed an off-cycle application with the CPUC to update its cost of capital effective January 1, 2022. This application would increase SDG&E's equity ratio from 52% to 54% ROE from 10.2% to 10.55%, while also lowering cost of debt from 4.59% to 3.84%. The application, if accepted by the CPUC, would supersede the automatic cost of capital adjustment mechanism. In terms of timing, SDG&E has requested a decision in the first half of 2022.  Also, at SoCalGas, we recently announced agreements expected to resolve substantially all material civil litigation against SoCalGas and Sempra, related to the 2015 Aliso Canyon natural gas storage facility leak, with net after-tax cash flows for SoCalGas expected to ultimately be up to $895 billion after taking into consideration collection of existing insurance receivables and other adjustments. These agreements are important milestones that will help the community and our Company work toward putting this difficult chapter behind us. In addition, last month, SoCalGas issued an important technical analysis underscoring the essential role of clean fuel networks that leverage existing gas infrastructure to help California achieve its net 0 goals and more importantly, to do so more affordably and more efficiently than other alternatives. Moving now to Texas, Oncor announced this updated 2022 to 2026 capital plan of approximately $15 billion. It's important to note that this plan is a $2.8 billion increase over its 2021 to 2025 capital plan, that was presented at the 2021 Investor Day in June. At Sempra Infrastructure, we recently finalized a series of transactions, including the sale of a non-controlling interest to KKR. Completing the exchange offer and subsequent cash tender offer to purchase the publicly-owned IEnova shares and delisting IEnova shares from the Mexican Stock Exchange. Addition I'd like to note, related to the formation of Sempra Infrastructure, we've updated our GAAP guidance range for 2021 to include items expected to be reflected in our fourth quarter results. You can find the GAAP reconciliation in the appendix to the slide decks.  Please turn to the next slide. Before I hand the call over to Jeff, I want to make one follow-on point about Oncor. We've talked a lot in the past about being in the most attractive energy markets in North America, and Texas is certainly an example. Oncor today operates in one of the fastest-growing markets in the country with some forecast estimating that the Texas population will nearly double by 2050. With strong macro fundamentals across its service territory, Oncor just announced a record-high 5-year capital plan of $15 billion. This capital plan is primarily ear-marked to meet load growth with 2/3s of the plan, dedicated to expansions of the Company's transmission and distribution network.  Oncor's robust projected capital plan and rate-based figures are expected to support economic development across its service territory, increases in generation interconnections, strong premise growth, and critical new investments in grid modernization and resiliency. And finally, Oncor now expects to grow its rate base to nearly $28 billion by 2026, which reflects a compound annual growth rate of about 8% over the 5-year period. The growth the Company is experiencing is just remarkable. Please turn to the next slide, where I'll pass the call over to Justin, to review the latest updates at Sempra Infrastructure.
Justin Bird : Thanks, Jeff. I'm excited to present the newly formed Sempra Infrastructure platform. We expect the formation of Sempra Infrastructure along with the financial strength of KKR to give us added scale to execute on a wide range of energy infrastructure opportunities across Sempra Infrastructure's 3 business lines. Since closing this transaction, a month ago, we're already seeing the benefits of combining the 2 organizations through financial synergies and commercial optimization. For example, we've been able to restock our capital structure to create meaningful cost savings. To capture new development opportunities, we've organized into three business lines, LNG and Net Zero Solutions, Energy Networks, and Clean Power.  We expect this structure will enhance growth and quality execution. This also strategically positions us to benefit from North America's continued trend toward the clean energy transition by optimizing the natural partnership between natural gas and renewables to help meet decarbonization goals here in North America and abroad. Energy infrastructure, as Jeff described at the top of today's call, is the focus of our development program.  Now, please turn to the next slide where I'll briefly discuss how we're advancing growth in each of our business lines. First at LNG and Net Zero Solutions, the LNG market has recovered quite dramatically as evidenced by the spot market with record high prices being seen in Europe and Asia and a recent uptick in long-term contracting activity around the world. With that constructive backdrop, our LNG development portfolio, is expected to benefit from the strategic advantage of being situated on both the Pacific and Gulf Coasts with direct access to both Asian and European markets.  As a reminder, ECA LNG Phase 1, was the only LNG export project in the world to take a final investment decision last year, which reinforces the competitive advantage of Brownfield sites, that can dispatch into the Atlantic and Pacific basins. Now looking forward, we remain focused on the construction of ECA LNG Phase 1, working with our partners to optimize Cameron LNG 's current operations, as well as the development of the Cameron LNG expansion. And finally, working on an exciting new Pacific opportunity in Topolobampo, Mexico called Vista Pacifico LNG. at ECA LNG Phase 1, engineering, equipment, fabrication, and site preparation are well underway.  The project is on time and on budget, and we continue to expect first LNG production by the end of 2024. At Cameron LNG, the current facility is running well and hit record production levels during the month of October. Together with our partners, we're developing a projected 7 million tons per annum expansion project benefiting from 1 million tons per annum of debottlenecking trains, 1, 2, 3. With innovations and train design coupled with the high performance of trains 1 through 3, we expect this to be a very competitive, capital-efficient expansion. In terms of next steps, we plan to move to feed early next year to file an amendment with FERC to build Train 4 with electric drives in order to reduce Scope 1 emissions, and to work closely with our partners as we advance toward FID. Lastly, Vista Pacifico LNG is a new development project located adjacent to our Topolobampo refined products terminal.  This new project is expected to be a mid-scale facility connected to two existing pipelines. One of them being the high-pressure pipeline system we own in Sonora. The project would source lower-cost natural gas from the Permian Basin for export to high demand Asian markets. At our Energy Networks in clean power businesses, I'd like to highlight two important projects. The expansion of the GROE pipeline and the expansion of our ESJ wind farm. The GROE expansion is a pipeline project in development that is expected to increase gas delivery capacity to the Baja Peninsula and play a critical role in supplying gas to the ECA LNG Phase 1 project. We continue to advance a series of our cross-border renewable projects that are expected to dispatch directly into California. Specifically, the ESJ Expansion, leverages the existing power transmission capacity that we own on the U.S. and Mexico border. We're the only Company that owns cross-border transmission lines that can connect into the California electric grid and that allow us to have a competitive advantage in helping the state meet its growing need for new renewable energy resources.  I'm excited about the team we put together and about the business we're building. It's a unique opportunity, where well situated to compete and we certainly expect to play a crucial role in investing in energy infrastructure right here in North America that supports the global energy transition. Please turn to the next slide, where I'll pass the call to Trevor, to review our financial results.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Justin. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter 2021 GAAP losses of $648 million or $2.03 per share. This compares to third quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $351 million or $1.21 per share. On an adjusted basis, third quarter 2021 earnings were $545 million or $1.70 per share. This compares to our third quarter 2020 adjusted earnings of $432 million or $1.49 per share. Please turn to the next slide.  The variance in the third quarter 2021 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year was affected by the following key items; $35 million of higher earnings at Sempra, Mexico due to higher ownership of IEnova, $35 million of higher CPUC base operating margin, net of operating expenses at SDG&E and SoCalGas, $29 million of lower losses at parent and other primarily due to lower preferred dividends and $29 million related to the energy efficiency program refund in the third quarter of 2020 at SDG&E.  Please turn to the next slide. We are pleased with our operational and financial performance this quarter and are focused on continuing to execute through the remainder of the year. We also think our strong year-to-date performance, sets us up well to have a great year in 2022. With that, this concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now stop and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet : Hi. Good morning.
Jeff Martin : Good morning Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet : I just want to touch on the LNG market a bit here, interest and heard about the new prospects in Mexico that you were talking about, but just curious, I guess for your thoughts on the market. Right now, we've seen some others kind of signed some contracts close to 20 years pretty recently here. And so, it seems like the market could be improving. And I understand that there's two types of markets, the spot obviously being very strong right now, but you guys are looking at the long-term contracts and there's some different dynamics that go on there. Just wondering if you could help us think through how the market looks at this point for the longer-term contracts.
Jeff Martin : Yeah, appreciate having the opportunity to answer that question. I'll pass it to Justin here momentarily, but I would just start by saying, in the LNG trade, the spot market's roughly 30% of the overall market. We think the market backdrop is quite constructive. We've been fairly bullish on LNG, as many of you know, for quite a long period of time. And I would say that we're quite optimistic based upon the level and nature of our current conversations with counter parties. But let me just pass it to Justin. Maybe you can give an overview of what you're seeing in the marketplace, Justin.
Justin Bird : Thanks, Jeff, and hi, Jeremy. Yeah, I think we've seen a dramatic improvement in the market, both on the spot market, and I think importantly, you're starting to see some of these long-term contracts come back. Also, importantly, we're seeing higher forward curves over the next few years for deliveries into Asia and Europe. And I'd say the final thing that we're seeing that I think is important is you're seeing China 's reentry into the long-term market.  We are seeing a real uptick in our discussions, both in Asia and Europe, and frankly, as well as South America. So, I think we're going to see some exciting things coming over LNG portfolio and we should benefit from this constructive market backdrop. Again, we think we have a competitive advantage, the ability to dispatch directly into Europe and Asia. And again, over the long term, it's nice to see that we still see demand for LNG growing mid to high single-digits, which supports our long-term very bullish view on LNG development.
Jeremy Tonet : Got it. That's very helpful there. Thanks, and maybe peeping towards California here. And thinking about the California investment opportunities and some of the reliability considerations that remain in focus, are there any near-term opportunities you see for San Diego Gas & Electric at this stage? And just you see smothers in the state in a moving forward and different initiatives. What do you think are next steps for you guys there?
Jeff Martin : I'll give you a couple of fault. We're actually quite constructive on California. A couple of things I'd mentioned, as you may have seen the decision yesterday, where the PSC approved increasing the capacity utilization at Aliso Canyon, like they increased it from roughly 34 Bcf to 41 Bcf. And I would tell you, we're certainly committed to supporting a much cleaner economy in California. But the expectations today, Jeremy, is that traditionally, California uses roughly 39% to 41% of natural gas for its electricity production in the winter time because of low hydro levels.  I think there's much more focus now on that being closer to 45%. We could see record utilization of natural gas here in California in the winter and I think the PUC decision reflects that. More broadly both SoCalGas and SDG&E have made a commitment to be a leader in the clean energy transition, and this is going to inform not only our current investments, but how we're stacking capital investments going into the GRC next year. And Kevin, maybe you can talk about some of the things that you are seeing around battery storage and other things that could be near-term opportunities for SDG&E.
Justin Bird : Thanks for that, Jeff. Thanks, Jeremy. Yes, we are seeing a lot of opportunities at both utilities. Jeff mentioned at the gas Company obviously, a lot of clean fuels opportunities around RNG and hydrogen. But you specifically asked about SDG&E. At SDG&E we're seeing a big push in the state, given what we've seen in the last couple of tight summers around more storage capacity, more generation capacity. I think SDG&E will have some filings in the next few weeks around more utility-owned battery storage.  I think you'll also see a lot more activity in the coming months and years around electric vehicles too. California has made a lot of bold commitments to move -- much more strongly toward electric vehicles. And, I think you'll see a lot of grid enhancements and good modifications in that area. But I'd also remind you that, climate resilience is a big thing here, and so continues to be a lot of wildfire mitigation opportunities to invest capital as well.
Jeremy Tonet : Got it, that's helpful. I'll leave it there, thanks.
Trevor Mihalik : Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Jeff Martin : Morning Shahriar.
Constantine Lednev : Good morning, team. It's actually, Constantine here for Shahriar. Thanks for taking our question. Just following up a bit on the LNG market question. As you're putting out a more discrete SIP project pipeline, are there big economics for the projects within that pipeline still in the same low-teens IRR range that you've targeted before for some of the discrete projects? And how do those differ between the 3 categories that you outline?
Jeff Martin : So, I think you're talking about the return expectations across all 3 platforms?
Constantine Lednev : Yes.
Jeff Martin : What I would probably say is, in this midstream space, we target mid-double-digit levered type of returns. We think those are consistent across all those. Interestingly, on the Clean Power side, you may recall that we've seen returns come in here in the U.S. That's one of the reasons we exited that business two or three years ago. In Mexico because of our border position and the access we have to two very important transmission lines that bring power into the U.S., we think we have a real competitive advantage in that region.  So, we expect relatively higher returns in which, you might find in renewables here in the U.S. So, I would stick to say an overall of Justin 's portfolio, is going to manage toward mid-double-digit equity returns. One other thing I'll mention too to the broader LNG story, Justin and I got back from a recent trip to Europe, where we visited Warsaw, and Dusseldorf, and Berlin, and Brussels, and other places. There's a tremendous amount of recognition in Europe about the role for natural gas and specifically LNG.  And there's certainly a new risk premium being assigned to pipeline gas. There's even discussions at the highest level of the EU about creating a strategic natural gas reserve. We've got a team on the ground next week in Asia. I think going back to the original point with Jeremy, there's a tremendous amount of conversations today. And I think this continues to reinforce our bullish case for LNG
Constantine Lednev : Excellent, that's great color. And I guess also shifting to the updates and regulated CapEx. I mean, we're obviously seeing a healthy on core update, and do you anticipate a similar entry year cadence of an update for California? And maybe you could be a little bit more specific, as you're thinking about the opportunities that you outlined, is there any anticipation they are going to realign the focus with policy, both in state and federal, and the next iteration of those filings and GRC I suppose?
Jeff Martin : Let me start a little bit more broadly. I think there's been a lot of interest as people have engaged with us over the last couple of months, about having better visibility into Sempra 's long-term growth rate. You've heard us talk about our track record in the past of growing this business. Whether it's a 10-year period or 20-year period, at an EPS growth rate of around 7% or 8%. I must tell you; we feel fairly confident in our ability to produce similar growth in the future, over 7 to 10-year period of time.  And part of that, is bolstered by this continued point that we make about the quality of the markets we're participating in, right? So, you've got the number 1 market in America is California. And the number 2 market is Texas. And I think Allen just has a remarkable story in Texas which keeps getting better. And to your point, we're going to have an opportunity to restack our capital program here in California.  It's part of our GRC filing next year. And I think you should expect to see us to make filing requests around many of the things that Allen's doing, which is around resiliency, modernization of the grid, and making sure we're making those investments today that ensure that our infrastructure is future ready for what we need in the future, such as hydrogen and other things on the system. So, we have a fairly clear pathway to grow the business in California, very similar to Texas. And I think one of the things you're seeing on today's call is a pretty bullish case by Justin about what we can do in the Sempra Infrastructure business as well.
Constantine Lednev : Well, I think that that's an abundance of clarity. Thanks, Jeff.
Jeff Martin : Thanks, Constantine.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Jeff Martin : Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra : Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Just -- I wanted to go back to the Analyst Day and you specifically disclosed roughly $2 billion to $3 billion in additional CapEx at the utility. So, would this update -- what portion of that CapEx you've locked in or have included in the plan?
Jeff Martin : So, I think, there were a couple of things I have to make sure I don't misunderstand your question. The difference between the 5-year strip from Oncor that we presented in June, which went through 2025, as compared to the new 5-year strip, which goes to 2026 is a difference of $2.8 billion. We also talked about the Analyst Day, the intra-period change in 2021 and 2022 from the prior year's period. So, I think that you've seen two things take place. Year-over-year, you've seen the 2021 and 2022 CapEx for our utilities increase. But since June of this year, you've seen Allen 's numbers increase by $2.8 billion. So hopefully that's helpful.
Durgesh Chopra : Yeah, absolutely. But just -- in terms of like the Oncor CapEx itself, I think the number out there was like $775 million to $1.3 billion.
Jeff Martin : Yeah, Yes let me address that and hopefully, this will be helpful. So, a couple of points. The 5-year strip, going back to June has increased about $2.8 billion per Allen's organization, and Allen had an incremental bucket separate from that of $775 million to $1.275 billion, and that incremental bucket has been unchanged. And maybe Allen, it would be helpful if this is the right time to maybe do things for our -- 2 things, for our listening audience, Allen, talk a little bit about what's in your $15 billion CapEx plan. And separately, what's not in the plan related to future rulemaking and related to your incremental bucket, which I think is the nature of the question.
Durgesh Chopra : Sure Jeff. Yes, thanks. So, I think you described it very well. And what we've done today, is announced another billion dollars of Oncor CapEx over 5 years or $2.8 billion since the Investor Day, like Jeff said. That is really backed up by what Jeff mentioned in his opening remarks. Just tremendous growth that we can talk about across our system in a minute. But that $15 billion over 5 year is our new plan. To just point, a couple of years ago, we introduced this idea that, we had this other bucket, this incremental bucket of potential CapEx. And to just point that incremental bucket which we -- I think announced at $725 million to $1.275 billion.
Trevor Mihalik : remains there unavailable. And so how does that work? Well, what we do every year when we sit down with our Board and come up with what is now the $15 billion plan, there will be some projects that come out of that incremental bucket and go into that $15 billion plan. However, at the same time, we're also looking out further on the horizon and seeing things that we think could be included in that second bucket, which is the incremental bucket. That is separate and apart.  As Jeff said, we have announced a 5-year $15 billion plan, that's where we are today. We, in addition have another bucket which remains around -- these are estimates, but $725 to $1.275 that is available. And in that incremental bucket, in case we get to this in a minute, are also things -- another thing that we've added to that bucket is potential CapEx related to legislative activities in Texas and those fall in several categories. One is this possibility that we can participate a little bit in the storage market in Texas. There's a 100 megawatts available for the entire state.  So, we think there is an opportunity there, about $20 million for RPs and we're hopeful that that will grow over time. The Second Bill SB1281, which Related to CCNs and an economic benefit test specifically related to those CCNs. We think there is about probably 50 million a year in those incremental transmission projects. On the emergency generation side, I know there's been a lot of interest in that. We're working through acquiring some capital leases on the emergency generation side right now.  We're planning on having about 10 megawatts under contract. By January 1, the CapEx impact of what we do on emergency gen, like several of these categories, will depend on how much we ultimately end up leasing. But right now, the -- we're seeing kind of 5-megawatt emergency gen, 2 to 5 megawatts, around $2 million, and bigger 30-megawatt kind on the back of trailers, around $10 million. So, we'll make -- we'll make an appropriate reasonable decision for our customers in the ERCOT market on how much of that will require -- we will acquire, and that will determine the ultimate CapEx impacts of emergency gen.  Then on similar -- that same bill also provide us the opportunity to acquire long lead time equipment that we might need for service restoration. We think we're probably around what I would call $10 million for general plan for 2022 with an additional potential 100 on top of that for the remainder of the five-year plan, a $100 million worth of equipment. But again, that ultimate number is going to depend $10 million on general equipment is one thing. But if we get into stack comps and SVCs and some of the larger equipment.  That equipment goes from -- it can be anywhere from $50 million to $70 million per site. And so, we're still looking at all these legislative opportunities, that's just a general approach at what we're thinking right now on each of those. And as I said, these dollars associated with potential CapEx, associated with the legislation coming out of Storm Yuri are right now in our incremental bucket. But as we refine them, they will ultimately be moved at some point -- could be moved at some point into our 5-year plan. Jeff, is that what's you're asking for?
Jeff Martin : It is and I'll tell you the reason, there's so much enthusiasm from our team, as we've seen a $2.8 billion restack in that capital plan up to $15 billion since June. It has had no impact on the incremental bucket, which is still there as Allen described. And hasn't picked up yet some of the forward-looking opportunities around rulemaking in legislation. So, I think it's a very important story. And the last thing Allen, you might speak to is, the expected impact on rates.
Allen Nye : You good Jeff. So, here's how the rate impact works. Of the $15 billion over 5 years, that we're talking about today, about 2/3 of that, is growth-related. So new customers, more or less, or expansion of customers. Of the increase that we're talking about today, the billion-dollar increase, about 80% of that increase is directly related to growth. And I should mention also 97% of that total amount of $15 billion over 5 is tracker eligible. So, as we make these investments, keep in mind that we are presently the low-cost investor-owned utility in the state we have the lowest rates, of all the investor on utilities.  We believe that because of this substantial growth we're seeing on our system -- even after 15 billion over 5, we will remain the low-cost provider, or at least close to the low-cost provider on the right side of that chart of the rates with all the investor-owned utilities. Generally, I think we're probably thinking rates could increase somewhat similar to inflation. But again, we're the low-cost provider now and we believe will be the low-cost provider at the end of five years in $15 billion. Thanks.
Jeff Martin : Thanks a lot, Allen.
Durgesh Chopra : Thank you both. Appreciate you breaking that down that down for us. Thank you.
Jeff Martin : Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd : Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my questions. I wanted to talk about federal legislation and in particular, green hydrogen, though there are other elements here that could benefit Sempra. You all have been innovators in a number of areas that could get support at the federal level. And I was just curious at a high level, I know the exact composition of the bill could change and obviously we are not even sure it's going to pass at all, but to the extent that we did see the framework that's been laid out, what are the areas that you're most excited about in terms of what that support might mean in terms of accelerating your plans or changing your plans?
Jeff Martin : I appreciate having the opportunity to answer that question. I think back in 2018, you may remember Stephen that, there was a lot of discussion around being in regulated businesses -- unregulated businesses. And I think, we took the opportunity to redefine an investment-class. That said, at the end of the day, these are all energy infrastructure investments. And how you make money may be different in the regulated framework versus outside of the regulated framework.  And we really went to ground this idea of being ahead of others in define in the markets where energy infrastructure would grow the most. I think in my opening remarks today, I tried to really emphasize the point that energy infrastructure's quite hot in Europe and Asia, and the U.S. I think there is really well-positioned and the infrastructure bill that you're referring to, is certainly strong confirmation bias of the importance of this to U.S. And there's really a tailwind for Sempra around this clean energy transition. So, 4 topics I think come out today's Bill, could pass as early as today out of the house. One of which is we're tracking the private activity bonds. These are ones that allow you to finance carbon sequestration and carp carbon storage devices.  We think that's important for the sector. The IEA says there will not be a net-zero 2050 without carbon sequestration. And that's one of the reason that Justin 's business is focusing on this opportunity. Second to your very point, green hydrogen is a big part of our country's future. We've made a decision to participate in all the appropriate trade associations. We've got something like 10 to 12 different R&D Projects in hydrogen today.  But specifically, in the legislation, the bill contemplates 4 regional hydrogen hubs in the country -- we think this will be important -- as you think about distribution centers. And one thing that people sometimes missed even as the number one manufacturing facility in the U.S., by a wide margin, is the LA Basin. And the number 1 industrial segment for the U.S. is the Gulf region between Texas and Louisiana.  So, both of these are areas that geographically we have a vested interest in, I think we've got a leadership interest in. So, I think hydrogen in both of those markets will be important. Two other quick points from today's Bill: 1. is the focus on wildfire management, we talk about this Stephen, a lot in California. It's obviously a western region issue, It's an issue today in Europe and Australia and Ukraine and in different parts of the world.  But the build does contemplate support for vegetation management and improving resiliency, which is a very important topic here in California. 2. there's a lot of focus in the bill and electric vehicles. Trevor and I participated in the strategy session with Allen's board last week in Texas, the electric vehicle market in Texas is enormous.  Today, there's about 30 thousand vehicles on Oncor system In comparison, we're 120th the size of Oncor System here at SDG&E and they've got 70,000 vehicles on our system. So, I think electric vehicles will be very, very important and the bill is very specific, about funding opportunities all across the country to promote electric vehicles. So, those are the 4, we're probably following most closely. But we do share your optimism around green hydrogen.
Stephen Byrd : Well, that's a really comprehensive answer. Thank you very much. Helpful to understand the areas you're focused on. Shifting gears just back to LNG, you raised a lot of good points earlier, about the strength of this market. The excitement around this market, and you guys are well-positioned, does that sort of level of excitement globally provide additional opportunities to either monetize some of your assets or to find just very low-cost ways -- low cost of capital ways to pursue additional growth like the additional opportunity Mexico you mentioned. In other words, could this be both the way to monetize as well use other people's money to help achieve better growth and better returns overall?
Jeff Martin : Yeah. One of the things I would start with saying is the priority of our capital program is our U.S. utilities. And what we want to do is be able to grow our utilities at a rate faster than our peers and do that without coming back to the capital markets to issue separate equity. And that's one of the reasons that the KKR transaction was so important. It gave us a chance to crystallize and highlight value in that business and recycle capital back into reducing parent debt and meeting to the capital needs like Allen described today but I would tell you, I don't think we're finished, right?  That business now has been valued at roughly an enterprise value of $25 billion, so, we think about going forward. We think there will be strategic opportunities to bring that business to the market, but those are conversations we would obviously have with KKR and to your point, if we have the chance to further diversify the capital structure at higher valuations, that's something you should look for us to do. And we will be looking under Faisel and Justin's leadership at bringing in project equity on some of these projects to reduce the call of capital from Sempra Infrastructure. But right now, they are very, very focused on growth, and there's a lot of enthusiasm, of what they think they can accomplish.
Stephen Byrd : That's great. Thank you very much, that's all I had.
Jeff Martin : Thank you for being on the call.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Jeff Martin : Good morning.
Michael Lapides : Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my -- morning Jeff, thanks for taking my questions. 1 short-term, 1 long-term, 1 -- the short-term 1 is, can you remind us what's in guidance, what's assumed in your 2022 guidance in your growth trajectory for what happens in the California cost of capital dock and the mechanism. That's question A. Question B, longer-term, on the potential new Mexico LNG project, can you talk about what kind of pipeline development is needed to get the gas from the Permian to the site. Thanks, guys.
Jeff Martin : Thank you. I'll pass the pipeline question in a second to Justin. And it's a really positive story there actually. But I would mention obviously, many of you on the call have been following the cost of capital developments, both for SDG&E, PG&E and Edison. I will remind you that, the SoCalGas mechanism did not trigger. We're going to follow this closely. I think the key gating item that, everyone in the state has fallen is the forthcoming scoping memo that, we expect from the commission.  But, in terms of forward guidance, what we've indicated in the past Michael was that, whether we get the automatic triggering mechanism or whether our application's approved, it is contemplated within our guidance for next year. And because of some other steps that, the business has taken to mitigate and become more -- mitigate cost and become more efficient. It's probably in the range of $0.05 to $0.10 either way.  But well, within our guidance range. And we would not expect to update guidance independent of that outcome. And then Justin, I think, a lot of times, particularly in domestic LNG development, there's always issues related to pipeline development. I think it'd be helpful to help our listening audience better understand what's unique about the pipeline system that supports Vista Pacifico?
Justin Bird : Yes. Thank you. Thanks for the question, Michael. Yes. Vista Pacifico would effectively source gas from the Permian from the U.S. basin and deliver it in the form of LNG to Asia. There are two existing pipelines that basically converged very close to the site, so there would be a very small spur type pipeline that we would build that we connect to PacificO2 existing pipelines, both of which are underutilized on a transmission capacity basis. So, I think very little pipeline construction associated with this. This is part of the strategic location of the project is its proximity to pipelines and the fact that 2 of those pipelines are very underutilized.
Michael Lapides : Got it. And just 1 quick follow-up. Are you the only LNG, or potential LNG project competing to utilize those pipes?
Justin Bird : Sorry, Michael, can you repeat that question.
Jeff Martin : He is asking is your project the only one that's competing relative to those pipeline?
Justin Bird : I think there is another existing development project that is north that is trying to get some capacity from one of those pipelines.
Jeff Martin : Which we own.
Justin Bird : Which we own. We own the pipeline, yes.
Michael Lapides : Got it. Thanks, guys.
Jeff Martin : Thanks, Michael.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine : Good morning.
Jeff Martin : Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Levine : Hey, Jeff. Given the political uncertainty related to CFP contracts in Mexico, are there any proactive steps the SIP or broader Sempra organization is considering to mitigate the counterparty risks or other broader opportunities to capitalize on the growth in Mexico? And then related, did Sempra have any differentiated impact relative to its SIP partners in any policy change in Mexico in conjunction with the KKR agreement?
Jeff Martin : I would start with your second question, which is KKR has their own infrastructure presence in Mexico, both on the refined product side of the value chain, as well as with renewables. They are certainly collaborating with us constructively with CSE, so that's been helpful. I can make a couple of comments to Ryan that because of our headquarters be in here in San Diego. You'll recall that we've been investing pretty consistently down in Mexico for close to 25 years. And what excites us back then still excites us today is you've got about a 130 million consumers. It's one of the fastest-growing consumer markets in the Western Hemisphere.  And most importantly, is the largest synergy export partner for the U.S. at about 7 to 8 BCF per day. And I think even though we've got leading scale and expertise at Sempra Infrastructure, we're still very selective about the projects we expect to invest in. And even the Vista Pacifico project that Justin was describing, those capacity releases on some of these pipelines that, would be needed would come from the government. And this is really a government-sponsored project, and one that they've been quite public about supporting from a permit and pipeline capacity standpoint.  But curious you, I think is quite topical that, there are reform being proposed in electricity market. I think you'll expect to see the lower house vote on that, in the fourth quarter. But it would not clear the legislature until probably April of next year, and we handicap that, as a low probability. And what's interesting about this is, those reforms largely target to the point you made Ryan, generation assets that are connected to the CFE system. And today, we have a relatively small footprint in generation across all of Sempra because we're a T&D business.  I think the electric investments in Mexico account for roughly 1% of our consolidated earnings, and more importantly, the vast majority of all those projects, something like 80% are on the border with California are not connected to CFE and dispatch directly into the Cal ISO. But I will leave you with one thought which is probably the most important. We made the decision several years ago that what we really want to do is help President Lopez Abra be successful.  So, the majority of our conversations are focused on ways that we can partner with his cabinet to make Pemex be successful and make CFEB successful. So, when you see us announce projects like Vista Pacifica is because those will be done largely in tandem with the objectives of the government. That's one of the reasons we still feel good about those types of projects in Mexico.
Ryan Levine : Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Jeff Martin : Thank you, Ryan.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Zimbardo with Bank of America.
Jeff Martin : Good morning, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo : Hi, good morning, team. I said a question, if you could discuss at a high level, just how you think some of the latest cost estimates change for the Brownfield and Greenfield development projects? However, you want to frame it, what percentage changes, or just how to think about the latest commodity backdrop.
Jeff Martin : So, I think there's 2 parts of that question. Number 1 is this issue of, how much inflation are we seeing in terms of, how we source our soft and hard costs at any of our projects, including our utilities. And we've got obviously some building mechanisms that help us with that on the utility side. In Justin's business, you recall that, we were very reliant on EPC wrap contracts, so the procurement and exposure to costs, we shift that risk to the construction contractor.  And that's why, it's important that they have strong credit counterparties. But in terms of Brownfield versus Greenfield, I think the way I would answer that, a very general levels to say, Brownfield projects always have a cost advantage, and Greenfield projects can be also quite viable. Typically, they B2B to be done at scale, and Port Arthur would be an example that, but coming back to our projects, think about this.  For us to have the opportunity to turnkey 6% to 7 Bcf -- I mean, 6 to 7 MTPA at Cameron expansion, Our view internally as it could be one of the lowest cost projects for new capacity in the world. So, our likelihood of going forward that we account as being relatively high and that's why we've got a 100% of MOUs in place to get to the next step and move to heads agreement from the SPAs there.  And then this to Vista Pacifica o, this is the type of price very similar to ecoPhase 1. Our expectation is it will be oversubscribed. That is a greenfield project but the geographic location to be able to have direct pipeline access from 2 different pipelines to Waha and to be able to dispatch directly into the Pacific, will be a tremendous and competitive advantage where we market that project.
Paul Zimbardo : Okay, now that's great. And then shifting back to Oncor, thank you for that super detailed breakdown. Given the robust opportunity set should we think about October 2022 board meeting as the next opportunity for refresh, or should we think more of the 2021 pattern where those update sprinkle throughout the year?
Jeff Martin : It's such a great question and I hate to foreshadow that we're going to be sprinkling things throughout the year. But I'll give Allen great credit. It wasn't that they had an ongoing process just to update their plan. They were looking at issues in the market around inflation and how they supply chain issues in advance.  So, the real genesis of Allen updating Capex guidance was he came back to the boards so they can make forward purchases that allow them to keep their 2021 and 2022 capital plans in place. What they were doing is they are reaching forward to source what they needed to execute those capital plan. So, I think you would expect his team to do something very similar. Is there watching the marketplace if there's opportunities to adjust that they will.  And I think he made a great case for We didn't cannibalize that incremental bucket list. That's been replenished as we look going forward, I think that they will continue to look for opportunities to take price risk away from their capital program, and ensure that they can deliver the plan they have on the street today.
Paul Zimbardo : Okay, great to hear. Thank you all.
Jeff Martin : Yes. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Jeff Martin : Hello, Craig.
Craig Shere : Hi, good morning in your time. So, do you see the potential for Topolobampo jumping ahead of Port Arthur, in the new project cue. And did I hear correctly that, the focus will be on securing equity from partners outside of SIP, where needed, If external equity is required for construction of 3 simultaneous accretive LNG product -- projects: ECA Phase 1, Cameron Phase 2, and of course something else.
Jeff Martin : A couple of things here is the Topolobampo project will be very similar in scale to ECA Phase 1, kind of that 3 to 4 million-ton-per-annum size. It definitely can jump ahead of Port Arthur, so that's the answer to your first question. We certainly are quite bullish both on Cameron expansion, which is 6 to 7 MTPA, as well as the Vista Pacific project, which is closer to 4 million tons per annum.  In terms of equity, we're very comfortable with the level we're at today with KKR. Certainly, if we saw opportunities to diversify the capital structure at Sempra Infrastructure at points in the future at higher valuations, we would evaluate that against the opportunity to bring in equity down to project level. But definitely there's an interest to attract equity participation at the project level, given the size and scale of our expectations around LNG.
Craig Shere : That's very helpful, and the last question, maybe Justin, if you want to opine, but we've kind of noticed that equity cargo capacity that can be delivered years in advance of new trained construction appears to be a major selling point for new long - term contracting. On track doing, like the latest Venture Global announcement included some short-term supply off their [Indiscernible] house. How do you see this market dynamic playing out with respect to SIPs portfolio?
Justin Bird : Yes. It's a great point, Craig and I think you even saw Cheniere's deal today, had a lead into the bigger capacity coming at the long term. So, I would say, I wish I had capacity I could sell right now to bridge some of the construction on these other projects. Because I do think it is a competitive advantage. The market is very hot right now, and people are looking for volumes in the next few years. I think for us, it's a question of maintaining our financial discipline, potentially looking for partners where we can provide some bridge volumes into volumes coming from our facilities.  And then looking for potential excess volumes that could be available via the partners out of Cameron or when ECA Phase 1 comes online looking for some additional volumes as production actually starts and we see what production looks like. Yes, I think you raise a great point having volumes to bridge into these long-term contracts, I would say is a competitive advantage and it's something that we're focused on and looking for opportunities to find those types of bridging arrangements.
Craig Shere : Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. that we will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Jeff Martin for any additional or closing remarks.
Jeff Martin : I just want to thank everyone for joining our call this morning. We're certainly pleased to join the EEIC, EEI Conference virtually next week. And we're looking forward to spending time with as many of you as possible. Thank you again for joining us. Feel free to reach out to our IR team per custom with any additional questions. This concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today's conference. We appreciate you participation.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Nelly Molina. Please go ahead.
Nelly Molina: Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our Second Quarter 2021 Earnings call for Sempra. A live webcast of this teleconference and this live presentation is available on our website under the Investors section.  On the line with us today, we have several members of our management team, including Jeff Martin, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer; Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra LNG; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Kevin Sagara, Group President; and Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer.  Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement we make today.  The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the Company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. All of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures.  Please refer to the presentation of slides that accompany this call for a recompilation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to mention that forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today over the 5th 2021, and the Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future.  With that, please, turn to Slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Nelly. I want to start today by thanking those that attended our virtual Investor Day this past June, and also mention that the team and I really enjoyed getting back on the road this past month and seeing many of you in person.  As we discussed at our Investor Day, we've simplified our business model, narrowed our investment strategy to attractive markets, and improved Capital discipline, all with the goal of offering a competitive value proposition, including consistent and attractive returns, strong Earnings visibility and EPS growth, and a sustainable and growing dividend.  Additionally, at the Investor Day, Allen and I highlighted the robust growth that Oncor continues to see all across its service territory. And as a result, Oncor is increasing its capital plan, which Trevor describes in further detail later in today's presentation. Shifting now to the quarter, I'm pleased with our financial results, and I think it's a testament to the affirmative steps we've taken to simplify our business model and focus our capital investments on top-tier infrastructure growth platforms. We're reporting strong earnings and affirming both our increased 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range and our 2022 EPS guidance range.  I'm excited about the progress we've made so far this year, and I'm proud of the broad support we're seeing all across our operating businesses. Now, please turn to the next slide, where I'll turn the call over to Trevor to provide both business and financial updates.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. To begin, we have had several positive developments at our operating companies this past quarter. At SDG&E in July, we received CPUC approval for our 2021 Wildfire Mitigation Plan Update, building on the utility’s long-standing commitment to advance fire hardening and public safety. SoCalGas began flowing renewable natural gas at two additional biomethane projects in support of their goal to provide 20% RNG to core customers by 2030 to help the state reach its de-carbonization goals.  In Texas, Oncor has provided visibility to their 2022 to 2026 projected Capital plan, which has increased to approximately $14 billion over the five-year period. Additionally, Oncor did receive PUCT approval to extend its rate case filing deadline to June 1, 2022.  At Sempra Infrastructure, we completed the exchange offer for IEnova's shares, resulting in a 96.4% ownership interest, and we plan to launch a cash tender offer for the remaining 3.6% interest. We're also advancing the sale of the non-controlling interest in Sempra Infrastructure Partners to KKR.  And while I may have been a bit optimistic at Investor Day, we now expect to close the transaction around the end of the Third Quarter subject to the Mexican Competition Commission completing its economic and market analysis and issuing the regulatory approval.  With that, please turn to the next slide for more details around Oncor's capital plan update. Oncor continues to operate in one of the fastest-growing states with strong macro fundamentals.  As a result, Oncor is announcing its 2022 to 2026 projected capital plan of approximately $14 billion, nearly a $2 billion increase over the 2021 to 2025 capital plan. Furthermore, Oncor is increasing its 2021 to 2022 Capital plan by approximately $425 million, consistent with what Allen outlined at the Investor Day and is largely incorporated in the new $14 billion five-year capital plan.  Oncor's robust Capital plan supports the economic development seen throughout its service territory, increases in generation interconnection requests, strong premise growth, and investments in grid resiliency.  A good example of this robust growth can be seen in new relocations, expansions, and electric service to Oncor system, which are on pace to exceed 2020 values by 70% and to exceed 2019 values by 170%. Please turn to the next slide where I will review the financial results.  Earlier this morning, we reported Second Quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $424 million or $1.37 per share. This compares to Second Quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $2.239 billion or $7.61 per share.  On an adjusted basis, Second Quarter 2021 earnings were $504 million or $1.63 per share. This compares to our Second Quarter of 2020 adjusted earnings of $501 million or $1.71 per share.  On a year-to-date basis, 2021 GAAP earnings were $1.298 billion or $4.24 per share. This compares to year-to-date 2020 GAAP earnings of $2.999 billion or $9.91 per share.  Adjusted year-to-date 2021 Earnings were $1.404 billion or $4.58 per share. This compares to our year-to-date 2020 adjusted Earnings of $1.242 billion or $4.20 per share. Please turn to the next slide.  The variance in the Second Quarter 2021 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year was affected by the following key items: $126 million from a CPUC decision that resulted in the release of a regulatory liability at the California utilities in 2020 related to prior year’s forecasting differences that are not subject to tracking in the income tax expense memorandum account, and $22 million of lower earnings due to the sale of our Peruvian and Chilean businesses in April and June of 2020 respectively.  This was more than offset by $38 million higher equity earnings from the Cameron LNG JV, primarily due to Phase 1 achieving full commercial operations in August of 2020. $35 million of lower losses at Parents and Other, primarily due to lower preferred dividends and lower net interest expense, $34 million of higher income tax benefits from forecasted flow-through items at SDG&E and SoCalGas, and $22 million income tax benefit in 2021 from the re-measurement of certain deferred income taxes at Sempra LNG.  Please turn to the next slide. We are pleased with our strong operational and financial performance this quarter and are focused on continuing to execute throughout the remainder of the year. And with that, this concludes our prepared remarks. Now, I will stop, and we can take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions]. We'll pause for just a moment to allow everyone to signal they have a question. Thank you. We'll now take the first question from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hi, everyone.
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Jeff, could you maybe just talk a little bit about the visibility into '22? I mean, you obviously -- you and Trevor reiterated guidance. There is more Capex coming into Texas, which includes some contemporary instrument recovery. Can you maybe talk about the other moving pieces or changes in assumptions for '22, i.e., maybe cost of Capital, anything else that could move you in the range or actually incremental to the range?
Jeff Martin: Right I would start Shar by indicating that we're very pleased with our first half results. To be able to produce $4.58 of adjusted EPS from the first half, I think is an extraordinary outcome. And that does cause us to be fairly bullish against our increased guidance for 2021, and we certainly think there will be some pull-through of that strength into 2022. And I think it's a function of the growth that we're seeing in front of all three platforms. I think there's a portfolio of opportunities here in California and in Texas in the Sempra Infrastructure, which really highlights why we need to perform and execute well. I could not be more pleased. We obviously did this transaction back in March 2018 with Oncor. We forecasted internally with our Board that there would be increased capital opportunities. We were pleased at the time that they had a $7.4 billion commitment to their regulator, about their capital program. In November 2017, they launched a great CIS program. What we were not prepared for was the quality of that management team. So, Allen Nye is on the call with today Don Clevenger, who is the CFO; Matt Henry, the General Counsel; and Jim Greer, the COO. They are knocking the socks off of it by prioritizing what we think is most important at Sempra, which is strength of operations and safety. More to your point on what we can expect next year, you did raise cost of Capital. We talked a little bit about that at the analyst conference. And in our assumptions for 2022, we indicated that we did not expect in those assumptions to include any type of triggering at SDG&E or SoCalGas, though we did mention, Shar, that there is a trigger to occur which looks more likely now, it would probably be limited only to SDG&E and within the confines of that business, Kevin Sagara and his team thinks that they can limit the impact to that forward guidance to roughly $0.05 to $0.10 cents. So, I would just summarize by saying the first half of this year causes great optimism for our performance even against the increased guidance we provided for this year. I will be disappointed if we're not back in front of our investors taking an increased view of what our performance might be in 2021. We do expect some of that pull-through to continue into 2022.  We're obviously not prepared to revise the guidance for 2022 yet largely because this cost of capital mechanism is still out there. But we think at least at SDG&E, it's well managed to something around $0.05 to $0.10 of impact.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect, I think that message is pretty clear. Thank you for that, Jeff. And then, just on -- I mean, you set a clean path on LNG at the Analyst Day. Since then, some contracts have been moved over from Port Arthur. Do you anticipate Cameron Train 4 is now close to being fully subscribed between existing MOUs and the Polish Oil? And as a follow-up, can you characterize if the economics of Cameron 4 are better than Port Arthur? And is there a way to make Port Arthur more competitive to potentially get the off-take interest back to that site? Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Sure. Let me take a step back and take a little broader view, and I'll come right back to your question. We talked a little bit at Investor Day about our focus right now is on making sure that ECA Phase 1 is delivered on time and on budget. We have that coming into our planning period in the second half of 2024, and that's proceeding quite well. We've been managing the COVID environment down there and the work environment, and we remain optimistic about continuing to meet that deadline. Secondly, I think we have been consistent, really, over the last 18 months about continuing to have a more bullish view on Cameron Expansion. We're working closely with Mitsui, Mitsubishi, and Total. We will be continuing to have those conversations throughout the fall. We do think that project will have superior returns, which is one of the questions you are indicating. And that's largely because at a high level, you can always expect the economics of Brownfield Projects to be generally superior to Greenfield Projects. And the key for Greenfield Projects like Port Arthur is it's much more advantageous to do that project at multiple phases at scale, which makes it increasingly more economic. But right now, bringing online Train 4 at Cameron is a top priority for Justin and Faisel on the team. And being able to do that, Shar, at the same time that you debottleneck trains 1, 2, and 3, really adds to its cost advantage. And you mentioned Port Arthur; that continues to be a remarkably well-situated site. The team is going to ground right now to make it more competitive, and we've outlined some of the steps we're taking to reduce the emissions profile. And I think the recent announcement regarding the Polish Oil & Gas Company, really is a reflection of the strength number one of that customer relationship, and their confidence in our ability to deliver them into a project that meets their long-term needs. So, I think that relationship is in good stead. I certainly think ECA 1 is going well. We continue to be quite bullish on Cameron Expansion, and Port Arthur is probably a longer-term opportunity, but we have more work to be done there.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. That's very clear. Thanks so much, Jeff. Congrats.
Jeff Martin: Thanks. Thanks, Shar.
Operator: We'll now take the next question from Jeremy Tonet of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for having me here. Just want to start off if you might be able to talk a bit about timing considerations that went into the choice to raising Oncor Capex now versus at the Analyst Day or waiting until 3Q? And then could you help us think through what some of the limitations might be to add even more Capital just given all the opportunities down there in Texas?
Jeff Martin: Well, I think there's a series of questions there, and let me try to take them seriatim; and then Allen, I'll pass it to you to provide some more color, but let me just start with a couple of highlight points. Number one, Jeremy, the growth that we're talking about and the adjustments to the capital program are really around, number 1, strong premise growth; number 2, active transmission interconnection requests, primarily focused on renewables and some baseload generation, and new T&D investments. In terms of the timing around revising our plan, we had a Board meeting with Oncor last week. Allen is very good about bringing back to the Board not only the approval of next year's plan for 2022, but taken the opportunity to review longer-term what the opportunity really was to meet some of the growth needs in Texas. We feel quite bullish about that opportunity. I would add one final comment. We've seen some questions earlier this morning, but the raised expectation that Allen's team has put forward -- they've also got a press release out that provides more detail -- does not impact the continued expectation of incremental Capital in the $775 million range to 1.27 billion. We've had the opportunity to reevaluate the needs of that business and the needs of our customers over the next 5 years. We'll go into the fall planning cycle with the view toward updating our Board in October -- in November, but I thought the opportunity here was really one of providing our latest view as transparently as possible to the street. Allen, I know covered a number of these points, but I think if you don't mind, talk a little bit more detail about the growth that you're seeing across your system and maybe your approach to governance with your Board last week.
Allen Nye: Yeah, thanks, Jeff, and thanks, Jeremy. I think Jeff covered it to a large degree, but let me just give you a little bit of color. With regards to why now, it's exactly what Jeff said. You know why? I mentioned at the Investor Day that we had a need to go to our board in July to increase our expectations for 2022 in order to get ahead of the game to make sure we have the resources and the equipment to actually execute next year. And so as Jeff said, we did that, we raised 22 from what we previously said was 2.4 to 2.5, up to 2.8. We also took this opportunity to let you all know that we are seeing some opportunities this year and so we've upped our 2021 from 2.4, which is what we previously had told you all, to 2.5. And then just given the fact that we're going to go ahead, and talking about increasing '21 and '22, we had the opportunity to discuss with our board. Thanks for seeing some of this growth that Jeff is talking about. And so we've been spending a lot of time on Capex here at Oncor because of what we're seeing. And what we're seeing is, to Jeff's point, and Trevor talked about it earlier, premise growth last year, we had the largest organic growth rate ever in our Company 's history. And we're on pace this year through two quarters. Both quarters this year were higher than the corresponding quarters last quarter -- last year. Transmission points of interconnection on both the retail and the generation side are above the levels end-of-year last year and above the similar quarters of last year. Economic development, which I think is in Trevor's earlier remarks -- economic development is another thing we look at. Requests for information which are basically project location-specific discussions we're having with potential builders are up 72% approximately year-over-year. And then always talk about West Texas when we're talking about growth. The West Texas story continues to be really strong. The latest trend is electrification of fields, people considering ESG ramifications, emissions. So we're getting some uptick there, but we have another peak on our Culberson Loop transmission system in July. It hit 760 megawatts versus 678 last year. That's an all-time high. Another peak in the Far West Texas weather zone in June. So we're seeing growth all over our system, really strong, which leads to these Capex discussions we're having. And since I told you all at the Investor Call, our investor meeting, that we're going to address '22 with our board in July. And since we've adjusted '21 up, we thought now is a good opportunity to just provide you all with our expectations of the management team of what we're seeing with regards to those outer years. And those outer years, as you can see in our documents are, we're looking at 2.7 to 3.0 for the 4 years of the -- outer years of the plan. And that's our expectation right now. But as Jeff said, we're going to go into October like we always do, and have our meeting on our 5-year plan with our shareholders, with our independent directors, and with our board. And we're going to review the information available to us at that time, and we'll have a number then. It may be 14, it may be something else, so we feel very good about 14 right now. And we'll see where we are when we get to October, and we'll have something to announce after that. To Jeff's point as well, we added about 1.8 billion to our 5-year expectation right now. The incremental capital that we have talked about in previous meetings and investor calls in the range of 775 to 1,275, which I think is on page 45 of the Investor Day the last time we talked. That remains available. We have -- sometimes, new projects from that incremental bucket into our Capex plans. Sometimes, we have Capex that comes from outside that incremental bucket, and it goes into our plan. But notwithstanding the fact that we've raised to, right now, our expectation to around 14 billion over 5. They are significant, they remain significant opportunities to invest on our system. And those additional opportunities are in part reflected in that incremental Capex bucket that we've discussed before. I'd be glad to answer any questions, but thanks a lot.
Jeff Martin: I would just mention that I appreciate that color, Allen. And for your benefit, Jeremy, remember we as a management team and our Board of Directors underwrote a transaction in the fall of 2017 and we closed it March of 2018, based on the belief that they had made a regulatory commitment to spend roughly $7.4 billion over five years, or roughly $1.48 billion a year on average. And now we're outlining something that looks like on the back end of the plan, that could be looking more like $3 billion a year. That's an almost doubling of the average output in terms of Capex at that Company, so we're very pleased with the growth in the state. And I think Allen and his team have a great plan to meet that growth in a way which is the most cost-effective for ratepayers.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That was very helpful. Thank you for the thorough answer there. Maybe if I could just pivot to RNG here, if that's okay. Just want to see if you could provide some color on how California customer demand for RNG has been trending over time. And do you see any kind of policy or regulatory items that you're watching that could support the 20% goal for 2030? And then maybe, even though RNG has negative carbon attributes, how do you see competing for customers versus the electrification? Do you see customers choosing one path or the other?
Jeff Martin: Look, I think if we're going to meet our long-term climate goals as a nation, we need on all the above strategy. Electrification is going to be a long-term secular trend. We certainly have the opportunity to play that in a big way, just as Allen described. In Texas, we expect to be a leader in that market in connecting renewable grid solutions to our -- to load centers. Here in California, we did something that no one else has done across this country. We made a commitment that we would deliver roughly 20% of all of the natural gas delivered on the SoCalGas system, not 2030 using renewable natural gas. You may have seen the press release in the last week or so. We just connected 2 new biomethane plants to our systems. So whether it's a transportation opportunity, whether it's a maritime opportunity, or an opportunity to basically deliver renewable natural gas across our network; it's a priority. We have set a goal of being at the 5% level next year. We remain on track to hit that goal. Scott Drew and his team are doing a hell of a job at SoCalGas to transform that business. And by doing so, as you know, exogenous methane in environment has an 80 times higher detriment than gas which is combusted in the ordinary course. And there has been some exciting developments in terms of how the Commission and the other stakeholders in the state view RNG. I thought maybe Kevin Sagara as our Group President for California could talk about the recent report that came out of the PUC regarding this.
Kevin Sagara: Yeah, I think -- Thank you, Jeremy, for that question. And yeah, as you might expect, we've had a great run so far with the low carbon fuel standard in this state creating a good amount of demand for RNG buttering through to go to the next level and help meet the state's very ambitious climate goals. We saw that the legislature passed SB-1440. And then recently the PUC staff -- this PUC energy division issued a staff report recommending, essentially an RPS for RNG for the California Utilities. And really, the levels are based on the California statutory obligation to divert organic waste from landfills. So when you look out to 2025, they're supposed to procure the utilities -- are supposed to procure biomethane from organic at least equal to about 75% of the state's obligation to divert this wastes from landfills, which is about 5.5% of core load. To my 2030, that goes up to about 12.3% of core load. You asked about creating more demand, that would be a good opportunity. That stack of work hasn't yet been active on, but we are hopeful it does shortly.
Jeff Martin: That's why I think we are glad you asked the question because it really is a priority to our Company. And I think that Scott Drew and the team continue to innovate at SoCalGas. We have opportunity to be a leader in RNG. We've also made some commitments, as you've seen Jeremy, to be a leader in hydrogen.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Super helpful. If I could slip in one last quick one here, just given some of the resource adequacy concerns that have come up this summer in California, what's your latest thinking on some of the Capital opportunities that might present themselves here?
Jeff Martin: Yes. This is a great opportunity to go back and talk about our base business model. We're a T&D Company. So one of the things that has privileged our commitment to California and our commitment to Texas is we've moved away from being an owner and operator of electric generation, either fossil or renewable, with exception of Mexico. And likewise, we don't have a lot of exposure because we're decoupled on whether consumers consume more or less, so we very much like that sweet spot of building that long-term growing bond Portfolio and not being exposed to those issues. In terms of Capital opportunities, there has been a new announcement in the state where they're looking for 11.5 gigawatts of new capacity additions in terms of generation, energy efficiency, and long-duration storage. And we certainly think long-duration storage in particular is a unique opportunity where we've developed a capability there at San Diego Gas Electric, and that will be a continued opportunity. But in the near term, the state is really being aggressive about making sure we find more needs -- more ways of supporting our resource adequacy. And I think one of the great challenges, Jeremy, is traditionally during some of the highest demand times of the year, we're importing about 25% of the state's power needs from outside of California and it always makes us subject to what's taken place in those other jurisdictions and what their demand needs are. Over a long period of time, California's got to take steps, and it could take 5 to 7 years to get ahead of these demand needs through new capacity additions.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Makes sense. I'll leave it there. Thank you very much.
Jeff Martin: Appreciate you joining the call.
Operator: We'll now take the next question from Durgesh Chopra at Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Jeff Martin: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, Jeff. Thank you for taking my question. I have a --
Jeff Martin: No worries.
Durgesh Chopra: I have a clarification and then a follow-up question. Just -- I know you've talked about Oncor at gun, but just -- so the '21 to '25 Capex as it sits now, is it closer to 12.6 billion, 12.7 billion with the 400 million incremental. Is that the right way to think about it or is it still at 12.2?
Jeff Martin: That's the right way to think about it.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. Perfect. And then just on SIP getting to the close here. Is -- you have a cash tender offer for the balance of like 4% that you currently don't own for Mexico. Do you have to get to a 100% to close SIP? I'm just thinking about what the -- is it more so a procedural delay in the SIP or does the Mexico -- like owning a 100% of the Mexico needs to get you to take that box before completing that transaction with KKR?
Jeff Martin: Yeah, I would think about it as two different disjunctive ideas here. Number 1, our long-term goal is to take the IEnova business platform private. As you've indicated, we -- there is still about 3.6%, which is floated to public investors. And the process that we're following is to set up a cash tender process, which will happen over the next week or two with a view toward taking out that additional pri -- public float and delisting that business. If there's any remaining shares, we'll look to clean that up by a separate mechanism. In terms of closing, that's not really the pacing item for closing. The pacing item for closing is there's a small number of CPs related to regulatory approvals, and right now we think the pacing item is the Competition Commission in Mexico. And once they finished their analysis, we think we will be in a position to close the transaction, which we're forecasting is around the end of Q3.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. That's super helpful. Thank you, guys.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot for joining us.
Operator: We'll now take the next question from Michael Lapides at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Just curious.
Jeff Martin: Hi, Mike.
Michael Lapides: Hi, Jeff. Commodity inputs are up a ton. How are you thinking about what this means for the construction cost per ton of any new LNG trains, whether it's Cameron 4 or somewhere else, that haven't already gone FID and don't have the lump-sum contracts? And therefore, what that means really for the economics of North American LNG versus LNG coming from other sources around the world?
Jeff Martin: Right. So, look, I think you're asking a great question. I think input cost to all infrastructure businesses are being impacted. You're also seeing it in other commodity costs as well. We probably have a multi-pronged strategy here. I would tell you at ECA Phase 1 obviously we've got an EPC wrapped contract. We feel good about the contract at ECA, but that would be a near-term focus for us. In terms of input costs for future projects, that goes through our whole feed and pre-feed process to make sure we get to the right number. But I think it does go back to this issue, Michael, that Greenfield Projects which tend to have a little bit of a higher per-unit costs in Brownfield Projects. This will continue to put pressure on that dichotomy. But keep in mind that all the other projects in the world are subject to those same cost pressures. At the same time that you're seeing cost pressures around construction, you're still seeing a lot higher LNG stock prices around the world. And most people who are observing this industry think it will be the most dominant fuel used in the world by the early part of next decade. And the only way that's going to occur is, is you are going to see a massive build-out of continued LNG development, and U.S. should expect to take its fair share.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Jeff. Much appreciated. Hey, one for Allen. Just curious. What's the latest on being able to push out the rate case? And I guess a follow-on with the higher Capex budget, how do you think about what that means for regulatory lag?
Allen Nye: Yeah, you bet Michael. The answer is yes. We received approval on July 29 by the Public Utility Commission to move our rate case filing deadline to 06/01/2022 of next year. So we're off the calendar for this year, and we're on the clock for 06/01/2022. Second question with regard to lag, and was lag associated with this additional investment; is that right?
Michael Lapides: Yeah, just -- if you raise Capex, do you -- does that also -- I know the trackers for distribution and transmission could capture much of that. But just curious about the forward versus historical-looking nature of those trackers, as well as what happens to other parts of the income statement that could drive regulatory lag?
Allen Nye: Let me answer this way. 97 -- approximately 97% of everything in this plan that we have now, the 5-year plan, is tracker eligible. And those trackers -- as we talked about for the trackers decreased the lag on the transmission side, the interim key cost tracker decreases lag to about 5 months, approximately. While the distribution cost tracker, while it's good, is not quite as efficient and the lag on the distribution side is about 15 months. So about 97% of everything we've talked about this morning, that's a net 14 billion over five, the lag associated with that investment was generally consistent with these two periods of time that I've just described.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Allen. Much appreciated.
Allen Nye: Yes, sir. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: And I would just mention the following for the audiences that volume growth, which they are experiencing in Texas can also offset some of that lag in the regulatory model.
Operator: We'll now take the next question from Sophie Karp at KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sangeeta: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. It's actually Sangeeta for Sophie.
Jeff Martin: What's the question?
Trevor Mihalik: She's [Indiscernible] for Sophie.
Sangeeta: Just a couple follow-ups on the Texas Capex. Should we think of inflation as being any factor in the increase in the front-end of the Capex? And then, as a follow-up, my question is, does the recent Texas legislation build into your Capex at any point or do you see upside from that?
Jeff Martin: So what I would try to do is I'll answer the first part of the question and pass it onto you, Allen, for the legislative question. But the way to think about it Sophie is that, Allen and his team, particularly Jim Greer, deserve a lot of credit because as they've been looking at meeting the needs for 2021 and planning to meet both the hard costs and soft costs needs for 2022. This is one of the reasons that the timing of these conversations with the board was moved forward. In other words, there are some inflationary and competitive pressures to access the equipment and materials they need to meet their growth needs in the state. And they deserve a lot of credit for being proactive to go ahead and secure and lap those resources well in advance.  But I don't think beyond that it's had any influence in terms of how we're thinking about the recast over 5 years. But Allen, maybe you could talk about the various builds are continuing to -- our pending in the legislature and how you might think about forward Capex related to those bills.
Allen Nye: Yes, thanks, Jeff. I agree with that, the answer on the inflation. And with regards to legislation, there's 2 things to think about here. There's what was passed and has been signed by the Governor in the regular session, which has now to large degree, been shifted over to the PUC and to ERCOT. There's over 30 Rulemakings presently going on at the Public Utility Commission that's basically going to set out how this legislation is going to be implemented. And then there are a number of bills that have been filed right now in special session. So I'll address it this way. Special session, the governor did not include electric issues in the charge and -- in the call rather and the call is what limits the topics that can be addressed by the legislature. So we're monitoring what's going on with the legislature with these bills that relate to the electric industry, but we don't believe they're going anywhere without the charge or the call being changed, which we don't anticipate happening. Our focus really is more on the activities of the PUC where the rulemakings are going on. I talked about this, I think during the Investor call, there are quite a few bills, a bunch of rulemakings, a lot of them have to do with PUC ERCOT issues, there is some coordination between agencies and industry participants, and then there's some general costs for weatherization and things like that. We'll have to see, it's too early to predict, what's going to come out of those rulemakings. They are just at the beginning. But to the extent anything comes out of that, that would be incremental to what we have in our Capex plan right now. The other thing that I mentioned in the investor call, there was another bill that was not related to winter storm Uri, but it added an economics benefit test to the transmission approval process at ERCOT. And we think that has the potential to potentially allow us to get more projects, economic projects through ERCOT, but again, we'll have to wait and see how that all shakes out before we'll know for sure. That's my answer. Thanks.
Jeff Martin: And Sangeeta, I just want to make sure we answered both of your questions. Did that answer for you?
Sangeeta: Yes. Yes, if I can just add a follow-up, I share a different question. Now that we know that the Texas GRC is pushed to 2022 and otherwise their regulatory calendar kind of looks light through the end of the year, how would you characterize the Puts and Takes that could lead you to the high end of your 2021 guidance versus the low-end?
Jeff Martin: Well, I would just make a couple of comments. One was the movement of the Texas rate case was assumed in our planning numbers that we provided at the Investor Day. I made some comments earlier on this call that I could not be more pleased with the strength of our financial performance in the first 6 months to be able to post $4.58 of Adjusted EPS. I think that really bodes well for the second half of this year. And I do expect, Sangeeta, some pull-through into 2022. And I mentioned one of the offsetting considerations was the cost of capital we talked about earlier.
Sangeeta: Right. Okay. That answers my questions. Thanks so much.
Jeff Martin: Wonderful. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: We'll now take the next question from James Thalacker at BMO Capital Markets. Please, go ahead.
Jeff Martin: Good morning. James, you may be on mute.
James Thalacker: Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking the call.
Jeff Martin: Good morning.
James Thalacker: This might be a question for Allen. And I'm not putting the cart before the horse, but traditionally, T&D companies in Texas, have been viewed as a smaller risk, and the capital structures have reflected this. Over the last couple of years, we've obviously seen with the impact of the area and increased hurricane risk, and now we've got a new PUCT coming in. Has there been any discussion potentially about thinking the equity layer as the one way to beef up the credit in anticipation of maybe more widespread system hardening?
Jeff Martin: And Allen, I'll make a quick comment and turn it over to you, and I appreciate that question. I would just make one comment, which is, we as a management team have spent a lot of time in the last 3 years really trying to distinguish what we think is a unique benefit of T&D investments relative to other businesses that are either weather-exposed or consumer volume exposed or exposed to stranded cost risk with generation. So as you think about in California, the blackouts that happened last summer, you think about how we operated through the pandemic here in California and in Texas, and you think about Storm Uri, which you referenced. All we've really done is raise our guidance and exceed our guidance. This is the strength of having a T&D model that we think gives us unique visibility to consistent financial performance. So I just want to make that point because we talk very consistently about the value of the model that we're pursuing and why we think it deserves a higher valuation, and I think it really is very much true with the T&D business in Texas. Allen, feel free to go ahead and add some additional color around how you think about your equity layer.
Allen Nye: Yes, sure. Thanks, Jeff. I agree. Look, I think our equity layer is lower than, maybe the national average. Things that are going on in other parts of the country. It's something we always look at when we're putting together a rate case. We're probably about, even with CenterPoint API right now. But now, we've got a little time going into June of next year. Some will spend a lot of time on, figure out what we can accomplish. We have a long, long history, as I've said many times on these calls, of working with the -- all the constituents in our cases. And that was demonstrated again by the support we got for looking this rate case off. And we'll see what we can accomplish, yeah. Uri, things like that, certainly impact our thoughts and our analysis, and -- but yeah, maybe cart -pull the horse a little bit right now, seeing as we won't go until June of next year. Thanks.
James Thalacker: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate the thoughts.
Jeff Martin: Thanks, James.
Operator: [Operator instruction] We'll now take the next question from Paul Zimbardo with Bank of America. Please, go ahead.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the time.
Jeff Martin: Good morning.
Paul Zimbardo: I want to follow up after the significant Oncor Capex increase that you've talked all about. How should we think about the potential for share repurchases and just overall thoughts on the balance sheet targets that you've previously articulated?
Jeff Martin: I'll start with share repurchases. If you recall, Paul, that last summer we did an accelerated share repurchase program where we put to work about $500 million. I think the weighted average cost of that program was right around a $123 plus or minus. The Board also supported a new authorization of $2 billion. And the way we've long time thought about this is, we're really stewards of capital for you, our owners. And whatever creates the best pass for owners, that's what we're going to do. So we have a current outstanding authorization, as I mentioned. We actively review this as an opportunity from time-to-time, and we expect to be opportunistic in our approach. It's something that we continue to evaluate and it's something that we will use as we have in the past, opportunistically. In terms of the balance sheet, Trevor, you made some comments in terms of how you think about we ended last year in terms of FFO to debt and how you've grown the equity layer.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, sure. Thanks, Jeff. Paul, as you know, last year we ended right around 70% on the FFO to debt, and we're still tracking around that plus or minus 1% and feel good about where we are on the metrics. We also talked about our debt to equity layer, and we're also at the end of the Second Quarter at sub 50% right now. And again, we have the proceeds that will be coming in from the Sempra Infrastructure Partners transaction that we will be really utilizing to continue to shore up the balance sheet, and as Jeff says, looking at opportunities to deploy that in the most effective way for our shareholders. And we couldn't be more pleased about the opportunities around organic growth, share repurchases, or other opportunities to create shareholder value.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay, great. And thinking -- and just to follow up on Jeremy 's question about some of the resource adequacy concerns we've seen in the West. Are you seeing any opportunities potentially increase or accelerate within the plant? Some of those I believe was 2 billion of clean power investments you detailed at the Analyst Day.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. We talked about a couple of things. On Jeremy 's question, I was speaking more to what the investor on utility opportunity was. Obviously there are opportunities there around energy efficiency, primarily at SDG&E, the big focus on long-duration battery storage, which is desperately needed in the state. And the state has circled at about an 11.5 gigawatt opportunity for new resources. What you're referring to is on the unregulated cyber business in Sempra Infrastructure. You'll recall that Justin Bird is leading three separate P&L 's with Tonya and the team, one of which is clean power. So we do have about three gigawatts of development opportunities on the border. And we did preview a very interesting project, by the way, at the Investor Day, which is our battery storage projects. You may recall we have a combined cycle plant on the border. We've got 2 underutilized transmission systems that dispatch directly into the California Independent System Operator. And that thermal plant also has a second plant that was targeted 15 years ago for construction.  We've got all the transmission in place and that's been redesignated as a 500 megawatt opportunity for battery storage. So our goal is to be able to dispatch out of Northern Mexico with both wind and solar resources backed up and supported with its own resource adequacy from its battery production. You are making a great point. That is an opportunity we're going to be active to pursue it.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Thank you again for the time.
Jeff Martin: Thank you very much.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Jeff Martin, I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or question remarks.
Jeff Martin: Just a quick couple of comments here. As I know, it's a busy time of the year as people head into the summer vacation period, particularly on Wall Street but we look forward to seeing some of you in person at the Wolfe Conference in September. Steve always runs a great conference and we're looking forward to being back on the road. Additionally, I would mention that we're going to do some virtual conferences with Goldman and Citi, as well as some NDRs this summer in Asia. I hope everyone has a great rest of your summer and thank you again for joining us and feel free per custom to reach out to our IR team with additional questions. This concludes today's call.
Operator: That's it for today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-05 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded.  At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nelly Molina. Please go ahead.
Nelly Molina: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2021 earnings call for Sempra Energy. A live webcast of this teleconference and a slide presentation is available on our Web site under the Investors section. On the line with us today, we have several members of our management team, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra LNG; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Kevin Sagara, Group President; Lisa Larroque Alexander, Senior Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer; and Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. All of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, May 5, 2021, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. Lastly, because the offer period for our IEnova exchange offer is open, we're limited in what we can say about the exchange offer, and we will be unable to respond to questions about this transaction. With that, please turn to Slide 4 and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Nelly. I'm pleased with our first quarter results and I think it sets us up well for the balance of 2021. You'll recall we shifted our market focus back to North America several years ago and have been consistently investing new capital in our utility platforms in California and Texas. This strategic focus, together with strong operational execution, are continuing to drive improvements in our financial performance. A second part of our strategy is focused on consolidating our unregulated investments under Sempra Infrastructure and we're making great progress there as well. Just last month, we announced our agreement to sell 20% equity interest in that business to KKR, and it's an important step for two reasons: First, bringing in a new strategic partner allows Sempra Infrastructure to strengthen its own balance sheet while also positioning the business to self fund its future growth; and second, this transaction sends a clear market signal about the value and expected growth of our Infrastructure platform. Turning now to the company's financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter 2021 adjusted earnings per share of $2.95. We're also affirming our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range. Now please turn to the next slide, where I'll turn the call over to Trevor to provide both business and financial updates.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. We've had several positive developments at our operating companies this past quarter. At our California Utilities, we received a proposed decision for 2022 and 2023 attrition rates, which if approved, will provide greater support for safety and reliability initiatives as well as improved visibility into future earnings. Moving to Texas. In 2020, Oncor experienced its highest organic premise growth ever and we're excited to see the growth continue this year. In the first quarter alone, Oncor connected approximately 19,000 new premises, greater than the connections in the first quarter of 2020. Again, validating the underlying strength of economic and demographic growth in the region. Now shifting to our Infrastructure business. At Sempra LNG, we have begun engineering construction of ECA Phase 1 and continue to progress our LNG development projects. At Cameron Phase 2, we continue to work with our Cameron partners on the technical design of the project and to advance commercial discussions. At Port Arthur LNG, we continue to work with partners and customers to focus on options to reduce the project's greenhouse gas profile and continue improving its competitive position in the global energy transition. At this time, given this work and the continued impacts of the pandemic on the global energy markets, it is more likely that final investment decision at Port Arthur will move to next year. We will keep you updated as things progress. Moving to our Mexican business. We continue to advance our pipeline of development projects, focused on diversifying its energy supplies and improving the country's energy security. In March, we expanded the renewable energy platform by finalizing the acquisition of the remaining 50% equity interest in ESJ and placing the Border Solar project into operation. Also, as Jeff mentioned earlier, we're making great progress on Sempra Infrastructure and the associated series of transactions. Just last week, we received the necessary regulatory approvals to launch the IEnova exchange offer. As that process moves forward, it's important to note that it does not have a minimum requirement to close. With that, please turn to the next slide for a short update on additional details of the pending sale announcement in Sempra Infrastructure. With the announced sale of 20% equity interest in Sempra Infrastructure to KKR, we've gained a strategic partner to help fund future growth. The $3.37 billion in proceeds is expected to be used to fund growth at our US utilities and to strengthen our balance sheet, and also establishes an implied enterprise value of approximately $25.2 billion. Equally important, we're pleased to be partnering with an investment firm that has a shared vision for growth in North America. Lastly, we expect to close the transaction in the middle of this year, subject to customary closing conditions and certain approvals from third parties and regulatory agencies. Please turn to the next slide where I will review the financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $874 million or $2.87 per share. This compares to first quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $760 million or $2.53 per share. On an adjusted basis, first quarter 2021 earnings were $900 million or $2.95 per share. This compares to our first quarter 2020 adjusted earnings of $741 million or $2.47 per share. Please turn to the next slide. The variance in the first quarter 2021 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year was affected by the following key items: $73 million of lower losses at parent and other, primarily due to net investment gains, lower net interest expense, lower retained operating costs and lower preferred dividends; $62 million of higher equity earnings from Cameron LNG JV, primarily due to Phase 1 commencing full commercial operations in August of 2020; $35 million of higher CPUC base operating margin at SoCalGas, net of operating expenses; and $30 million of higher equity earnings at Sempra Texas Utilities, primarily due to increased revenues from rate updates to reflect invested capital and customer growth and higher consumption due to weather. This was partially offset by $56 million of lower earnings due to the sales of our Peruvian and Chilean businesses in April and June of 2020, respectively. Please turn to the next slide. We're pleased to report a successful quarter, both operationally and financially, and we are affirming our full year 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range. And with that, this concludes our prepared remarks. However, before moving to the Q&A, I'd like to remind you that we will not be discussing the exchange offer. We'll stop now and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Just a couple of quick ones here. Jeff, now that the SIP is fully announced the transaction, can you maybe talk a little bit about proceed, expectations? The $3.4 billion is a big number. So curious to maybe get a sense for the regions and the businesses for reinvestment. I mean, obviously, Texas is a logical option with the economic growth. Do you have a plan for regulated versus LNG? Is it delevering, buybacks? So I'm curious there.
Jeff Martin: This is a conversation that we've had a lot over the last 90-plus days. And I will tell you that I think as you think back over the last two or three years, you've seen us really focus on funding our utilities, right? So we've got a $32 billion five year capital program. It's a very large capital project. Close to $29 billion of that is dedicated to our utilities. So as we think about how we would use those proceeds, certainly, we want to make sure that we're funding growth in our utilities. And there will be opportunities for us to look at paying down parent debt and continue to strengthen our balance sheet. We've made great progress also over the last three years of improving our equity layer. So what I would say is when we get to our analyst conference, so right now, we're targeting June 29, we'll look forward to reviewing our 2021 guidance by that time to see if there's any adjustments that are needed. We will also, for the first time, Shar, issue our 2022 guidance. And in terms of our use of proceeds and expected average accretion over three or four years, we'll announce that related to Sempra Infrastructure, and that number will be included in the guidance that we provide at that time.
Shar Pourreza: You actually just answered two of my questions in one, so that was pretty good, Jeff. And then let me just ask one last one. Just on the stake of Oncor, the 20% or roughly the minority position you guys don't own with TTI. Any sense if acquiring that remaining stake will kind of ever be a near term driver? Are there any discussions happening at all there? Just how to think about that.
Jeff Martin: We do a very periodic strategic review with our Board. And I think you've heard us talk a lot about this long term secular trend toward electrification and how we've continued to reorient our portfolio toward transmission and distribution. So as you think about the outages in California last summer and some of the things that Texas has gone through, we really think the best risk adjusted returns near term and long term for our investors is to continue to take a leadership position in owning more energy grids. So as you think about renewables over the next 20 or 30 years potentially doubling across the country, we really think this grid position is going to be very important. So you're right in your assessment. We find Oncor to be a very attractive investment. It has a wonderful management team. We think it has a really important leadership position in the Texas market. We have good relationships with GIC and TTI. As you know, as a matter of convention, we tend not to talk about M&A type of opportunities, but I do feel comfortable confirming that I think our T&D thesis has been validated several times over the last couple of years, and that will be a continuing priority for our management team.
Shar Pourreza: And then maybe just a follow-up. Just there could be opportunities in Texas to look at other systems that may be coming about as a result of other utilities looking to delever or simplify their story or whatever. If you were to look at inorganic opportunities, do you need a closure of Oncor to grow inorganically in Texas, or should we assume these are mutually exclusive events if an opportunity does come about?
Jeff Martin: Yes, I would go back and say that one of the things that Trevor and I talk about a lot, Shar, is really the importance of really thoughtful execution around our current capital program. And I think over long periods of time, we were reviewing our total shareholder return over the last two decades, so just over 1,000%. It all goes back to being a really prudent, thoughtful allocator of capital. So we're very much focused on the sheer volume of opportunities we're seeing organically. We do always look at a lot of range of things from an acquisition standpoint, particularly projects more so than large companies, so we don't rule those type of things out. But our focus is on delivering a very, very big program that's right in front of us.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: So just maybe first on Texas and maybe this question is for Allen. Just curious thoughts on just now that we're a few months further from the Uri event, what did that all mean for your business in terms of future changes or investment opportunities that might come up? And anything that we should be watching from the legislative session that could impact your wires business?
Jeff Martin: Just for the benefit of the larger audience, Allen Nye, the CEO of Oncor, is on the phone with us. And I'll just make a quick contextual comment, Steve, before passing to Allen, which is really proud of how our team responded during the crisis in February. I mentioned this in the comment to Shar, but I think the importance of T&D in Texas, as the state thinks about adding new generation, as it thinks about meeting its growth prospects, I think, will become increasingly important. One observation I'll note before I hand it off is, there's a lot of conversations around PUC reform or market reform, or increased capital spending around weatherization. I think one of the takeaways, Steve, is this was a really remarkable weather event, really, really highly uncommon. And it's very much focused on the supply side and making sure that weatherization is a real priority from the generation assets, Steve, all the way up the value chain going toward the wellhead. So I think this is probably, in the long run, going to be more about how we prepare the supply side, including the fuel side more so than expected market reforms. But I think we've talked with Allen and we think we're probably not going to try to front run the state in terms of what the expected outcomes are, but we have a lot of confidence we'll get to a good outcome from the legislature. But Allen, perhaps you could comment more on the different buckets that you expect conversations to occur in the legislature and at the PUC, if you could.
Allen Nye: Obviously, we had a very traumatic event here in the state. And I think it's getting an appropriate and a corresponding response from both the legislature and the regulators. We're obviously in the middle of session, getting towards the end. But as of now, we have over 180 bills dealing with issues associated with the winter event. To Jeff's point, we're not seeing things that are likely to have significant market redesign type implementation. But generally, we see the current legislative session kind of falling into six categories: market governance and oversight; winterization; communications, both within the market and the customers; obviously, gas and electric coordination; customer and market protection; and securitization. And while we don't see overall market redesign occurring, we think there's significant momentum behind any number of those issues, and we're likely could see legislation path addressing each of those concerns or issues, rather. But frankly, it's too early to tell. We've got session going through May 31 and the possibility of additional special sessions. Similarly, the PUC has addressed eight areas of inquiry. They basically overlap many of the categories coming out of the legislature. Those areas of inquiry could obviously change as we get new commissioners appointed to the commission. So overall, probably not wholesale market change, likely action on each of those topics that I addressed. Many of them, some of them could impact us. Some of them could require additional investment on our system. As I said when I testified before the legislature, I believe and I think the evidence shows that our system performed very well and we did what we had to do. But obviously, there are things we can improve on and the things that we intend to improve on. And depending on what comes out of the legislative session, we'll make the necessary investment to achieve those ends.
Steve Fleishman: And I guess, one follow-up on that is just the renewables build out in the state. Are you seeing any either delay or acceleration in renewables and batteries coming out of this event?
Jeff Martin: On the generation side, we've seen an uptick in requests in Q1 over Q1 of last year. Last year, we were -- end of the year, we were around 180 overall generation interconnection requests. As of Q1 2021, we're at 194. So we've seen that uptick. I can't tell you what it's related to or what it's not. I know there's a lot of legislative action, [SB3], in particular, that can have potential implications to renewables. But so far, those are the numbers that we have on generation for first quarter of this year. And obviously, much as you would expect when you look at the Q, much of those are renewable solar and wind.
Steve Fleishman: And then one question, Jeff, on LNG. Just seems like market conditions remain pretty robust, obviously more at least spot market conditions. How is that impacting your discussions on new contracts and moving forward with your growth projects, and just how are you feeling overall there?
Jeff Martin: We continue to be very optimistic about our development portfolio. Steve, you recall on our Q4 call, we commented on some of the spot prices, I think, which set records actually at JKM, at least at that marker in January. We were talking about looking back at LNG trade last year and for the first part of this year. It has been one of the bright spots in the overall global energy markets. I think in part, it's attributable to this robust demand response we're seeing in Asia and low inventories in Europe. The consultants we work with think that by 2030, you could see the market climb to about 550 million tons per annum, and today, it's right around 365 million. So we're pretty optimistic about where we're at in terms of our development portfolio and particularly being able to access Asia. We talked about, at least Trevor did in his prepared remarks, Port Arthur. Obviously, this is a really large project for the United States and obviously for our company. We expect that we will probably move that FID decision into next year. But one of the things that's interesting is we're trying to improve our portfolio. I'll look at things like carbon capture and move into electric drive supported by renewables. I think the greening up of the value chain here in North America is something that the sell side and the buy side should follow, because I expect it will make America increasingly competitive over time. I would mention that ECA Phase 1 are going very well. In fact, our EPC contractor actually mobilized last month to begin some of the site preparation work, and that's one that we'll look to make updates on going forward. Then at Cameron Phase 2 probably has had the most activity. We're working with our Cameron partners through the funding of the pre feed work. This will also help us advance and optimize the overall technical design on that project, which we remain quite bullish on. After pre feed, the next steps, Steve, will be the engineering work for feed and moving forward with the EPC contract. And we're also making great progress on the commercial conversations with both Mitsui, Mitsubishi and Total. So that's advancing quite nicely. So I think as we look at it, we think the thesis that we've laid out to Wall Street about this supply demand gap in the middle of the decade continues to be validated. We've talked about this now for three or four years. So I think our portfolio will be well positioned going forward. And I think as you see, the higher coal use right now in Asia, particularly this year as compared to prior years, I think the importance of LNG as part of the clean energy transition is increasing in importance.
Operator: We'll go next to Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Jeff, just big picture. Wanted to get your thoughts on sort of how are you thinking about, a couple of years out, Sempra's profile regulated versus nonregulated? And specifically, given sort of the valuation marker on the private side for the gas assets, is there opportunity for you to kind of wind down or liquidate a larger portion of SIP moving forward?
Jeff Martin: As we've thought about it, you look back over the last three years, I think we've shown a real willingness, as a management team with our Board, to make changes to the portfolio all through the lens of trying to see if we can improve our financial performance. And we found opportunities where we're a seller when other people value our assets at a level higher than we value them. And you've likewise seen us be a buyer, particularly around our T&D thesis where we feel like that we can pick something up at a fair price in a market that's strategic to us. And as you think about those activities and being thoughtful about our capital allocation, we've been able to grow our adjusted earnings per share at about 14% CAGR. So we feel very good about the portfolio. In fact, we did a look back to our portfolio over the last 2 decades, and we've been able to grow our total shareholder return at just over 1,000% versus the S&P 500 is right around 400% total shareholder return and the S&P utilities at right around 314%. So we've been able to, over two decades, outperform our sector by 3x type of performance. I think it's this idea that you can put together a portfolio. And if you're really thoughtful and disciplined about capital allocation, you're always taking what the market gives you. And right now, we think we want to focus on growing our utility platform, both in Texas and California. We think we have a leadership position in both markets. So I think in the near term, our focus will be on growing our utilities and try to meet and fund the most capital efficient way that $32 billion capital program. At the end of the day, we're very excited about our partnership with KKR, but this was also an opportunity for us to source the lowest cost of capital to fund our capital program. So we're actually quite bullish on both of these platforms and look forward to growing them into the future.
Durgesh Chopra: Maybe can I just quickly ask you for an update on the San Diego franchise agreement, where does that stand?
Jeff Martin: This is something that is obviously a big priority to us. The city issued a new invitation to bid back in March. And Kevin, if you have other comments, feel free to supplement my comments. San Diego Gas Electric responded, providing a proposal on April 16th. Again, they were the only bidder in the process, and they are currently in [bilateral] negotiations with the city, and it's probably not appropriate given the state of those negotiations to characterize where we're at in that process. I would go back though and mention a couple of things that Kevin and I have mentioned on prior calls, which is we continue to believe there's a very strong alignment of interest between what the city is trying to accomplish for its citizens and what we're trying to accomplish for our customers. We feel very constructive about the process and we certainly look forward to continue and engage with the new mayor, Todd Gloria and the city council. Kevin, would you like to make any additional comments?
Kevin Sagara: No, I think you've covered it, Jeff.
Operator: We'll go next to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So if I can go back to perhaps where we started at the top of the Q&A here. Can you elaborate a little bit on the comments on balance sheet strength? How are you thinking about debt paydown? Is this just relative to the lost cash flow from the sale, or are you thinking about proportionately deleveraging from where you are today? I just want to clarify the comments that you made in the prepared remarks, as well as any tax leakage you might be willing to share.
Jeff Martin: I think that on prior calls, you may recall that we mentioned that we did not expect to have any cash tax consequences associated with the transaction because of the buildup of NOLs we have the kind of the 2024, 2025 time frame. I think the most important takeaway from my earlier remarks is that we're going to be in a position at our analyst conference, Julien, to provide our 2022 guidance, and I think that's the appropriate thing to focus on. The use of proceeds for this transaction will be important. I've talked about the importance of making sure that we can fund our capital program. There's nothing unique or nuanced about the balance sheet issue. I think you've seen us go from an equity layer that was closer to 40%, 41%, 42% in Q2 of 2018, and we finished this year, last year, on December 31 with a balance sheet that had an equity layer at about 51%. So we really have improved our balance sheet and thickened our equity layer. But as we look at paying down debt, we'll look at our various maturities, we'll look at our make whole payments, we'll get to the right economic decision, and we'll balance that with other offensive opportunities to fund our capital programs. So we feel good about the Sempra Infrastructure transaction. It was premised on sourcing lowest cost of capital, right, finding a partner that has a shared vision for growth and it's going to be accretive.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Actually, Jeff, if I can follow up on that last comment here. I think I heard you say three to four years of incremental accretion is the expectation for disclosure. Are you thinking about providing something on a consolidated EPS CAGR, like some of the prior Analyst Days here, or is it just going to be very narrow in terms of what the incremental accretion from the sell down is?
Jeff Martin: Yes, I would just go back and say that one of the things we're excited about is going to the analyst conference to review, number one, 2021 and to publish, for the first time, 2022. And if you harken back to the Oncor transaction, what we tend to do is make sure, number one, that any accretion associated with this transaction is included in the guidance that we expect to present, that has not been the case to date in terms of the guidance we put out for 2021. And we tend to look at the overall impact of accretion over multiple years. I think in the Oncor case, we provided three to four year average accretion, that would be our expectation would be to adhere to that convention in June when we're all together.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And perhaps provide updates on organic capital spending at the utilities as well…
Jeff Martin: That's exactly right.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: When you were talking about the LNG, I think you were mentioning carbon capture there and just wanted to follow up on that a bit. Just want to see if you thought the current 45Qs as the written right now are sufficient to provide economics to go forward with those type of projects right now or if more support is needed. And also, there was -- Shell collaborated with their LNG provider to deliver carbon neutral LNG into Europe. And I'm just wondering if you see this as like a bigger trend in the industry and I guess how Sempra thinks about that in general.
Jeff Martin: Look, I will start by saying that we've long talked about the competitive advantages of North America relative to other places like Australia or Qatar or Iran, or Russia. And I think when you think about the fact that we have ample resources for natural gas in the United States, low price volatility, you've got certainty of construction here relative to other jurisdictions and you've got deep capital markets. We have always said, and I think most forecasters agree, the United States will lead the world in LNG exports for the next two or three years. As you think about other competitive advantages, I mentioned this at Port Arthur but also at Cameron specifically, we're looking at opportunities to make sure that we can green up the value chain so we have the most competitive form of LNG possible. And I think what you talked about at Shell, that will become increasingly common. But I think the United States, in particular, will take its existing advantages and will become more advantaged relative to our competitors because of the very things you referenced in. And perhaps, Justin, who is our CEO of our LNG business, can talk a little bit about how you're thinking about the role of both renewables and carbon sequestration in your LNG program. Justin?
Justin Bird: Yes, Jeremy, I think on the 45Q question, yes, we do think that will play an important part as we look at carbon capture around our LNG and I guess, broader within the company. And in terms of what we're doing at our LNG projects, we are always looking for ways to reduce our emissions both on site and then from the gas coming in as well as the power that's coming into the project. So as Jeff mentioned earlier, as we look to potential electric drives, trying to increase the percentage of renewable power that would drive those as well as other ways to capture and reduce methane on our site, I think those are important drivers as we look to keep greening our facilities and frankly, the supply that comes into them. You made reference to the Cheniere-Shell deal. I think you will start to see more of that in the LNG marketplace. We are working with our customers and potential customers as to how we will track the emissions associated with that LNG, and then as to ways that the emissions with that LNG can be offset. So I do think you will see that play an important role as the market continues to grow. But as Jeff mentioned in his earlier remarks, I think what excites us most about LNG is the continued growth you see in the LNG around the world, frankly, as the rest of the world and us move toward energy transition and cleaner energy. Natural gas is clean, affordable. We're seeing it supplement domestic gas resources around the world. We're seeing it provide support for renewables and supporting electrification. So we think LNG will play a critical role and particularly, American LNG in the global energy transition.
Jeremy Tonet: Maybe pivoting a bit here, talking about RNG. I think you cite 20% RNG by 2030 here for your assets. And I was just wondering what line of sight that you might have to that number? And are there supporting policies or regulatory incentives that would need to be put in place to hit this or just kind of any other thoughts on the trajectory of the path there would be helpful?
Jeff Martin: I'll make some comments and then ask if Kevin Sagara can supplement my views. But we've made some pretty bold commitments around going to Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions at net zero by 2045 in our gas utility. And many of you know, we own the largest gas utility here in North America, I think we've taken a leadership position in our commitments there. And to your point, we have made a commitment to be at 20% renewable natural gas by 2030. I think we're at about the 5% level today. And what's interesting is you get carbon offset credits if you can use renewable natural gas for marine purposes as well as for transportation purposes. And I think there's an opportunity to extend those type of offsets to pipeline utilization. We also think there's an opportunity here in California to see us move towards something that looks a lot more like the renewable portfolio standard that was used in 2007 to launch our renewable investments across the state. But we do think capturing biogas from landfill and from dairies has a huge impact on taking uncombusted methane out of the environment. So we're actually going to try to be a leader in that area. And this is something that we'd be even taking inquiries from some of our European partners about the progress and leadership that SoCalGas has shown. But Kevin, you want to comment on any of the regulatory issues or other issues around renewable natural gas?
Kevin Sagara: Just as Jeff mentioned, we have a commitment at the gas company to have 5% of our core loads served by RNG by next year, and we're well on our way to meeting that. I think we're almost there right now. And then the larger commitment of 20% by 2030, I think for that one, we need some more regulatory incentives. Something like Jeff mentioned around an RPS standard would be very helpful ultimately. But this is an issue that we're going to have to tackle in the state. Methane is about 80 times, or you've seen maybe even more times worse, more times the net worse for the atmosphere and for the climate than CO2. And so there's going to be a need to be a regulatory construct in the end to drive kind of emitters of methane to capture that and use it or burn it, or put it back into the ground. So we're going to see more of that. But like you mentioned, I think an RPS standard will be very helpful in helping us reach our goal.
Jeremy Tonet: Maybe just if I could squeeze the last one in with the Biden plan out there, early days. But just anything you see, I guess, that could help you on the transmission side or maybe aim any of your kind of growth in Texas or any thoughts there that you could share?
Jeff Martin: No, I would just probably say that we're committed to work with this administration. Obviously, there's a little bit of a bid ask spread between both parties about the size of the infrastructure plan. But the area that there does seem to be a consensus beyond the normal bridges, roads and airports is around issues like telecom and number two, in expansion of the transmission system. So these are very, very hard to site and build. These are long lead time projects that can take up to a decade to complete. And it's one of the reasons I think that we feel so constructive about the transmission and distribution positions we have in Texas and California because we think the lion's share of these upgrades that will be extended will come from the existing owners of the existing rights way and existing land positions and infrastructure. So we've had a team on the ground in Washington led by Trevor and Lisa Alexander in the last two weeks, meeting with policymakers on this point. And I do think -- we expect to see some support in the infrastructure bill for transmission.
Operator: We'll go next to Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: A lot's been covered but I wanted to maybe go back to your investor event in June and just make sure I'm thinking about all the key focus topics. I heard a couple through Q&A like '22 guidance and a discussion of CapEx opportunities. But are there sort of other focused topics or sort of key messages you wanted to reinforce at that big event?
Jeff Martin: No, I think we've had a fair amount of optimization in our portfolio over the last three years. And I think what we're going to try to accomplish at the analyst conference is make sure that we present a very clear runway of growth. You recall, one of the things that's new this year is that we've continued to make strides in reporting higher quality earnings, so we've backed out FX and mark to market and inflation from our results. You saw that in our recast comparison for last year. Secondly, you're going to hear us talk about the growth that we expect in our California and utility platforms in Texas and how we expect to fund that going forward. There will be a lot of focus, in Trevor's presentation in June, around our approach to funding our capital program. And I would also mention we expect Steve to have spotlights on technology and innovation in all of our business unit presentations. So it's very interesting. We had a conversation with Fatih Birol from the IEA not too long ago who met with our Board. And he made the point to us that for the world to reach net zero by 2050, it's the view of the International Energy Agency that 50% of the required technology, and that includes new fuels, do not exist today. So we think that industry controls the tools of decarbonization, and the research and development and innovation that's needed needs to come from industry. So you'll expect to hear us not just talk about sustainability but our role in taking a leadership position in our industry about what we're going to do in each business unit to improve sustainability and focus on innovation.
Stephen Byrd: And maybe just on innovation and following up on the questions around California and natural gas. I mean, you all have been leaders in innovation in terms of thinking about renewable natural gas, how to pivot your business model to achieve a variety of goals. I was just curious, though, as you talk with the CPUC and talk with California legislators on the more negative end of the spectrum in terms of just any new developments that you see in terms of wanting, from a variety of folks, to move away from conventional methane more quickly or changes, pushes towards electrification. Anything else that you're sort of seeing in terms of your dialog with policymakers?
Jeff Martin: I might ask Kevin to supplement these comments. But I would tell you that I think we benefited from positive and progressive regulation in the state for a long period of time. And there's no question that electrification will be a dominant near term and long term secular trend. But what's interesting to me is there's this growing convergence around the role of not just electric infrastructure but natural gas infrastructure because natural gas is what's allowing us to find that efficient frontier. I hosted a guest in our Center of Excellence here yesterday and we were looking at our real time board. And I think we were at right around 82% renewable penetration on SDG&E's system at a point in time yesterday afternoon. And that's only possible because you've made those investments in a resilient grid backed up by batteries, and you've got all the peaking and necessary load support from your natural gas side. So this was one of the lessons learned from our blackouts in California last summer. So I think there is this kind of convergence that over long periods of time to continue to push cleaner forms of energy, natural gas has a role, and we're still using a lot of natural gas, obviously, in power production. So there will always be points of differences. There will be robust dialogs. There will be conflict of discussions around energy policy. But over long periods of time, I think the state has done a great job. And you'll recall, in the most recent GRC, the PUC approved the largest capital spending program in the history of SoCalGas, and it's really a flexion of their commitment to safety and reliability and I think the long term importance of that system. And Kevin, would you like to make any more comments about natural gas generally in the state?
Kevin Sagara: Yes, I'll just echo really what you said about, it's really clean electrons and clean molecules working in tandem. I think that's becoming clear as we progress on this continuum of the energy transition, Stephen. It's not really binary, it's not electrification and then forget about natural gas or forget about hydrogen, or forget about other clean forms of molecules. It's really some combination of both, because you can't really decarbonize the industrial sectors, the heavy duty transportation sectors without the clean molecules. And really, what you need to make the clean molecules is more renewable energy. You need more clean electrons, which means more investment in the transmission grids. And so it's really these two systems working together, which is going to result in achieving this net zero GHG emissions by 2045 goal that both the state has, but both of our utilities have announced their alignment with as well. So that's the key takeaway, I think.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: You brought up the very long term kind of share price and total return outperformance of Sempra over the last 20 years. And it's interesting, just curious, if I just look at a more recent, even though like over the last year, maybe even last two years relative to the main sector index, the shares have actually underperformed. And I'm just curious because you've made lots of great transactions to simplify the business and to monetize some of the valuable assets you own. Do you worry there's a need to diversify further away from California? Meaning do you worry and does the Board have a concern that California Utilities, whether it's due to wildfire risk, whether it's due to the move away from natural gas, whether it's earnings risk due to the cost of capital mechanism kicking in and low interest rates. Do you kind of worry that relative to the rest of the sector, that California Utilities are kind of, I guess, use the term discount stocks?
Jeff Martin: Well, I would start by saying that -- and you've followed this for a long time, Michael, that we tend to take a long term view around how we try to create value. And we don't have knee jerk reactions to short term changes in the marketplace. And I know that's not what you're implying but we are always tying ourselves to that long term view. And you'll recall, I went back and looked, at the end of 2017, 88% of our earnings were North America and 12% were in South America, and we had roughly 70% of our earnings composition came from California. And today, that's just less than 50%. So there has been a trend in terms of how we've managed Sempra Infrastructure Partners and how we've managed our growth in Texas, namely through the acquisition of an 80% interest in Oncor. And then as you recall, we also bought InfraREIT, which was a public company. And then you've seen at Allen's capital program went from what was about $7.4 billion commitment in his November of 2017 for five year capital program to today is closer to $12.2 billion. So we're now forecasting $55 billion of utility rate base by the end of 2025 and at least based upon current returns is on a weighted ROE basis of about 10.1. But I think you're on a good point. We're going to continue to manage this portfolio and we're going to continue to grow at, number one, weighted toward utilities. And number two, if there's opportunities to expand, we have a huge leadership presence in California. We like the state. We think we have the chance to take some of the economies of learning here around sustainability, and that influences why we're a better stakeholder and investor in other parts of our business. Yes, we'll continue to look for opportunities to expand outside of California. And frankly, Mike, when you look back on the last three years, you've seen us execute that way.
Michael Lapides: And then one follow up, kind of a more detailed one on LNG expansion and growth projects. Just curious, you've got, if I remember correctly, almost 7 million tons per year largely contracted at Port Arthur, the 5 million tons with Aramco and 2 million. How much more do you think you need take the project FID? Do you need the full [10 million] to take an FID, would you need something a little bit less than that to make it economic to do so? And do you think kind of the contracting market this year isn't robust enough just to get another 1 million or 2 million tons contracted?
Jeff Martin: Well, I think what we try to do in our unregulated business is make sure that we exercise our capital allocation strategy to produce cash flows that have substantially similar risk reward to our utilities. So Port Arthur is an opportunity where we've got seven today. I don't see any scenario that we would probably take FID without having it fully contracted. I would mention, one of the things that was attractive, Michael, about the Sempra Infrastructure Partners portfolio is, you're hard pressed to find someone that owns a business like that, that has average contract tenure across LNG and our contracts in Mexico at 21 years. So all the lessons from last decade and the decade before about merchant positions and commodity exposure and exposure to generation, we paid our tuition back in those decades. And I think what we're focused on right now is aggressively growing our California and Texas utility platform. And inside of Sempra Infrastructure Partners, there's no question, we have an industry leading development platform. But we think that we have competitive positions that will allow us to fully contract those businesses before they go forward. And I'll make one last point. You may remember that we announced early on the MOUs, Michael, for ECA Phase 1 and that was fully tied up by MOUs before we progress to SPAs. We're in that exact same position today with Cameron expansion. So even though we're bullish long term about Port Arthur, that can be a remarkable project. We're even more bullish about Cameron expansion. So that's one that Justin and the team will be speaking more about at our analyst conference.
Operator: We'll go next to Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: A couple of questions. One, in terms of the SIP entity on a go forward basis, given your assets in Louisiana, curious if there's any efforts to develop hydrogen related infrastructure, specifically around your LA storage in Hackberry?
Jeff Martin: I think we've talked about on prior calls, hydrogen is a very important development all across the Sempra family of companies. When we get to the analyst conference, Ryan, we would definitely have some spotlight discussions around our progress, both in our utilities and outside of our utilities on hydrogen. But perhaps I could turn it over to Justin to talk about as you think about creating more competitive projects, how are you thinking about hydrogen either at Port Arthur or Cameron?
Justin Bird: I think we are looking at hydrogen opportunities at all of our LNG facilities, particularly those in the Gulf Coast. I think the other thing, and you mentioned Hackberry storage, the other thing that's interesting, Ryan, is we're also looking at carbon sequestration. So how can we not only take the carbon from our own liquefaction facilities, but is there a way to develop a facility that can take carbon from some of the adjacent industries in that area, whether they be LNG or other things to help reduce CO2 there. So I think we are very excited about these opportunities. We are thinking along the same lines as you, Ryan. And I think, as Jeff mentioned, when we talk about innovation at the Analyst Day, this is one of the areas that I think you'll see us focus on.
Ryan Levine: Maybe switching gears, as COVID related restrictions continue to ease, how are you expecting O&M costs to trend in the back half of the year? And are there any meaningful opportunities you have to reduce some of your overall costs across the businesses?
Jeff Martin: It's interesting because of our geographic exposure to Mexico, obviously, Texas, here in California and Louisiana, you can imagine, Ryan, that each jurisdiction has been a little bit impacted differently. We've been a little bit further behind in California. For example, we have not even begun to have or authorized discretionary business travel. We also have not really had a return to the office program across Sempra yet. So we're still working more in a virtual mode, except for our central workforce, which is in the field. But things that we're looking at, you may recall, over the last three years, we've had these programs we call the Janus program, where we try to take costs, particularly out of the parent company. We've had a consistent process in '18, '19 and '20 of reducing costs at the parent company. At our California utilities, they're also being thought. But one area that we're going to track well into the future, Ryan, is our real estate needs. We have a lot of office space, storage facilities all across Southern California. I know Allen has looked at this in Texas. And once we get back to a more normalized return to work profile, I think this will be an opportunity to look at our fleet vehicle program. We'll look at our real estate costs. All these also impact our ongoing O&M, entertainment and travel costs as well. And Trevor, would you like to add anything to that in terms of how you're thinking about it?
Trevor Mihalik: Ryan, I would just point you to the appendix where we kind of lay out where we had lower parent costs, and that was really $15 million of lower operating costs at the parent. So you can see where we're looking to try to find efficiencies across the board and hope to continue to do so.
Ryan Levine: And last question for me. In terms of the federal legislation that's being discussed in Washington, you highlighted additional investment opportunity around transmission. Curious your view around the necessary permits there to be able to execute on some of those opportunities. And if there's any assistance or policy that may be supportive of facilitating that further transmission method.
Jeff Martin: I think it's one of the things that's kind of plagued kind of the policy environment about how you address issues like this. You've obviously seen it in the pipeline industry as well. But particularly because transmission and pipelines involve interstate commerce, that's one of the reasons that the federal government has such an important role here in terms of policy making. But a lot of those land and those rights issues fall to the state. So I think this is something they're going to continue to grapple with. We found no silver bullet in the last couple of decades in this area. What I would say is the ability to develop, whether it's generation spurs, 230 kV lines, 500 kV lines, it's a little bit different by jurisdiction, whether you're in Louisiana, or you're in Texas or Mexico relative to California. You may remember the last large scale transmission line we built here was the Sunrise power line, and it took up almost $1.9 billion to build 90 miles. So it is a very costly, challenging permitting project, particularly in California. And that's one of the reasons, Ryan, that we have a thesis that when you talk about transmission and distribution and the importance of grids towards accepting more renewables, it will fall largely to upgrading existing facilities and making sure that more renewable clusters can access existing infrastructure.
Operator: We'll go next to Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: If I could follow up on Michael's question earlier. I mean, the company makes a compelling argument for the growth of the Sempra’s LNG platform and also the diversification of utility earnings from California. Recently, we have seen really high multiples on LDC transactions, similar to what CenterPoint has just announced and also maybe a transaction like Duke selling a slice of its Indiana utility. Is that something Sempra would consider selling a portion of its regulated utilities as a low source of capital or cost of capital to either fund LNG expansion, or organic or inorganic utility expansion?
Jeff Martin: I appreciate the question. We spend a lot of time thinking of opportunities to continue to improve our portfolio. We certainly wouldn't take any option off the table. But I would call your attention to the fact that if we're trading at 16 or 17 times now, we just announced the transaction a couple of weeks ago at a 21 PE effectively. So raising $3.37 billion at something close to a 13 to 13.4 times EBITDA and 21 PE, that was the cheapest source of capital for us to fund our $32 billion capital program. So I can guarantee that we will be thoughtful in this area. But right now, we have a tremendous amount of growth in front of our utility platform in California and in Texas. And right now, our focus is on making sure we can meet our organic capital program with the lowest cost forms of capital and we'll provide updates as we go forward.
Anthony Crowdell: And then just lastly to that, I mean, what limits the growth? It seems that as you highlighted, the company has done a great job of sourcing capital, finding projects. What limits that growth? Is it bill intact, is it finding more projects? Just because it looks like the company is hitting on all cylinders, whether it's sourcing capital. You talked about how Allen's projected CapEx has just really hockey sticked up since 2017. Just what are the limitations there?
Jeff Martin: Well, I think the most important thing is that you align your capital programs with the regulatory priorities of your local commission. So here in California, there's a big emphasis around safety and resiliency, and reliability. In Texas, Allen's challenge is a little bit more different. He's got really enormous growth challenges in terms of making infrastructure investments to accommodate growth. I participated in the Board call with Allen and Trevor recently at Oncor. And in the far west region, they saw something close to 5% to 5.3% quarter-over-quarter electricity growth. So I think the challenge will be different by jurisdiction. I would say this, one thing that intrigues us is, we spend a lot of time not just investing in our high performing culture but building a business system that allows us to effectively manage our businesses, manage risk effectively, invest in our culture and be good allocators of capital. And I think we have the real opportunity to build a bigger platform of scale. I think it was one of the outcomes from the pandemic last year was this belief that it's important to be larger and a market leader in every market. So when you think about our position in California, you think about our position with Allen's business in Texas and you think about Sempra Infrastructure Partner, we've added scale at all three of those growth platforms. And what we want to do is continue to assert those advantages in those markets to meet the needs of our regulators and our customers. And I think we'll find opportunities around that along the way, but we feel very good about how our business and our portfolio is set up, we believe, to provide differential growth around the dividend and earnings going forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Jonathan Arnold with Vertical.
Jonathan Arnold: Just a couple of quick ones. And I apologize if I missed this earlier, but do you anticipate starting to report SIP as an entity anytime soon or guiding to EBITDA reporting that, or do we stay sort of within the current reporting segments and earnings focus as the main currency?
Jeff Martin: Well, I would tell you that we've spent time talking about this. You've heard us on this call talk about our three growth platforms. And perhaps, Trevor, you could talk about the process we've put in place going forward as we think about our segments and also our focus on EBITDA or adjusted EBITDA going forward.
Trevor Mihalik: So Jonathan, as you've seen, we do have this platform that is the combination of two businesses. At some point, I think we would like to get to Sempra Infrastructure Partners as a segment. That probably would not happen on an interim basis during the quarter, we would do it on an annual basis when we get to an end of a year period. Right now, I think there is an overlap between Mexico, given the LNG assets that they have in Mexico and the LNG business. But as we're putting this together and working through the structure, both internally here and as with KKR, we will be making that determination as to what the reportable segments would be on a prospective basis.
Jeff Martin: And I would also follow on that, Jonathan, to say that we will be expecting to report adjusted EBITDA for Sempra Infrastructure.
Jonathan Arnold: So you'll start that, but the segments may come later perhaps?
Trevor Mihalik: That's right. I think you can see, at least until we get the transaction closing through a period, we will still be reporting on the Mexican business and the LNG business. But then as we put the management team in place and as we manage that business prospectively, it would be managed as a single unit then at some point in the future.
Jonathan Arnold: And then just one other thing, like when you announced the SIP stake sale in the 8-K, you talked about these priority distribution rights that KKR was getting based on deviations on project cash flows. And I think there was something in there, too, about a priority distribution if SIP did not take FID on certain projects by a certain time. Just any incremental insight you can give us to materiality and what these sort of time frames and projects would be.
Jeff Martin: What I would say is that we want to make sure that we're transparent in all those 8-K filings. We obviously have done a great amount of work about how we structure these partnerships. And it's not uncommon to have different distributions around different issues within a business or member loans. I would tell you, from our perspective, we do not view these as rising to any level of materiality in terms of the overall business. So I would say, I would characterize them as ordinary course and adequately disclosed based on how we think about it.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will turn the call back to Jeff Martin for additional or closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I just wanted to close by thanking everyone for attending. I know there was a lot of other calls today so we appreciate you spending time with the Sempra team. We also look forward to providing you with further updates at our upcoming Virtual 2021 Investor Day, which we expect to be held on June 29th. So please take a moment at the end of today's call just to mark that date on your calendar. It's something we always look forward to. Thank you again for joining us and feel free to reach out to our IR team with any additional questions per custom. This concludes today's call.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-25 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Nelly Molina, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Nelly Molina: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call for Sempra Energy. A live webcast of this teleconference and the slide presentation is available on our website under the Investor section. With us today on the line, we have several members of our management team, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra LNG; Kevin Sagara, Group President; Don Clevenger, Chief Financial Officer of Oncor; and Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K filed with the SEC. All of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, February 25, 2021, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. Lastly, as you know, due to our filings in the US and Mexico, we're limited in what we can say about the proposed IEnova's exchange offer and we'll be unable to respond to questions about these transaction. With that please turn to Slide Four, and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Martin: Thanks a lot, Nelly, and thank you all for joining us today. To start, I'd like to take a moment to thank all of our employees and partners for their dedication and professionalism throughout 2020 in continuing to serve over 36 million consumers. I'd also like to briefly touch upon the extreme weather events that transpired last week. Our thoughts are with all those who have been impacted and the Oncor employees who are tirelessly working to maintain the integrity of the grid in Texas. We've often discussed our investment strategy and how it's focused on building 21st century energy networks or transmission and distribution investments that are essential to modern life, and the past year really highlights the importance of those essential services and why new investments will be needed to keep the grid growing and improving its resiliency. I'm pleased to report that in 2020, we also delivered strong financial and operating performance, creating positive momentum heading into 2021, as we build on our mission to be North America's premier energy infrastructure company. Turning to the financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported full-year 2020 adjusted earnings of $8.03 per share, the highest in our company's history. We also exceeded our previously increased 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range, which reflects our firm resolve to always try to meet or exceed our commitments. In line with this positive momentum, we're reaffirming our 2021 EPS guidance range. I'd also like to mention that this guidance range excludes the impacts of the proposed IEnova exchange offer and the sale of a non-controlling interest in Sempra Infrastructure Partners. Additionally, for the 11th consecutive year, we're raising our dividend. Our Board of Directors approved an increase to our annualized dividend to $4.40 per share, from $4.18 per share. While future dividends are at the discretion of the Board, we plan to target a 50% to 60% dividend payout ratio. This demonstrates our commitment to generating value for our shareholders by continuing to grow the dividend, while also reinvesting in the future growth of the business. Now please turn to the next slide, where I'll highlight some of our more notable accomplishments for the year. Our strong performance is attributable to our strategic focus on value creation, a track record of disciplined execution and operational excellence. We're proud of our many accomplishments in 2020. We continued to advance our capital plan with approximately $7 billion spent in 2020, which continues to be anchored around safety and reliability investments at our US utilities. We also completed the sale of our South American businesses in June, amidst the backdrop of a global pandemic and international travel restrictions. This was a terrific accomplishment and a credit to our talented team, and marks the full completion of our multi-year strategic capital rotation program, which has allowed us to successfully reposition our business in what we believe to be the most attractive markets in North America. In line with our consistent focus on creating value for our shareholders, in December we announced a series of integrated transactions intended to simplify our energy infrastructure businesses under one growth platform. This platform is also intended to create scale and strategic alignment, while unlocking value by selling a non-controlling interest to a strategic partner. Trevor, will provide an update on the progress later on in the presentation. Financially, we've achieved strong results raising our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range last June and today, significantly exceeding that increased range. Additionally, we made great progress on our five-year capital plan, while also executing a $500 million share buyback program. Fundamentally, across our US utilities and infrastructure platforms, we remain focused on investing and growing our businesses. And to a point that I've made previously, we're allocating capital into a lower-risk portion of the energy value chain in what we believe are the most attractive markets in North America. That really is the centerpiece of our strategy and is reflected in the strength of today's results. Please turn to the next slide. Our 2020 accomplishments are a testament to the remarkable growth we're continuing to see at our utilities. Our 2020 financial results were underpinned by strong performance grounded in safety and reliability. We also ended the period with approximately $37 billion of total combined rate base of which nearly 74% is from electric T&D investments. So the key takeaway here is our two-year capital rotation program was specifically designed to build out this position as a leader in our North American energy networks in order to improve the strength and consistency of our financial results, which has clearly been demonstrated over the last several years. Looking to the future, we believe our Utilities platform will benefit from growth opportunities associated with serving the largest consumer base in the United States and operating in markets with the highest concentration of manufacturing and industrial production that in combination, make up nearly a quarter of the total GDP of the United States. In addition to growth, I also want to mention several other competitive advantages that allow our utilities to be successful in a variety of market conditions, such as decoupled revenues in California. Constructive authorized ROEs averaging just over 10% and constructive regulatory environments that support serving growth and investing to meet bold sustainability goals that further our efforts to decarbonize energy and also improve the safety and reliability of our system. As an example, our California Utilities have over 10 hydrogen research and development projects. We expect to showcase as well as other innovations that we have underway at our Investor Day later this spring. Now please turn to the next slide, where I'll turn the call over to Trevor to provide both business and financial updates.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. We've made substantial progress on the announced Sempra Infrastructure Partners integrated transactions since our last business update call in December. As these transactions continue to advance, we wanted to re-emphasize our key objectives and expectations. By simplifying the ownership structure of Sempra LNG and IEnova under Sempra Infrastructure Partners, we believe this new streamlined platform will offer scale benefits and portfolio synergies as we continue to grow the business by advancing investments in cross-border renewable opportunities, large-scale integrated LNG projects and other investments in energy networks. Overall, it's our expectation that these integrated transactions will simplify our business model, strengthen our balance sheet and highlight significant value in the underlying businesses. Please turn to the next slide and I'll review the expected timing of this process. We continue to make good progress, and I'd like to highlight that we plan to complete the exchange offer and announce the sale of the non-controlling interest by the end of the second quarter. While timing is important, getting to the right partner and the right value is what is driving this great initiative. Additionally, I want to emphasize that while these two integrated timelines are part of our overall execution plan, the exchange offer and the sale of the non-controlling interests are advancing independently and are not contingent upon the other's timing. Please turn to the next slide. We've had several positive developments this past quarter at our US utilities and infrastructure businesses. At our US utilities, we executed record capital investments in 2020 of nearly $6 billion, continuing our focus on grid modernization. At SoCalGas, we're proud that we achieved approximately 20% methane reductions below 2015 levels, which is five years earlier than mandated. Moving to Oncor, we continued to see strong growth throughout the service territory. In the fourth quarter alone, Oncor connected approximately 18,000 new premises, which brought the full-year total to approximately 77,000. This is a 20% increase compared to 2019 connections, which is an amazing figure and reflects the best organic growth rate Oncor has ever experienced. This is particularly noteworthy, considering the backdrop of the global pandemic. On the transmission side, Oncor set a record for interconnection requests in 2020, driven by continued strong development activity in utility-scale generation with a focus on the renewable and battery storage markets in their service territory. Also, Oncor completed six major transmission projects in West Texas, totaling approximately 260 circuit miles and approximately $300 million of investment. Shifting to our infrastructure businesses. At ECA LNG Phase 1 reached final investment decision this past November, and we subsequently provided TechnipFMC with full notice to proceed under the EPC contract. The total expected capital investment is approximately $2 billion, which includes an equity contribution of approximately $250 million each from Sempra LNG and IEnova. And in December, an affiliate of Total took a 16.6% equity stake in the project. Shifting to Mexico, we continued to advance our pipeline of construction projects focused on improving the country's energy security. The Don Diego Solar project reached commercial operations and recently, IEnova announced an agreement to acquire the remaining interest in ESJ. Additionally, last week IEnova CEO, Tania Ortiz, and Energy Minister, Rocio Nahle, commissioned the Veracruz refined product storage terminal. As a reminder, the Veracruz marine terminal is situated in the largest Mexican port on the Gulf Coast and is expected to be one of the largest fuel terminals in the country with the capacity to serve 2.1 million barrels of refined product. Please turn to the next slide, where I'll review our financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $414 million or $1.43 per share. This compares to fourth quarter 2019 GAAP earnings of $447 million or $1.55 per share. On an adjusted basis, fourth quarter 2020 earnings were $553 million or $1.90 per share. This compares to our fourth quarter 2019 earnings of $447 million or $1.55 per share. Full-year 2020 GAAP earnings were $3.764 billion or $12.88 per share. This compares to 2019 GAAP earnings of $2.55 billion or $7.29 per share. On an adjusted basis, full-year 2020 earnings were $2.350 billion or $8.03 per share. This compares favorably to our previous full-year 2019 adjusted earnings of $1.911 billion or $6.78 per share. Please turn to the next slide. The variance in the full-year 2020 adjusted earnings compared to last year was affected by the following key items, $146 million of lower earnings due to the sale of our Peruvian and Chilean businesses in April and June of 2020 respectively. This was offset by $284 million of higher equity earnings from Cameron LNG JV, primarily due to Phase 1 commencing full commercial operations. $81 million of higher earnings at the California Utilities from higher FERC and CPUC base operating margins, $63 million of lower losses at Parent and Other due to lower net interest expense, and higher income tax benefits, $57 million of higher earnings at the California Utilities from the release of a regulatory liability in 2020 associated with an income tax expense memorandum account that track differences between actual and forecasted estimates from 2016 to 2018, partially offset by income tax benefits in 2019 from the release of our regulatory liability established in connection with 2017 tax reform for the excess deferred income tax balances that the CPUC directed to be allocated to shareholders in a January 2019 decision. $51 million of higher equity earnings at Sempra Texas Utilities, primarily due to increased revenues from rate updates to reflect invested capital and Oncor's acquisition of InfraREIT in May 2019. And $41 million of higher earnings from Sempra LNG's marketing operations, primarily driven by changes in natural gas prices. Lastly, I'd like to highlight that we're making a few changes regarding our financial guidance going forward in 2021 and beyond. We're continuing to work on ways to provide you a cleaner and clearer view of our operational performance and financial results. And after various discussions with a number of our investors and sell-side analysts, starting in the first quarter of 2021 we will be adjusting out foreign currency and inflation effects, as well as unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses. This change is incorporated into our reaffirmed 2021 guidance range. Reporting our earnings with these items adjusted out allows for greater focus on earnings from ongoing business activities, and we appreciate all the input we received on this change of convention. Please turn to the next slide. Over the last three years, we've successfully narrowed our investment focus to T&D investments in what we believe are the most attractive markets in North America. And those of you who have followed us over the last three years have seen the difference this has made. Since 2017, we've transacted on approximately $27 billion in enterprise value, while still growing our adjusted EPS annually by approximately 14%. Not only has our adjusted EPS growth been exceptional, but the overall adjusted earnings quality has substantially increased providing greater visibility into future cash flows. We're proud of where our business stands today and believe we're well-positioned to continue providing strong financial results. With that please turn to the next slide, where I will review our new five-year capital plan. Last year, we laid out our record five-year capital plan of $32 billion. And when rolling our plan for this year, we continued to see robust opportunities to invest in our US utilities and infrastructure businesses. In 2021 to 2025, the capital plan is anchored by $29 billion of US utility investments, which represents over 90% of our total capital plan and is the largest utility program in the company's history. For SDG&E and SoCalGas, safety and reliability continue to be at the forefront of our capital plan. We're making investments at both utilities to enhance our pipeline infrastructure through our risk assessment mitigation phase and risk spending accountability reporting. At SDG&E, we continued to advance our industry-leading Wildfire Mitigation Program by investing in innovative and cutting-edge technologies to keep our communities safe. And at SoCalGas, we're making strides toward achieving our greenhouse gas emissions reductions and executing on a strategy to achieve at least 40% reduction in methane emissions by 2030. Additionally in Oncor, the capital plan is attributable to tremendous organic growth that we're seeing. On the distribution side, Dallas-Fort Worth is the fastest growing metropolitan area in the fastest growing state in the country. This is coupled with continued investments on the transmission side, resulting from the increase in wind and solar generation as well as battery storage being interconnected into the ERCOT system. When compared to Sempra's capital plan we've shared with you last spring, we've identified an increase of roughly $1.1 billion of incremental utility CapEx in 2021 and 2022 combined. Lastly, we plan to fund our robust capital plan with cash flows from operations, as well as using some of the cash proceeds received from the proposed sale of a non-controlling interest in Sempra Infrastructure Partners, and other available sources. As we've historically done, we'll continue to be disciplined and evaluate all available financing sources based on the timing of our investments and what we believe is the most efficient for our shareholders. Please turn to the next slide, where I will review rate base projections. Our continued investment in safety and reliability provide strong projected rate base growth of approximately 9% annually from 2020 to 2025. By 2025, our combined total rate base is projected to be approximately $56 billion. Notably over that period, our rate base mix does not change materially with approximately 70% of total rate base from electric infrastructure, which reflects how well-positioned we are to continue supporting strong trends in electrification. Please turn to the next slide, where I will hand the call back over to Jeff to review our priorities for 2021.
Jeffrey Martin: Thanks a lot, Trevor. As we turn our attention to the rest of 2021, we plan to continue our positive momentum. We've identified several priorities to capitalize on the critical role that energy infrastructure is providing in support of the energy transition. Our priorities include among others, executing health and safety programs to help mitigate COVID-19 risk for our employees, maintaining a focus on safety and operational excellence across all of our companies, continue to execute on utility-centered capital plan, delivering strong financial results and completing the Sempra Infrastructure Partners integrated set of transactions. I look forward to sharing more about how we're delivering on a sustainable future for all of our stakeholders at our Investor Day later this year. Please turn to the next slide. And finally, let me summarize for you our investment proposition, which we believe is differential to others in our industry and offers compelling value both in the near and long term. We're building a top-tier T&D infrastructure platform that's well-positioned to succeed in attractive markets, continuing to execute a robust capital plan with significant expected growth in rate base, growing our EPS and improving our earnings visibility, maintaining attractive and growing dividend and remaining committed to innovation, sustainability and leadership. Please turn to the final slide. In summary, 2020 was a record year for our company. Against the challenging economic and operating backdrop, we deployed a record amount of capital and produced the best financial results in our company's history, topping the prior year's record of adjusted earnings results by over $400 million. We look forward to continuing to execute on our value proposition in 2021 and remain committed to creating long-term shareholder value. And with that, this concludes our prepared remarks and we'll stop to take your questions. Before opening the call to questions, however, I'd like to remind you that we will not be discussing the exchange offer.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Jeffrey Martin: Morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: So as we're sort of thinking about the pending SIP so, Jeff, I know proceeds could be somewhat substantial, just given sort of the prior comments around the potential transaction multiple. In terms of use of proceeds, you obviously have an opportunity to reinvest for the buyback and de-lever. Any sort of priorities here and how much do you sort of envision could be recycled at the utilities just from an equity standpoint? And how should we sort of be thinking about potential limits with efficient redeployment of the proceeds in the near term?
Jeffrey Martin: Appreciate the question, Shar. And I think the way we think about it is, we've gone through in our prepared remarks kind of what we think the critical success factors are for the transaction, and obviously one of the things we've identified in that order of criteria is to predict [ph] accretive transaction. So when you think about the use of proceeds, what I try to describe people is it's essentially dependent upon three factors. Number one, how well you successfully execute the general offer. Number two, how well you execute the sell-down process and that includes both the overall quantity of equity sold and the implied valuation. And to the point that you're getting to, the third part of that is a transaction, so to speak, is the use of proceeds. And one of the things we noted on the call is that you've seen not only the same $32 billion capital program roll-forward, but you're also seeing a higher portion of capital in the five-year plan allocated toward the utilities. So last year's plan was roughly 85% to 86% utility spending over the five years. This year's plans closer to 90%. And we did highlight for you that we think there's at least $1.1 billion of incremental CapEx just in our California Utilities in the next two years, and you've seen us raise the CapEx for Oncor by another $300 million over the five-year timeframe. So, we're going to look at both debt reduction, we're going to look at opportunities to fund additional utility CapEx. We will always test that against share repurchases. And there are scenarios where you could see us take in in-kind investments from investors, although it's probably a lower likelihood. So, what we're going to try to do is manage all three of those things; the tender process, the equity sell-down and then the efficient use of proceeds in a way that delivers all the critical success factors that we identified in our prepared remarks.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just the amount of the sale kind of obviously remains unknown and we'll find out pretty sure where that stands, but should we be assuming sort of cash or a combo of cash and maybe an asset swap that could be like EBITDA-neutral or accretive, so swapping EBITDA for EBITDA, so how do we sort of just think about that?
Jeffrey Martin: So, I wouldn't -- I mean, what we've said publicly is that we're going to sell a non-controlling interest, and so we'll always have controlled entity going forward. We have a very robust view of this platform and what the value can create over time. But the most important thing is we're going to focus on doing that those transactions as I described to you as efficiently as possible. And I would focus probably most likely on cash transactions, but we're not ruling out the idea that we could do an asset swap or allow some to contribute -- someone to contribute an asset as part of the overall value.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And just one last housekeeping and then I'll pass it off to someone else is you obviously -- you kind of reiterated the '21 guidance, which I think from prior comments may have had some upside. Is that simply just, Jeff, a function of not jumping ahead of the pending SIP deal and the Analyst Day? So how do we sort of think about?
Jeffrey Martin: I think you probably summarized it better than I could. I think both of those points are accurate. And I think, Shar, you have followed our company for quite a while, and I would tell you that we went through a relatively thoughtful process with our Board in 2018 to make sure we had the right strategy. And we really wanted to focus on North American sell non-core assets, make sure we're in the right markets. And I will tell you, if anything about last week in Texas and some of the challenges you're seeing in your industry, if it points to anything it's really the value of investing in the grid. And as you recall from some of our prior conversations, we have specifically avoided the generation marketplace, we've avoided being exposed to commodities and that's why being in a decouple marketplace like California is so important. So, you've seen over the last three years us be able to grow our EPS at about a 14% CAGR. And as we think about 2021, I would probably go back and just mention to you that think about how we did our guidance last year. I think it was on this call that we talked about our guidance last year, and some people were a little bit disappointed in the Q4 call of the 2020 guidance. And you recall, Shar, it was on the Q1 call that we guided to the high end of the range. And later in Q2, we went ahead and revised our guidance upward of $7.20 to $7.80. In the Q3 call last year in November, we guided at the high end of the range and think about what we've done, right? During the pandemic, probably the worst economic downturn in the history of our country, Sempra Energy has produced record EPS, we've produced record earnings and all five business units for the first time in the history of this company, each one of them produced record earnings results. So as we go into 2021, you should expect us to basically continue to look at getting the SIP transaction done, get further along in the execution of our capital program, specifically in our utilities, and come back to you with a view toward trying to always under-promise and over-deliver.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. Thank you, Jeff. Thank you, Trevor. I'll jump back in the queue.
Jeffrey Martin: Thanks a lot, Shar.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Jeffrey Martin: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Hey, Jeff, Trevor. Thank you. I've got a couple of questions. So first just a clarification because I think on the comments, Trevor, you said announce the SIP sell-down by Q2. But if you look at the slide on the timeline, it has the announcement by the -- still by the end of Q1. So is it announced by the end of Q1 and close Q2, or is it announced at Q2?
Jeffrey Martin: I think, the game plan is the slide is correct. We're going to look to announce the transaction and the sell-down next month. We hope to also launch our tender process next month but both transactions, Steve, are geared to close in Q2.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. And then just one other clarification in terms of the transaction being accretive. Would that also be ultimately to earnings per share accretive, not necessarily during '21 but just beyond most likely?
Jeffrey Martin: I'm sorry, Steve, I'm not sure I understood the question. We definitely believe that the transaction will be EPS accretive, if that's the nature of your question.
Steve Fleishman: Great. That's all I -- yes, I just wanted to clarify that. And then maybe, Jeff, you brought up a little bit on Texas. Could you talk a little to how you're thinking about what that event, if anything, means for Oncor and any investment needs? I know at times there's been talk of the utilities maybe doing battery investments or other things that could help out. Do you see any political risk also to Oncor in this process, even though it was clearly not a distribution event? Thank you.
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. Well, look, I would start, Steve, by saying I think the events of last week, which were in the Midwest, obviously in Texas and obviously Northern Mexico as well, they also impacted California, which we're also comfortable talking about if you'd like to go into that, but it was the most important event in the energy markets globally last week. And we've always started by thanking our employees for their hard work in the Dallas community and across North Texas and certainly, there's been a lot of people have been hurt by this and our hearts go out to all those folks. But as for Oncor, you recall that their job is really as a grid operator is to execute the commands of ERCOT in terms of load shedding just to make sure there wasn't a complete failure of the grid. I think one of the things is taking place in Austin today is we're going through legislative hearings. Our CEO, Allen Nye, is going to also testify at those hearings. But I think the most important thing is Oncor stood tall during last week's event. I think they are one of the more positive participants in the overall marketplace. That's also a view shared by the Governor, by the way. And I think what's important as we think about future reforms is I just want to be a little bit cautious, Steve, that we don't front-run the activities that are underway today at the state. There's going to be a full-scale investigation. The Railroad Commission will be involved, the PUCT, the Governor's Office and the PUCT obviously, but and all the interveners in the marketplace. So, I think what will happen from this is you'll probably find opportunities for the state to improve its resiliency. There is also a lot of generation as we've talked about on prior calls, it's in the interconnection queue, and we certainly expect that that will lead to additional investments in the T&D space. But look, I don't want to start talking about capital at this point. I just think that as you think about building that marketplace, which has the strongest economy, at least the growth economy in the country, we don't think that we're going to be spending less capital. We think that spending more capital we'll certainly be part of the solution.
Steve Fleishman: That's great. And just since you mentioned before, just I am curious kind of because I think gas got very expensive in Southern California too, and I don't know if there's any issue in Mexico, but just could you talk about the impacts of that from last week?
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. You'll recall that Texas took up most of the news cycle, but they had a DC time, the Midwest that went down, obviously there were impacts all across into Louisiana, which had some temporary disruptions to our Cameron facility. Cameron is fine and still online and operating well. You'll also recall at one point in time, the Governor issued an order that natural gas in Texas had to stay in Texas to meet electric generation needs first before being exported. That obviously has impacts to Mexico. Mexico had rolling blackouts in four or five of its Northern states. So, we're working very closely with Tania, and you'll recall that we've got seven pipelines where we've moved gas across the US-Mexico exchange. And she was being quite helpful to Texas to make sure that people were not unnecessarily scheduling gas across that interchange, but she was also working very closely with CFE. So, you think about our LNG facility in Baja, which is a giant storage facility, it was critical in that process of serving the needs of Northern Mexico and Southern California. And again, the State of California called on our storage network at SoCalGas, which is a very critical piece of infrastructure here in the state. And what people sometimes forget, Steve, is that California sits at the Western end of the pipeline system. We don't have much, if any, indigenous production of natural gas in the state, so we're very reliant on events outside the state, like you saw last summer, for us to import power from neighboring states but also to import gas, particularly here in the wintertime. So it was a system-wide event in the Western United States, and I think what we feel great about is we really have been hitting this pretty hard with our investment community, Steve, is we are the picks and shovels to the Gold Rush, right? We're the company that's investing in grids, we're investing in storage and we're a big part of the solution today. And I think if you look at where the market is going, I think we've got the wind behind ourselves in terms of our investment thesis and we should expect to see continued strong capital spending across our enterprise.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, thank you.
Jeffrey Martin: Thanks, Steve.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Thanks for taking my question. Good morning, Jeff. Two questions on regulatory or policy theme. First of all, can you talk about when you look at the rate base growth changes, meaning the old forecast and the new forecast, one of the thing that stands out is the Oncor and the SDG&E kind of capital spend trajectory have pretty big step-ups relative to the one you gave last spring. The SoCalGas one much smaller percentage-wise. Can you talk about the opportunity set at SoCalGas, and especially given some of the legislative and policy pushes to limit the growth of the natural gas usage in the State of California?
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. Thanks, Michael for the question. I will tell you that we certainly think that the theme of electrification is a hard secular trend. And I think if you think back to the Oncor acquisition in March of 2018, it was really premised that on that expectation that that trend would continue. So as you see us lay out today, we've currently got 74% of our US utility rate base is exposed to that dominant trend. But I would go back to a point I was making with Steve Fleishman too, which is there is really an untold story of the criticality of natural gas to support the energy transition. So, Michael, 80% of the world's energy emissions today related to carbon come from oil and coal. And by the middle of next decade, the most dominant fuel in the world will be natural gas. In fact, Royal Dutch Shell came out just yesterday and forecasted that the LNG trade would double 2040. So there is a strong recognition that the one country in the world has got it right and has reduced emissions the most has been the United States. So for last two decades, we've led the world in emissions reductions. Number one, by committing to renewable capacity; and number two, making sure we fuel switch from coal to natural gas. So when you come back to California, clearly, Michael, we had blackouts last summer and that was because we were over-reliant on imports. I think there is a recognition that natural gas is the natural partner to renewables, so I think we're going to have headwinds. We've got to tell a better story. The most important thing we can do, and Trevor talked about this, is we have to make sure that natural gas plays the appropriate role, but it's incumbent upon us as a company to limit fugitive emissions around methane. And that is very critical all across this country that we're on top of that. I expect to see the Biden administration likewise continue to regulate that area. But longer-term, natural gas, which we think over time will be replaced by hydrogen and green molecules, that will be the best way to get after heavy-duty transportation and the industrial side of the equation. So electrification can take you so far, but it will be moving from natural gas to hydrogen, we believe, and the green molecules that will support what we need to do to reduce emissions both in industry and transportation. So, I think you're going to continue to see the type of rate-based growth that you see in front of our utilities. And I'll remind you that when we got our rate case at SoCalGas, it basically approved a record capital expenditures because as you go forward in time, Michael, you've got to make sure that you maintain the reliability of that system but also that it maintains it in a safe way. So, we're going to definitely grow our electric side of our portfolio and as you can see by the middle of this decade, we expect to have $55 billion in rate base across those three utilities. We're very excited about.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Jeff. One other question. Mexico, there is some interesting legislation that's been battered around there regarding reforms to the power sector. It seems like that would present some challenges to all privately-held or non-government owned power generation renewable conventional, et cetera. Can you just talk about that or can your team about that whether they think that legislation actually happens and gets done, and what the ramification would be for IEnova?
Jeffrey Martin: Sure, no problem. I think what the administration is looking to do is they've proposed a set of reforms for the power industry. And there is a complex set of things that are embedded in the proposed law, but the one that's probably received the most press coverage is the attempt to really reorder the dispatch curves. As you know, typically market-by-market in the United States, lowest cost generation dispatches first, and particularly plants that have no or zero fuel cost like nuclear renewables. And I think with the downturn in the global economy, you got to remember that Mexico is a member of OPEC Plus, so they are a participant in the oil marketplace. And they have a little bit higher sulfur content in their fuel oil, so this is an opportunity for them to use more of their natural resources in power production. And what they're really trying to do is privilege in that dispatch curve that CFE's oil-fired plants would dispatch first. And the one that impacts the most are the IPP market participants that are actually using oil or natural gas in a competitive format. We're not in that business line. The only electric generation plant we have is connected to California. In fact, it's not even connected to the CFE grid and that provides support here in Southern California. It does impact our renewable portfolio but keep in mind, they're net short in electricity, so renewables will always dispatch. And this -- I think our Renewable business represents about 10% to 15% of the EBITDA in IEnova, and IEnova represents roughly 10% of the overall earnings of Sempra. But we think it's a manageable situation and I would also conclude on one thing, which is if the law is passed and it clears the Senate Chambers in the next two weeks or three weeks, it's got three fatal flaws. Number one, under the Mexican constitution, there is an implied covenant of fair dealings and open competition, so there will be constitutional challenges to the law. Number two, under the USMCA Agreement, there is also a requirement that governmental entities will not be privileged over state-owned entities. And then secondly -- I mean thirdly, we also have arguments that you can't pass it all like that and then retroactively apply it to marketplace without [ph] bilateral agreement. So, we have tried not to be in the middle of that fight, Mike. I think we've really set a course in Mexico to be an active participant in helping Lopez Obrador and his administration be successful. And that's one of the top reasons I think it was important that Trevor said in his prepared remarks that the Ministry of SENER, Rocio Nahle, joined us last week at the Veracruz terminal. We also had senior officials joining us at other development projects. So our goal is to help Mexico be successful. They need more foreign direct investment. They have a deficit in their infrastructure and this administration, fortunately, has been very committed to fiscal discipline. So, I think our job is to make sure that we're working in partnership with the government to advance the government's goals and it'll be interesting to see how the legislation you referred to plays out.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Jeff. Much appreciated.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Michael, for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Hey, thanks for the time. So…
Trevor Mihalik: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning. So a couple of clarifications, if I can go back, from the call here. So first off, with respect to your desire transaction and timing, when you say the timing is separate and parallel, you're not saying that you would close one and say we're going to separate this out. You're just saying that, frankly, you can close on them in parallel but not -- or at least announce them separately, but not necessarily close. That slightly [ph] still encompasses this Mexican tender presumably, right? I just want to clarify that. And then separately, did I hear right that you sort of deemphasized taking assets in-kind or some other kind of asset swap earlier?
Jeffrey Martin: Sure, I'll take both questions. The first is what we're trying to convey is that one transaction does not have to happen sequentially before the other one, right? So these can be pursued in tandem but not chronologically committed to one methodology. We certainly are intent on closing both of them expeditiously, and I would also convey that they're going forward in the ordinary course. We've had no disruption to our expectation. It's probably taken a little bit longer than we might have forecasted before. And I was joking with some people on the team, rarely are we criticized for being overly optimistic when you think about our guidance. But in this case, and I personally take responsibility for it, we thought we could get it done in Q1, but I think we have a high confidence level it will happen in Q2. And then the second part of your question, if you don't mind reminding me, Julien?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah, just were you trying to deemphasize the asset swap side of this or are you thinking it's a cash proceed sale or otherwise?
Jeffrey Martin: No, I think what I'm conveying to you is that we have talked to a broad list of investors, so you think about -- I think we've had this conversation before publicly. You think about focusing on people who are traditional infrastructure investors, and you've talked about focus on people who might characterize the strategics or strategic infrastructure investors. We're looking for people that can come forward and have an identity of interest with Sempra to build a very successful business. We think this platform can grow and we think it can grow aggressively. And what we're really focused on is what investor out there has a shared view of the franchise value of Mexico and a shared view of the franchise value of LNG. And whatever consideration they bring forward, we're certainly open-minded. I would tell you that it's most likely a cash transaction. I've never signaled that a potential in-kind transaction was the most likely. Although, there are opportunities for investors to contribute cash and in-kind investments. I don't see that as a high probability, but we're open-minded about it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent. And lastly, sorry -- if I can clarify this as well. On the use of proceeds question again. You've raised your CapEx, nicely done with this announcement here. When you think about other uses, is there another uptick here in CapEx that we could see? I mean, potentially types of the Texas annual rehash in the fall here, or should we really think about whatever cash proceeds minus this $1 billion, that's principally going to be allocated towards, shall we say, debt buyback dividend et cetera?
Jeffrey Martin: Right. And I think the nature of your question goes to this issue of why we've raised in-kind assets before because as you think about use of proceeds, this entire discussion very much is geared to how much equity do you sell. What's the implied valuation? Because that creates a pool of capital. And is that all cash or is that cash and partly in-kind? And I would tell you, when you think about use in that capital, we've tried to think about all the different permutations of whether it's 50/50 incremental CapEx and debt reductions or some other ratio. And we're pleased to be able to come forward today and mention the fact that even on our slides just in two businesses, we've identified incremental CapEx of $1.1 billion at SDG&E and SoCalGas over the balance of this year and next year. We've talked about in the past, Julien, I think on the Q4 -- on the Q3 call, that Oncor raised its overall capital program from $11.9 billion to $12.2 billion. And this is something we're constantly assessing all the time, so I would not rule out the opportunity for us to source or identify additional CapEx as we go through the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Excellent, guys. Thank you very much. Best of luck.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you for joining us, Julien.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning. With regards to SIP, is your goal to self-fund CapEx through SIP contemplate kind of like the full scope of potential LNG development opportunities there? Are there any other considerations here? And just lastly, just wanted to clarify when you talked about the sell-down being accretive, if that was specific to 2021. Just want to clarify if that was your thought there.
Jeffrey Martin: So what I would say is in terms of accretion, we've always said the transaction is accretive. We haven't talked about years but I would just say generally speaking, the transaction is accretive out of the box. And again, this turns on use of proceeds and the things that I've outlined previously. And I'm sorry, the first part of your question was?
Jeremy Tonet: Just as far as if this JV could self-fund all of [indiscernible].
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah, thank you for saying that. That is definitely one of our goals. They've got about over $1 billion of annual cash flows. So the whole goal of this transaction is to make sure that we continue to unburden Sempra's balance sheet to really grow aggressively our regulated utility platform at the same time that we're freeing up the balance sheet of Sempra Infrastructure Partners to self-fund its growth. So one of the things we've talked about, Jeremy, is making sure that we're working with the credit rating agencies and we've been doing this since last summer to -- when we complete this transaction that Sempra Infrastructure Partners will have an investment grade balance sheet and it will be able to self-fund all of these expected capital needs. The one exception may be Port Arthur, but it depends on how we approach funding out our obligations there and we would even consider bringing in equity partners at the project level if needed.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Thanks. And just a last one if I could. When you read from the 2021 guide there and you talked about switching out the FX and commodity mark-to-markets there, did that have any impact on 2021 at all? Just wanted to be clear on that.
Jeffrey Martin: Well, I would say when you think about year-over-year, obviously in 2020 there were some earnings such as our discontinued operations. I think it was close to $93 million of contributions from our South American businesses before we sold those. Generally, there are positive contributions from the items you just mentioned because they're one-time and they tend to inject a small amount of entropy into our earnings, I think in the conversations we've had with various owners, we think that it's not material. And I think anything we can do to keep doing what we've done over the last three years to improve our earnings quality is really important to our owners and that's why we took that slight change.
Jeremy Tonet: Appreciate that and welcome the change as well. I was just curious when you reaffirm 2021, did that change impact your view on 2021 at all?
Jeffrey Martin: No, it did not impact it.
Jeremy Tonet: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Hey, thanks so much for taking my questions.
Jeffrey Martin: Good morning.
Stephen Byrd: Morning. So yeah, there is -- as you mentioned there is a pretty compelling hearing going on in Texas as we speak. And I guess I wanted to revisit an area that you all focused on in the past, which was energy storage and just get your latest thoughts. And we can certainly extend it beyond Texas, but just lessons learned in Texas as well as in California. Just wanted to make sure I heard your latest thoughts on the potential role of storage and then up in Texas specifically, how you're thinking about that.
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. Look, there is no question that resiliency is becoming a more important theme all across the US energy space, right? So, you saw some of the challenges we had in California last summer. Obviously, the challenges that people met in Texas surprised a lot of people last week. And I think what we really want to do is make sure that people understand the importance of gas storage. So, Texas has a lot of geology that supports natural gas storage. One of the things, Stephen, that you've seen, particularly on the East Coast and the Northeast as you've covered utilities, is the importance sometimes of having liquid fuel on site. So peak-shaving LNG is quite common on the East Coast, I think there's over 50 facilities. So as you think about future solutions for the State of Texas, I think part of it is to make sure that they've got a balanced energy strategy to continue to make investments in green energy. That will require future investments in transmission. But also making sure that not only are the existing natural gas and coal plants properly weatherized, and that includes the nuclear plant that went down last week too, South Texas Power. It also means making sure that you have reliability. And there's this old saying from someone who was an old-timers who one time pointed to a cold stack that's at a power plant and said that's what reliability looks like. Well, I'm certainly not an advocate for coal but I do think that by privileging natural gas storage and the geology that Texas has and looking at ideas either around electric storage or particularly, LNG peak-shaving, one of the things you should expect to do is make sure that they've got the appropriate reserve margin and they've got fuel that is available and callable to meet the needs of the state during events like they had last week.
Stephen Byrd: That's helpful, and maybe just related on transmission. Obviously, your growth in Texas has been fantastic. It does look like the state could certainly use more transmission. I know in general you're supportive of that. From a process point of view and just sort of next steps as we think about Texas and what could come out of all the lessons learned here from what happened last week, how can we sort of think about the potential for further enhancements in transmission, grid reliability upgrades? I think we all appreciate that it's a general opportunity, but just sort of trying to connect the dots to figure out kind of where we go from here and what the process might look like.
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. I said this in an earlier comment, I want to make sure that I don't front-run all the good folks in Texas. If I look at this thing fresh up, we've got Don Clevenger, the CFO of Oncor, on the line. And I'll pass it to him in a minute, but we've recently gone through a strategy session with our Board where we looked at what it takes for the United States to get to net-zero by 2050. And one of the key issues is the most important thing is we march toward more renewables, green molecules, like we talked about before and hydrogen, as a significant expansion of our energy networks. So the biggest issue -- and there's different studies out there. There's a Princeton study and other studies. Some of them even have the electric grid increasing by 5x by 2050. So it doesn't matter what market you're in. This idea of electrification being a hard trend and the idea that distribution and transmission networks need to be extended -- expanded is really, really important. And I think we're as well-positioned as anyone, given our footprint in Texas and California. But maybe, Don, if wouldn't mind talking about your thoughts on Texas. And I know you don't want to get in front of the regulators in terms of what you think might happen, but you may just talk about, Don, how well-positioned you are with 1,100 different points in your system where generators will be connecting.
Don Clevenger: Yeah. Sure, Jeff. Thanks. And that's exactly right. And if you just look at ERCOT queue, putting aside the events of last week, there's 7,200 megawatts of gas under review. There is 26,000 megawatts of storage under review and that's ERCOT-wide. In our system alone, there is 5,000 megawatts of storage, along with 9,000 megawatts of wind and 25,000 megawatts of solar. So there is certainly a lot of opportunity for additional transmission and generation interconnection that's going to come out of that as that continues to develop. And then when you look at just West Texas alone, 40% of the Delaware Basin, the oil and gas facilities -- 40% of the oil and gas facilities out there are on self-generation waiting to be hooked up to the grid, so we're still catching up out there. And the big loops like the Culberson loop out there continues to set peaks every year. So there is still a lot of demand out in that area and we'll continue to build generation out there for the oil and gas, as well as the renewables and the storage.
Stephen Byrd: Really helpful commentary. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: Hi, everybody. Is there a way to quantify or frame the cash flow implications to the Texas freeze events on Oncor and to the extent that there is any at Cameron?
Jeffrey Martin: I'm sorry, would you mind saying that one more time, please?
Ryan Levine: Is there a way to quantify or frame any of the working capital fluctuations or cash flow implications at Oncor from the events of the last two weeks?
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. I would just go back and say one of the interesting things about Oncor just remind you, Ryan, is we're not involved in the commodity marketplace. As you see other participants that have an obligation to go procure gas or generate electricity or produce electricity, we're not involved in that business so we don't have any direct bills to go to customers. We typically bill the retail energy providers. Oncor finished the year -- I think their December 31 balance sheet had about $2 billion of liquidity. So, we don't see any material issues of liquidity anywhere within the Sempra family of companies. And I think, Ryan, this goes back to a point I made a couple of times. We're an infrastructure provider, right? We did not want to own generation, we do not want to be exposed to commodity and we only participate in markets where we're decoupled from the volumetrics exposure of customers' consumption.
Ryan Levine: Okay, so you're not seeing any change in your receivables related to the retail providers or any potential regulatory assets that may accrue related to that?
Jeffrey Martin: So in Texas and in California, there is a moratorium on shut-off, right, and there is a regulatory process that allows you to record regulatory assets. But in terms of liquidity, we don't see anything of significance. And if there is any issues with retailers, one of the things you're seeing in Texas is some of the retailers have raised their hand to be providers of last resort and they tend to be the retailers, Ryan, that have a stronger balance sheet and also own generation, but we're not seeing anything of material concern. And if we do have any bad debt-risk in the future, we certainly have a regulatory model in Texas, in California, where we can file for a regulatory asset.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then within Texas, it looks like you increased your CapEx guidance for 2022. What was the driver of that -- looks like $100 million to $150 million worth of increase?
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. So one of the things we talked about in our prepared remarks was that we see incremental CapEx in California of $1.1 billion. We've also seen, and you may recall this from our Q3 call, we raised our overall CapEx plan in Don's organization over five years by about $300 million. So, they went, Ryan, from $11.9 billion to $12.2 billion. But in terms of maybe providing a little bit more color, Don, about where you're seeing some of those increases in Texas, could you please supplement the response here, please?
Don Clevenger: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Jeff. Yeah, when we raised that by $300 million, the main things we were looking at is continued growth in Texas that just continues to exceed what we project out in each five-year plan, and then an increased emphasis on maintenance as well. Not only traditional maintenance, but system hardening and resilience and we're always looking at what we need to do in that regard, and cyber because cyber is where we also continue to make a very hard to look at.
Ryan Levine: Okay, and then last question from me. Do the events of the last couple of weeks change the conversation around ECA in terms of its use as an import facility or any of the contracts there?
Jeffrey Martin: Now, it's interesting. You recall that we built that facility last decade as a re-gas facility, and it's fully contracted for 20 years and those contracts are in place and it will continue to serve its current role through 2028. And so I think this was just making sure that that facility was available to support both markets in Mexico and the United States, and they have ongoing obligations and contracts with CFE down there. But it does highlight something that's important, Ryan, which is the value of storage. So there's been a lot of, obviously, discussions around the value of electric storage, which I think has a great future, but the value of storage in California and I think the increasing importance of storage in Texas has really been highlighted in the last couple of weeks.
Ryan Levine: Okay, great. Thank you.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Ryan.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey. Good morning, Jeff. Good morning, Trevor. Hopefully, just two quick questions. If I can focus on California first. I guess strong CapEx growth, you got I guess gas rate plan I guess in the decision in 2019 to 2020, I forgot, really supported the gas infrastructure and everything. But is there -- has there been any pushback on bills in California? Given the wildfire spend and you guys are really helping with policy initiatives, have there been any policymakers or parties involved that have pushed back on customer bills?
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. It's interesting. Kevin Sagara is with us on the call as well, but when I was at SDG&E I remember looking at some of the old strategy books from 1987 and 1990, and there was an embodying focus on making sure that bills did not get too high. This is something that we've been very focused on over multiple decades to make sure that the value of what we're providing is consistent with the value of what they're receiving. And I will tell you, we have relatively high rates in California. We expect those rates to go higher because of the needed capital spending, but what's most important and people miss this sometimes is our bills are well below the national average. And that's largely because we have very moderate weather here. And so many parts of the year and many parts of San Diego don't even have air conditioning. So because of the moderate weather, because of the commitment to energy efficiency across the state, you're incentivizing customers to use less. And as you do that, the per unit cost of electricity goes up, right? So rates probably continue to go up. We try to do everything possible to make sure that we meet those needs with energy efficiency and come up with programs to help people save on their bills. But right now, the annual bill is below average for the United States.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And I guess more of a high level, just it seems that the Sempra model capital recycling maybe showing non-controlling interest is maybe getting replicated in the utility space. But I guess I think of the utility space, Sempra may be one of the last one or one of the few non-pure play utilities left. If I could just get your thoughts on being one of the last ones of not being a pure play, just thoughts on that business mix?
Jeffrey Martin: Look, I think for a long period of time, we've tried to say that we want to have the right strategy and we want to make investments that are consistent with areas where we can produce the best financial returns at the lowest risk for our utility investors. And we tend to focus on businesses that have substantially similar cost of capital and a model that provides substantially similar risk-adjusted cash flows. I think we've been successful in doing that and if you've covered the industry for the last couple of decades, you've seen people move into unregulated businesses and out of it. But the common denominator for people who have moved out of unregulated businesses, maybe they had challenges growing those businesses in a way or they've got a straddle or a stray on the issue of having a substantially similar cost of capital. And I think what you're seeing us do is we've made a very clear statement. We're going to be what we think is one of the most important owners of energy networks, specifically utility networks in the country. And we're going to be as well-positioned as any other provider to take advantage of what we think is important trends around electrification. And what you're seeing us do with Sempra Infrastructure Partners is make sure that we've sourced the lowest cost of capital to ensure that that business can self-fund. And when it self-funds, it really unlocks Sempra's balance sheet to continue to fund our priority, which is building out this network platform that we have in California and Texas. So as you see people who cannot grow outside the utility, they may hang a label of simplification on top of it, but you have to look back at how those changes in strategy has been helpful or not helpful to investors. I'm very deferential to how other companies run it but at our company, as long as we have an opportunity to add more value for our investors, I think it's something we're going to [ph] continue to do. And I'll actually add something, which I've been really intrigued by. When you look back over the last 12 months and think about the fact that our stock was trading at about $160 on February 19 of last year and ask yourself, have we added value to our overall franchise, specifically including some of the diversified investments that you're referring to, we've been able to bring two trains at Cameron online. It's transformed our LNG business and led to record earnings last year. We were able to sell both of our utilities in South America and de-risk our business model and bring back $5.8 billion of pre-tax proceeds. We've been able to improve our credit metrics, Trevor talked about this, and strengthened our balance sheet. We finished the year -- we had a target of 16% FFO-to-debt and we finished with 17%, and we're below a 50% threshold in debt-to-cap. We had record capital investments last year across both business lines, utilities and non-utilities of $7 billion. We raised guidance and exceeded guidance. We secured a 10.6% ROE at FERC on SDG&E's transmission assets. We bought back $500 million of stock. We took FID, the only FID in the world around LNG last year, and we announced this two-part SIP transaction. So what you should expect us to do is be very active about de-risking the model, always challenging ourselves about whether our unregulated businesses fit in our portfolio. And actually this underpins our transaction assigning a co-investor that has a shared vision for that business at the same time that we unlock Sempra's balance sheet and support our credit initiatives by ensuring that on a going-forward basis, Sempra Infrastructure Partner both has an investment grade balance sheet and the capability to fund all of its development initiatives.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. That was very helpful, Jeff. Thanks so much and hope everyone stays healthy.
Jeffrey Martin: Thanks a lot. I appreciate you joining us.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. Most of the topics have been discussed. I just had maybe a housekeeping question here. Could you give us some -- remind us on the status of the San Diego franchise negotiations, please?
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. I've got our Group President of California with us, Kevin Sagara. And Kevin, perhaps you could update our audience on where we're at with the franchise.
Kevin Sagara: Thanks, Jeff, and thanks for the question, Sophie. So as you'll recall, last year the city ran a process that culminated a bid from SDG&E. And in that process, there were no other bidders. Since then, we've got a new Mayor, we've got a new City Council and in the spirit of cooperation with that new government, we agreed to extend our franchise out June 1 of this year. We believe the city is getting ready to issue a new ITB. We expect that to come out in the next month, hopefully. And they're tracking currently to the schedule that the Mayor put out when he took office in January, so we feel constructive about the process. As Jeff has said many times before, we're going to put our best foot forward. We lead in all the areas the city wants us to be good in, which is safety, reliability, clean energy, and we firmly believe we're the right partner for the city. So we're just looking forward to the issuance of this next ITB and putting our best foot forward.
Sophie Karp: Thank you so much. That's all from me for today.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Sophie.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research Partners.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, gentlemen. Thank you for taking my call.
Jeffrey Martin: Hi.
Jonathan Arnold: A quick one on the CapEx that you're showing for Infrastructure, the $3.1 billion green wedge. Does that assume your current ownership and proportionate or is there some kind of an assumption around the two transactions embedded there?
Trevor Mihalik: Yeah. Jonathan, that's completely external of the sub-transactions. And nothing has been put into this plan with regards to Infrastructure Partners, and so this really just represents the investments made at LNG and Mexico.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And then if that's the case then could you maybe just bridge the 2020 to '24 plan was I think $4.4 billion between the two segments are now at $3.1 billion. So just a reminder what's going on there, the -- is it a bigger '25 than '20 or something else than sort of timing?
Trevor Mihalik: Yeah. So the difference there from last year to this year is we did put in place the Mexican terminals. So those projects have gone into operations and so that's not reflected in this prospective plan. And then ECA is also now kind of layered in. And while we did have it in last year's plan, we've solidified with the EPC contractor and that's layered in here as well. But predominantly, it's just those projects in Mexico that came online.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, and on the current basis. That's great. Thank you.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks so much, Jonathan.
Operator: That will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Martin for any additional or closing remarks.
Jeffrey Martin: Now, let me just conclude by saying we appreciate everyone attending our call. I'd like to acknowledge the challenges of the last 12 months and the significant impacts that everyone has had. We sincerely hope you all are saying safe and appreciate you taking the time to join us today. Per our convention, please feel free to reach out to our IR team with any additional questions. This concludes today's call. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nelly Molina. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Nelly Molina: Good morning. And welcome to Sempra Energy’s third quarter 2020 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investor section. Several members of our management team are on the line with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra LNG; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Kevin Sagara, Group President; and Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I’d like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company’s most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. All the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for reconciliation to GAAP measures. I’d also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, November 5, 2020 and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide 4 and let me hand the call over to Jeff. 
Jeff Martin: Thanks, Nelly, and thank you all for joining us today. Before I start, I'd like to take a moment to recognize the exceptional work of our 18,000 employees who have been working hard to improve the safety and resilience of the communities we serve. We power thousands of hospitals and emergency service providers, the nation's two largest ports hundreds of clean transit and heavy-duty trucking fleets and essential electric generation. Millions of people count on our critical energy infrastructure and the work we do is a great credit to the dedication and professionalism of all our employees. Last quarter we successfully concluded a two-year capital rotation program where we divested noncore assets and repositioned our business and what we believe are the best markets in North America and we continue to see steady improvements in our financial results. Today we're proud to be reporting strong earnings and reaffirming and guiding to the high end of our full year 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range. Additionally we're reaffirming, our full year 2021 EPS guidance range. Now please turn to the next slide. In addition to improving financial performance, our current strategy of focusing on lower risk T&D investments as the added benefit of producing stable cash flows and improved earnings visibility. In large measure this is a result of strong growth that we're seeing in our California and Texas Utilities where constructive regulation limits exposure to the price and volume of electricity and/or natural gas sold. Also when taken together, our U.S. utilities have a blended authorized ROE of right around 10.1%, which is excellent given the current environment. Adding to the growth profile of our utilities, our North American infrastructure businesses also provide attractive economic returns and are supported our take-or-pay contracts with over 20-year terms on average. As we've demonstrated in Peru and Chile, as well as our renewables business we built strong franchises that competed locally and globally. When we sold those businesses, investors not only bought the assets but also the franchise value we had built up over decades, which was reflected in the premium multiple that we received. Similarly we think we've built a strong franchise in our LNG business and to fund its growth needs, we're focused on sourcing the lowest cost of capital to enhance value to our shareholders. At Cameron LNG we believe cash flows from phase one should cover any required equity for the phase two expansion. Separately at Port Arthur LNG, we're evaluating efficient financing options with a view towards shifting post-FID equity contributions until much later in the construction phase. And at ECA LNG phase one, we estimate that Sempra and IEnova's equity funding to be approximately $250 million for each company. That's why with all this growth in front of us, we're actively looking at different financing structures and different forms of infrastructure and strategic capital. In doing so we think it gives us the opportunity to efficiently fund growth, to highlight the growing value of our LNG franchise and to strengthen Sempra's balance sheet, which is important since we expect to also increase our investments in our utility businesses over the next five years. Beyond highlighting our continued execution and the strong organic growth from our infrastructure platforms, I would also like to update you on the recent recognitions we've received in the area of diversity and inclusion, which I would note is central to how we think about a high performing culture. Please turn now to the next slide. In the last month, we received two awards recognized in Sempra for its industry-leading approach to diversity inclusion. The first was the National Association of Corporate Directors -- NXT award, which recognizes company boards for their excellence in utilizing diversity and inclusion as a strategy for building long-term value for their companies. And the second was the Forbes JUST 100 list, which recognizes companies are doing right by all of their stakeholders. We're proud of the results of our continued focus around people priorities and culture across our management and more broadly our workforce we compare favorably to industry benchmarks and the representation of both women and people of color. We also have a strong record and commitment to supplier diversity. And I think, the key takeaway is we're focused on advancing our strategy in a way that is increasingly responsive to all stakeholders over time. Now please turn to the next slide, where I'll highlight some of our more notable accomplishments for the year. This slide shows why I couldn't be more proud of our team. I won't discuss everything that's referenced here, but several points are particularly noteworthy. This year we launched a record five-year capital plan completed the sale of both our Peruvian and Chilean businesses with cash proceeds of approximately $5.8 billion before tax. Guided to the high end of our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range in May and then raise guidance in June, and now we're guiding to the high end of that increased range. And lastly, we executed a $500 million share buyback. Before turning to the next slide, I wanted to briefly discuss the San Diego franchise agreement. The city charter here in San Diego requires a competitive process to renew the franchise with a view towards getting the best outcome for the residents of the city. And those same residents happen to be our customers as well. So we have a strong alignment of interest here with this city to ensure a great outcome. SDG&E recently submitted a competitive bid and looks forward to concluding the process later this year. But because we are in a quiet period we need to be respectful of the city's process and accordingly, we'll not be able to comment further. Please turn now to the next slide, and I'll turn the call over to Trevor to review some of the more notable operational and financial developments.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. We had several positive developments this past quarter at all of our infrastructure businesses. SDG&E launched a comprehensive sustainability strategy to advance carbon neutrality. This strategy focuses on aspirational goals in environmental stewardship, clean transportation, grid modernization and community engagement, all designed to directly support California's clean energy goals. As part of its sustainability commitment, SDG&E announced its plans to place two green hydrogen projects into service by 2022. While these projects are small in relation to our capital plan, we view them as important steps towards a cleaner energy economy and are an acknowledgment that we have an important role to play. At SoCalGas, we announced that the U.S. Department of Energy awarded funding for three projects advancing clean automotive transportation technologies that we're participating in, including fuel cell technology for trucking and transit and near zero emissions natural gas technology for rail locomotives. This is another demonstration of our commitment to be an integral part of California's clean energy future. In addition, the California utilities received a final decision from the CPUC for approval to recover approximately $935 million related to the pipeline safety enhancement plan. This represents approval for virtually all of the amounts requested in the proceeding. Moving to Texas. Today Oncore announced its 2021 to 2025 capital plan of $12.2 billion. This is an increase over the previous five-year capital plan and is a testament to continued execution by the Oncor team, growth in its service territory and resiliency of its business. Additionally, Oncor issued its inaugural sustainable bonds with proceeds to finance or refinance expenditures with minority and women-owned businesses. Now let's shift to our North American infrastructure businesses. We're pleased that Cameron LNG phase 1 reached full commercial operations in August. All three trains are now generating earnings and cash flows. As a reminder, we expect our share of annual earnings to be approximately $400 million to $450 million with no commodity or volume and our exposure and the contracts are supported by A-rated customers who are also equity partners in the facility.  Additionally, due to the structure of the tolling agreements, Sempra doesn't expect an earnings impact from the recent outages due to Hurricanes Laura and Delta. We continue to work with our partners to ensure the resiliency of the operations. Moving to ECA LNG phase 1. We're continuing to work closely with the local authorities as well as at the highest levels of the Mexican government to advance the export permit process. We're expecting to reach a final investment decision by year-end.  As a reminder ECA LNG phase 1 is fully contracted with long-term take-or-pay contracts. SPAs with Total and Mitsui are each in place for a 20-year term and we have a lump-sum turnkey EPC contract with TechnipFMC.  Shifting to Mexico. We've advanced construction of the Gulf of Mexico fuel terminal network. Once completed, the three strategic terminals which are all backed by dollar-denominated take-or-pay contracts with Valero should contribute nearly 3.4 million barrels of combined refined product storage capacity while improving Mexico's energy security. Notably, the Veracruz terminal is situated in the largest Mexican ports on the Gulf Coast and is expected to be one of the largest terminals in the country. Please turn to slide 9 where I will discuss more detail about Oncor's capital plan. Texas continues to be one of the premium macro and business environments in the United States and Oncor is well-positioned to take advantage of these strong fundamentals. This is demonstrated by an increase in Oncor's five-year capital plan to $12.2 billion projected for 2021 through 2025, which is primarily attributable to supporting new growth across both the transmission and distribution systems, maintaining the transmission system including investments to enhance the safety and reliability of service and continuing investments in innovation and technology.  Overall Oncor's five-year capital plan has increased by over 60% since the 2017 regulatory commitment reflecting the continued growth and critical investments needed to support its customers, the state and the ERCOT market. Please turn to slide 10 where I'll review our financial results. Early this morning, we reported third quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $351 million or $1.21 per share. This compares to third quarter 2019 GAAP earnings of $813 million or $2.84 per share. On an adjusted basis third quarter 2020 earnings were $380 million or $1.31 per share. This compares to third quarter 2019 adjusted earnings of $425 million or $1.50 per share. Please turn to the next slide. The variance in the third quarter 2020 adjusted earnings when compared to last year was affected by the following key items: $56 million of lower earnings due to the sales of our Peruvian and Chilean businesses in April and June of 2020 respectively; $32 million of lower income tax benefits from flow-through items due to the timing of the 2019 GRC final decision at SoCalGas; $32 million of unfavorable impacts from foreign currency and inflation effects at Sempra Mexico net of foreign currency derivatives.  Third quarter 2019 had approximately a $10 million gain and third quarter 2020 had approximately a $20 million loss. $29 million charge related to an energy efficiency program inquiry at SDG&E; $3 million of lower earnings at Sempra Texas utilities, including $21 million from unfavorable weather.  The lower earnings were also due to increased operating costs partially offset by increased revenues from rate updates to reflect invested capital. This was partially offset by $79 million of higher equity earnings from Cameron LNG JV, primarily due to Phase 1 commencing commercial operations and $21 million impairment of non-utility native gas assets at SoCalGas in 2019. Please turn to the final slide. We're pleased to report a successful quarter both operationally and financially. Benefiting from a more narrowed strategic focus, we're reaffirming and guiding to the high end of our full year 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range and reaffirming our full year 2021 EPS guidance range. We remain committed to creating long-term shareholder value, and I could not be more pleased with our overall year-to-date financial performance even in these challenging market conditions. And with that, this concludes our prepared remarks. And we'll stop to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Just a couple of questions here, Jeff. Can we just first – can we touch on some of the moving pieces on sort of the 2021 earnings drivers as you're thinking about it? Especially, as it sort of sets up to be a cleaner year from a business mix perspective, I guess, how do you think about year-over-year growth from your prior revised higher 2020 EPS guidance range, which now actually points to the top end. So what are some of the pushes and takes as you think about 2021 and build off the higher 2020 base?
Jeff Martin: Well, I appreciate the question Shahriar. And I think, I would just start by saying that we feel great about the year we're having in 2021. And I think, I want to emphasize the fact when you think about what the market backdrop is, I think it's one of the toughest situations that any of us have gone through in terms of the COVID, and the impact to our economy. But as you think about 2021, you raised a great point, which is it will be a very clean year for us. It will be the first year you will not see contributions from any of our divested businesses. You recall that, we've divested roughly $30 billion in enterprise value of assets over the last two and half years. And I think the whole goal was to make sure that we improved our performance going forward. So as you look to 2021, I think you should continue to expect that the lead driver for our company will be our utilities, right? So you've got upwards of a $30 billion, five-year capital program dedicated to our regulated investments. You've got a blended ROE across that platform of about 10.1, which is differential in today's marketplace. And to a point that you alluded to next year will be the first year that you'll see full annual run rate earnings from Cameron, which we talked about being in that $400 million to $450 million range. But I do want to mention that, the goal of this whole capital recycling program Shahriar over the last two years was to put this management team in a position where we had a clear field of vision to do one thing, which was improve our financial performance. Now, I was thinking about it coming into this call but if you think back Shahriar to 2019, we began the year with a guidance range of $5.70 to $6.30. And then last year on the Q3 call, we raised the entire guidance range to $6.50 of EPS, and then we delivered the year with an actual earnings number adjusted of $6.78. And that really set us up quite well for 2020. We began this year with $6.70 to $7.50 guided to the high end of that range you may recall on the Q1 call. And then in June, just over a month later we raised the entire range to $7.20 to $7.80. And I think, I call this out on our last earnings call, which you may remember back when we used to provide five-year guidance. I went back and looked at 2016. In five years in advance, we had forecasted an adjusted EPS range of $7.20 to $7.80. So being able to deliver that performance in 2019 and 2020 and now be in a position to your point to guide to the high end of the range, we're going to exceed a 12% earnings CAGR over the last five years. So this idea that, we're going to be nimble we're going to keen to compete our capital and adjust our portfolio to deliver returns, I think has set us up really well for 2021. So I would just conclude on this point. We're optimistic about the returns we can produce next year.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. Terrific. And then just on ECA, I know clearly the gating factor for Phase 1 is the permits. Any sort of updates Jeff at this juncture? And is the perception out there that this process really now relies on a second proposed LNG project. Can you just maybe touch on that? And then what's your sort of stance or threshold in further Mexico investments?
Jeff Martin: Yes, there's a couple of questions embedded there. But I'll start from the top and say that for the ECA project to go forward it is 100% disconnected from another project going forward. So, I think the most important development has caused us to have improved confidence is that we completed the successful consultation down in Baja over the last three weeks. We may have seen that we received a positive vote with strong local support around the 60% level. And what's most important is that sends a strong message to the central government where we've developed some great relationships. So, I think I have been wrong on this before I must confess. We originally thought that how we get this permit with the team in Q4 of last year. But I think what has been the big difference now has been the relationships we've developed and the consultation that occurred down in Baja. The goal here is to get the SENER permit which we're forecasting to get this month that's the authorization to export hydrocarbons off the coast of Mexico. And we also think it's reasonable Shahriar that we will have a final investment decision with the permit this quarter. Transitioning to the larger picture down in Mexico. I think you've heard us talk about this in the past where we're constructive I think over a longer term horizon. I think the short term we definitely envision some headwinds. There have been some dislocations in the market based upon some of the policies and protections around state-owned enterprises. And that's why you saw the IEnova team earlier this year adjust their plans. And namely they backed off on just over $200 million of capital for 2020 and that was designed to free up cash to support an opportunistic share repurchase program. They have bought back to date I believe roughly 77 million shares which has increased Sempra's ownership in that public company to the 70% level. And I think when you trace that through they put about $230 million to work in their share repurchase program. And their approach very similar to ours at Sempra is to be opportunistic when they think the market supports that. And then I think the final update I would say is I recently cut their dividend. So, they're doing all the things you expect them to do to preserve the value of the business and be opportunistic about positioning the business for more value. And the dividend cut is really designed to bolster liquidity and short the balance sheet. So, I would just say big picture the focus of Sempra LNG and the focus of the IEnova is really about getting the ECA project launch which is a very, very big project. It will be the largest construction project in the history of Baja California I think we're very well positioned to execute it.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then Jeff just one last one for me. A little bit more of a strategic question for you is Sempra is effectively one of the last sort of hybrid utilities will be with the scale of the infrastructure investments that you have. So, it's been a big theme this year by derisking about simplifying. So, I'm just kind of curious what are your thoughts on sort of the overall business mix, especially if your stock really never gets the value that it really does deserve when do you and the Board start to like maybe consider options and rethink the current strategy?
Jeff Martin: Yes, I would say one of the things that's embedded in your question Shahriar is you should assume that we're doing that all the time. I think sometimes outside perception is that a Board of Directors or a management team will have a strategy session once a year. That's not the way it works with Sempra. And I think as a credit to our Board and our management team, you can't find another company in our space that's had the transactional activity we've had in the last 24 months. So, you think about transaction on enterprise value roughly $30 billion of transactions in two years. It's a pretty sweeping change to our portfolio. And you couple that with the earnings performance that we've demonstrated over the last two years we have something special going on the company in terms of a unique growth and income story. And I'm not here to tell you that the market gets it right every day. But I do believe in efficient markets over time we certainly think our stock is undervalued. And that's why you saw it be proactive this summer in terms of executing the share repurchase program. But I will tell you this we're not wedded to any single asset. So, if there's opportunities or dislocations in the marketplace you should expect us to look for them. And let me highlight one example for you that I referenced in my prepared remarks, when you think about the LNG space as a vertical category we have a pretty confident view that we've got a leading franchise in North America. It's well-capitalized. I think there's a series of built-in competitive advantages that allows us to access both the Asian market in a unique way as well as being able to dispatch directly into the Atlantic. And if you look Shahriar at the runway of growth in front of our LNG business, it's differential from any other company in North America. So in my prepared remarks, one of the things I highlighted is that, we're actively looking at ways that we can create more value of the portfolio and really compete, different sources of capital, so that we can fund growth. Our goal obviously is to source the lowest cost of capital to fund that growth, but I want to be very clear, where also Shahriar looking for ways to highlight value for our shareholders. And strengthen our balance sheet. So as I thought about, this call today, we went back and looked at some of the transaction values in the marketplace. And a lot of the research work around our business, we'll show people in the sum of the parts analysis looking at our LNG business at nine or 10 times EBITDA. But you look at some of the transactions and some of them are quite recent whether it's co-point Sempra Energy Partners is a variety of transactions where there's value being highlighted in the marketplace. And you're seeing those, chart go off at 12 times to 14 times. So, there's certainly a dislocation between the, value being attributed to our portfolio. And that's why I would say, that the bottom-line is, we think there's a lot of franchise value, in our LNG business. You saw that show up, in how we transacted around wind and solar. You saw that franchise value in the transaction multiples in Peru, in Chile which went off at 16 times and 17 times. So one of the things I can commit to you is, we're going to be active. And we're going to be active about driving value for our shareholders. I certainly agree with you that, we haven't seen that show up in our stock price. But we will not be standing still.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. That's very helpful, Jeff. And thank you Justin and Trevor. Hi guys.
Jeff Martin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll now take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. So sorry I -- my question actually was related to that last question in the comments you made in your remarks about, looking at different financing structures and strategic capital for the LNG projects. And I guess my question there is, when you make that comment is it more for each individual project, as you're thinking about that, or is it for kind of the business as a whole?
Jeff Martin: Right. Well let me start Steve by saying, we appreciate having the opportunity to participate in the conference over the last couple of weeks. I know I didn't participate on the day that the conference actually went off. It's always a conference, we look forward to. So, as we think about, the options we're looking at. And you can go back and review my prepared remarks we're active in both regards. We're looking at both, financing options and financing structures at the project level and at the portfolio level. And to be very specific, we're also looking at both, infrastructure and strategic capital.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. That's helpful. And the -- I guess there's a balance between value and then, you're actually particularly on Cameron, good earnings out of the business. So when you think about, kind of, value creation, how are you just thinking about that aspect, in terms of -- I guess, really making some things may be accretive or not, or how are you thinking about that?
Jeff Martin: I think you can go back. And look at our track record. As we look at, things that we divest and things that we invest in, we always do it through the lens of accretion. I think the three comments I've made, I think twice now on this call, is we're looking to source lowest cost of capital to fund growth. We're looking to highlight value. And certainly we feel quite constructive about looking at things which are only accretive. But I also think that in doing so, this is not just an academic exercise. I think that our partners particularly in the, LNG space really think that one of the things that's unique about our LNG story is the strength of financial commitment behind that business. And particularly in this marketplace, I think it has really allowed us to have a more competitive position, particularly relative to our peers here in North America. So, I would just say it's about funding growth efficiently. It's about highlighting value and accretion. And it's about supporting our balance sheet.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. That's helpful. I’ll let others ask question. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thanks for joining Steve.
Operator: Thank you. We'll have next from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Hi. So perhaps just to pick up, Steve. This is the game [ph]. Just to be very clear about your thoughts on, buybacks, right? So obviously you did some early this summer. Perhaps less so this quarter, how are you thinking about capital allocation in the nearer term sense here? I mean, obviously, think you're fairly clear last quarter. So I just want to make sure we're hearing you right as to how you're thinking about some of the nearer term priorities for capital?
Jeff Martin: Well, I think if you go back to the early part of the year, we announced what was our largest ever five-year capital program of just over $30 billion to $32 billion of capital over five years. And that's completely geared towards supporting the growth in our regulated business. As you heard Allen talk about, or at least we talked about with Allen in our script. The growth we're seeing at Oncor and he's always got another $750 million of capital outside of that plan that they've circled in their tracking, which could also increase. So our job is to continue to find ways to produce what we think is the differential growth and income story. We're going to support our dividend. We're going to manage our balance sheet and we're going to fund the growth that's right in front of us. If there's times where we see a dislocation in the marketplace Julien like you and I have talked about before, we will always look for opportunities to be opportunistic around the share repurchase program. I think you've seen IEnova take that approach. Obviously you saw us do that earlier this summer. Having that dry powder with the $2 billion approval by our Board is very helpful. It's something we constantly look at and it's available to us. And it's going to be driven by where we think that we can produce the most value. So you saw a decline in our stock price, in the mid part of the summer and we were active there. But we're also going to meet the growth needs. So it's a balancing issue. It's something we look at a lot Julien. We don't take a firm view and now a “$2 billion program”. That authorization is there to let us do what we've done in the past, which is approach it opportunistically to create value.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Let me give an overview of what’s happened, you all talked about upside potentials previously upwards of $1 billion. You raised I think I'm going to call it just $300 million of late. How do you think about feathering in further outside capital and Oncore in this $300 million relative to the larger numbers you guys have talked about as some of the potentials there earlier?
Jeff Martin: Yes. So, obviously, we own right over 80% of Oncor. This is an investment that we think very highly of. So when you think about our commitment to invest in T&D assets or assets that have T&D level risk. One of the things that Allen outlined in our analyst conference was some incremental capital opportunities between right around $770 million to $1.17 billion of incremental capital. We think that a lot of that opportunity is still there that's outside of this $12.2 million. But I would just comment that we have a strong view about our ownership position in Oncor. We certainly do not see any need to bring in outside third-party capital to support that. In fact we'd love to own more of that business. But let me stop and bring Allen in and Allen perhaps you can talk about the current market environment and growth you're seeing on your system, which I think called as all of us to have more confidence about being able to better serve Texas customers.
Allen Nye: You bet, Jeff. And thanks for the question Julien. First the incremental capital point just to reiterate, we're doing two things today. One, we've increased the five-year plan by $300 million. And then we're also adding another year right at the back end of the plan for 2025 another strong year at $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion. So we do feel good about growth and where the state is going where our company is going. As Jeff said the $12.2 million is separate and part of the incremental capital that we talked about before. So if you look back at my last analyst presentation as Jeff said, I think we had a slide around 775 to 1.275 in incremental capital opportunities above and beyond that. That is still available. That is not diminished by this increase today. And if we see -- we try to be conservative in our planning. But if we see growth, really strong growth continuing at levels that exceed what we're anticipating now if we get oil and gas returning to pre-COVID or beyond levels, or if we continue to see really strong growth in renewables I'll talk about in a second. Then we may be back with more at some point. But we feel very good about the $12.2 million over $5 million based on what we're seeing on our system now and our conservative planning approach. With regards to the growth that Jeff mentioned, when we talk about growth on our system there's several criteria we look at. One is obviously serve new. It's basically the number of new premises or a number of new meters on our system. Notwithstanding, all the challenges of 2020, we did around 64,000 and we added about 64,000 last year in 2019. We added 21,000 in the third quarter of this year and we're on track to be right on top of our 2019 number. So, notwithstanding economic downturn COVID and all the fun of 2020, we feel good about our new service coming in basically where it was last year. On the transmission side, we generally have two buckets, retail points of interconnection and generation points of interconnection. Retail is slightly down. However, generation interconnection requests are significantly up and far exceed the decrease on the retail side to the point, where we're anticipating, we'll have probably our highest level ever of total transmission POI requests that we have active at any given time. We have I think, about 275 in the queue right now. So, growth remains strong. We're still clicking along at about a 2% premise growth. Transmission POIs look good. And obviously, based on the move we made today on CapEx, we feel good about growth moving forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to spend some time on California. I guess, first just talking about the event all move away from methane. I know, you've been a thought leader in approaches there. I was just curious, in terms of your dialogue with regulators and legislators et cetera, just sort of generally the feedback you're getting and your sense of potential sort of concrete next steps or is this just a very long gradual process? How do you kind of see that unfolding?
Jeff Martin: Yes. Thank you for the question. And I'll pull Kevin Sagara, our Group President for California into it momentary. There is a process underway at the PUC to look at a phased approach to how we integrate a natural gas strategy over multiple decades to help decarbonize the state. But I might start just with a little bit of a perspective, nationally. I think that, over the last several decades, Stephen, the United States has led the world in reducing energy-related emissions. The IEA came out with the study in February that showed that emissions globally were flat in 2019, but they -- of all the nations in the world, it was the United States that led the declines in 2019. So, we grew our economy at 2.3% and reduced our energy-related admissions by 3%. And in that study, what they indicated was, you saw declining emissions in OECD nations and increasing emissions in the developing world. And since the year 2000, we've led the world an absolute decline in emissions where currently one giga ton of carbon below the 2000 period here in the United States. And with the IEA credit, the massive build-out of renewables combined with support from natural gas and switching from coal to natural gas. So I think, it's a case study and is being viewed that way all around the world about the importance of getting LNG into developing markets, whether it's China or India or Malaysia or Vietnam or Thailand, they have the opportunity to build a lot of renewables and not back it was cold, but supported with natural gas. So, I think that thesis is still in over Stephen and how people are thinking about LDCs particularly in Europe. Today, LDCs have outperformed U.S. LDCs by 30%. And the narrative in Europe is there is a clear recognition that LDCs are a big part of the solution by taking exogenous methane in the form of renewable natural gas and putting that into the distribution system. And second, leading the world in not only producing hydrogen, but distribute it across transportation and industrial usage and power production. So, I think there's a thesis around methane that is really, really important that you can capture scaping emissions and you can be very proactive in terms of how you address environmental issues, but it is a core part of how we will support an energy transition globally. And I think, the blackouts from this summer have had a big sea change in the state in terms of how we think about the long-term role. But perhaps Kevin, you could talk about some of the things that are actively underway to support natural gases roll in California?
Kevin Sagara: Thanks, Jeff. Yes. Let me tell you, why we're so excited about the gas company's leadership position and energy transition. My optimism really springs from a couple of areas. One, it's what we're doing now; and two, it's how we are aligned with energy policy in California. The gas company has an important role in the energy transition in California. Today, we have established a voluntary goal of having 5% of our core gas come from renewable natural gas by 2022 and 20% by 2030. Right now we're flowing 100% California produced renewable natural gas for all of our compressed natural gas refueling stations in our service territory. We will have reduced our fugitive methane emissions by 20% by 2015. This they have a goal to do that by 2025. So we're five years early in meeting the state mandate. We're also accelerating like Jeff talked about innovative technologies like renewable natural gas and hydrogen. And I'm really excited also about opportunities in carbon capture, our infrastructure to play a role there as well. Those are the things that we're doing. So now let's focus a little deeper on how we're aligned with the three legs of the energy policy stool in California. Those legs are clean energy safety and reliability and affordability. In the area of clean, undoubtedly we need and we'll see increasing penetration of renewable energy and electrification in this state. However, natural gas is a fundamental component of getting higher penetration of renewable resources on the grid. Batteries are expensive, we can't provide the long duration of storage, we need at times. During certain periods in the summer with 80% of our power was coming from gas and a little bit from coal. In August, like Jeff mentioned, there were blackout. And when the sun went down, I remember one day, you got about a system peak in California about maybe 50 or 60 gigawatts. And 29 gigawatts were coming at that point when the sun went down from gas we were getting one gigawatt from batteries. And so that was a real warning shot for the state that gas infrastructure is important. And really gas infrastructure enables more renewable energy. When you think about it, you want to get more renewables on, you got to have more back up and that comes mainly in the form of gas. In the area of safety and reliability, again gas backs of renewables for the reliable grid and in safety, it's obviously our number one priority. And that emphasis has been reflected in our most recent rate case, our PSEP decision that Trevor mentioned in his opening remarks. The CPUC is providing us the capital necessary to keep the gas system safe and reliable thus aligning with the state's priorities of a safe and reliable energy system. And lastly, the gas system is an affordable second energy system for our customers. The average natural gas bill is something around $40 a month and stakeholders in California recognize the increasing importance of on affordability as we execute this transition. So super excited about this energy transition you can watch on we're going to be leading at SoCalGas in this area.
Jeff Martin: The only other thing I would add Stephen too is that, if you look at natural gas penetration rates, I think you'd be hard-pressed to find anywhere in the country, where you have a 90% penetration rate like you see in Southern California with one of the largest population centers in the country. So look, we're going to be thoughtful. We're going to partner with the governor. We've made a commitment to do that. I think there's a growing recognition that there's a transition here. And natural gas is part of the answer to help us get higher renewable penetration rates. And I think Kevin made that point, there's an efficient frontier and California is setting the record in the world for renewable penetration on electric system.
Stephen Byrd: That's really a thorough answer. Maybe just one follow-up on an element there. Just following up on the blackout that we saw this summer. I saw the root cause assessment that came out. You mentioned this in your response to my first question. Just curious, how is the states sort of thinking through mean that's kind of – it's a sign. I mean the state has a long way to go still to add more renewables. So for having blackouts at this stage. I think that's kind of a warning sign in terms of just some changes that need to be made. How is that dialogue sort of playing out? And what might come out of sort of that root cause assessment and desire to make sure you don't have further blackouts in the future?
Jeff Martin: Yes. Thank you for the question. I think that you have a lot of people that take a lot of pride in California about being a leader around the clean energy transition. This is something that the state cares a lot about all the utilities up and down the state are committed to supporting it. But when you think back about how challenged our system was you build the system in all your integrated resource plan in around a one in 10-year event. People are concluding that maybe it was a one in 30 event or one in 35 event. There's a couple of things that were uncovered, which I think they're really taking to heart in California. The first of which is, the imports in the state routinely run between 20% and 30%. So what happened during this southwest weather event was, a lot of the generation in Nevada and Arizona that we would otherwise rely on, which is all-natural gas and coal particularly at certain times during the day, was not available because it was being used in those states for cooling and air conditioning. Secondly, when you look at our state, you may have been late in the afternoon where you're getting a lot of solar contributions, but there wasn't sufficient ability to basically load follow. So, you've got really two issues here. One is California's energy and secure. We rely too much on imports and we need to build more generation in the state so that we're not reliant and dependent on other states. And number two, when you have a one in 30 event like that it causes you to go back and look at how you do your integrated resource planning to support your reserve margin. So typically this data has looked at between a 15% and 17% required reserve margin by utility as you procure your resources. And that has an implied value of signs of solar with resource adequacy and implied value to win. All those assessments have to be revisited to make sure that we have a larger more reliable reserve margin. So, I think the outcome from this will be the existing natural gas plants will be repowered. The state needs more peaking natural gas generation. You will see more electric storage put on in the state, and you need to see a lot more capacity built in the state of California. So there will be a process that takes place between the three energy agencies, the California Energy Commission, the California independent system operator in the CPUC, it's about being less reliant on third-party states. It's about revisiting our one in 10-year analysis and making sure that we revisit the capacity value that we allocate to planning around solar and wind.
Stephen Byrd:
.:
Jeff Martin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning. Just wanted to circle back to Oncore for a minute if I could with the capital plan, and if you could talk a little bit more on the specific customer growth you're assuming under your updated plan here? And does this kind of bake in kind of the current trajectory in West Texas as it is? And I guess trying to feel out what type of sensitivity, what type of upside is possible if the commodity price environment does improve there?
Jeff Martin: Yeah. Let me make a couple of comments. And Allen, you can feel in behind me. But I just want to recharacterize, when people think about West Texas, they think about the Permian and the Delaware Basin, it's really important to understand that what producers are trying to do right now is lower their marginal cost of production. And there is a huge benefit to be able to attach to the grid instead of self generating. So a lot of what the capital that's being deployed by Allen right now in West Texas is largely been approved and locked in for the next two years. And there's still a lot of demand for more infrastructure in that region because it's viewed as making their production more competitive. And then secondly, we usually circle something around 70,000 new meter additions a year. Allen can update on that. But I just think going through this pandemic and going through the disruption we've seen, Texas today has roughly an 8% unemployment rate against something here in California, which is closer to 12%. We think that Texas will be a big part of our nation's economic recovery and we think Oncor is as well positioned as any company to benefit from what we're forecasting in Texas. But perhaps Allen, you could provide some color behind my comments.
Allen Nye: Yeah. Thanks, Jeff. And Jeremy the direct answer to your question as to what's in our kind of plan with regards to customer growth is for the last few years, we've seen 2% premise growth, which is around that number of premises that Jeff spoke about a minute ago. And that's what we have currently in this 12.2 five-year plan we're assuming 2% -- continued 2% premise growth. So when you think about things that could lead to increased investment. If we were to get things -- like I said before, if we could get residential or rather premise growth in excess of what's been planned or another example, which I gave earlier was, things returning to normal or better than normal in the oil field. That's a couple of examples. Obviously, a quicker or more aggressive implementation of renewable power. Texas already leads the nation in renewable power, but there is currently more than 100,000 megawatts of renewable, be it solar, wind or storage, in the queue at ERCOT to the extent that that manifested a little higher than a historical average of 30% or 40%. Those things would all be drivers that could ultimately end up increasing our CapEx. When you look at West Texas particularly, we're actually seeing some pretty good signs in West Texas, a couple that -- frankly were counterintuitive to me, just based on the fact that I know a lot of our customers out there have been significantly impacted. But if you look at ERCOT data, month-over-month demand in the Far West Texas region is actually up every month in 2020 versus the corresponding month in 2019. So demand in the Far West Texas region for every month in 2020 is in excess of 2019 month-over-month. So that's one. Two, Delaware Basin, we serve the portion of the Delaware Basin that we do on what's called the Culberson Loop, which is a transmission loop system that we have out there. The 2019 peak on that system was 550 megawatts. On September 25 of this year, we saw a peak of 678 megawatts. So while we're undoubtedly seeing impact to our customers in the West Texas region, we're seeing some really positive trends with regards to consumption. So there’s hopefully light at the end of the tunnel there. But if West Texas -- if oil and gas activity returns to pre-COVID levels or there above, or if we see some of these other positives from generation or customer growth, those are generally the kinds of things. There are certainly more -- those are the kinds of things that would drive increased capital allocation.
Jeremy Tonet: I think, Allen or likely Jeff. One of the things we've talked about that you might want to share is, we had a really major legislative development last year with act of 1938. And maybe talk about the overlay of that on top of the market description you just gave.
Allen Nye: Yes, I'd be glad to Jeff. So just to refresh you all, 1938 which was passed out the legislature last year and signed into law effectively put into PURA, the current construct in ERCOT, which allocates transmission projects based on ownership of endpoint, substations more or less. And so, when you think about generation development, when you think about transmission point of interconnections, when you think about adjusting the grid as we shift to more renewables and the impacts you have when you reallocate the flows around the system, to the extent those require transmission upgrades or additional greenfield transmission projects, those projects would be allocated to the owner of the endpoints based on the 1938 now allocate -- are now rather codified into PURA law. We own more than 1,100, probably closer to 1,200 of those endpoints substations. So we believe we're fairly uniquely situated to capture a significant part of that growth. Thanks, Jeff
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Allen. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Thanks for that. And then maybe kind of pivoting here and recognizing that this dynamic impact appears far more than you, but how are you finding the insurance market in California, specifically for wildfire insurance here? And does your risk profile of your system relative to tiers benefit your ability to secure cost-effective coverage? And do you anticipate any changes here given the record prior season?
Jeff Martin: Thank you for the question. I'll go back and talk about our original thesis where we're trying to build a portfolio. It's really focused on T&D investments or investments at T&D-like risk. When you bring that into California, we certainly have received a differential approach by the insurance companies in terms of how they think about our risk relative to our peers. I'll pass it over to Trevor to provide a little bit more color about our insurance program.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Yes. So, Jeremy, we have not had a problem procuring insurance and we've got a separate wildfire tower of over $1 billion. And we're getting it at very competitive rates. And in fact, we were also able to put out cat bonds this year at under 10%. So from our perspective, given all the technology and what SDG&E has done to fire harden the system and around the fire sciences, we are recognized differentially within the insurance markets. And procuring insurance at competitive rates is something that we're able to do fairly efficiently and effectively.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. I’ll stop there and leave questions for others.
Jeff Martin: Appreciate it.
Operator: Okay. We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my questions and congrats on progress during what's been a crazy year. Jeff, in your remarks at beginning you hit a specific detail to reference potential financing options for both Cameron 436 and Port Arthur. Can you give a little more of the detailed update on kind of what's you're expecting progress wise for both of those in terms of; a contracting; and b, going to FID? And then just broadly, kind of, the broader macro environment for incremental U.S. LNG or U.S. Liquefaction?
Jeff Martin: Sure. Well, first off let me say thank you Michael for joining our call. And we've got Justin on the line with us. And what I'd like to do Justin, if you don't mind perhaps tackle the macro side first and then come back and maybe provide a project-by-project update on the progress we're seeing around our contracting of capacity
Justin Bird: Sure. Thank you, Jeff and thanks for the question Michael. In terms of the market, I think, we're seeing continued growth in U.S. LNG exports this year, clearly dampened a bit by the hurricane season, but it looks like frankly LNG exports could set a record in November. It's really being underpinned by increasing demand and stronger prices in Asia. We're also seeing stronger prices in Europe. Prices in Asia have actually tripled since the summer. And really we think it's a demonstration that LNG demand growth is driven by recovery in global GDP unlike oil, which really is at mobility or transportation fuel. In terms of the longer-term in the LNG market we still think we'll see some short time oversupply. But we think over the medium term, let's call it 2023-2025 we see that the lack of FIDs over the past recent years will create a situation where demand will exceed supply and we see that continuing. I think for us it's importantly because as Jeff mentioned, he talked about our uniquely positioned LNG business I think we have an opportunity to really capitalize. We will have Pacific and Atlantic access. We're bolstered by Sempra's strong balance sheet. And we have and continue to create strong relationships and partnerships in the LNG space. So we think our business, our franchise will be more successful over the medium and long term. In the short-term let me talk about our development projects. As Jeff mentioned in his prepared remarks, we are hoping to take FID and plan to take FID at the end of -- during this quarter prior to the end of the year. The offtake for that project is completely sold. And shifting to Cameron phase 2, we are continuing to work with partners on optimizing the design of that phase, really building on the strength of Cameron phase 1 and leveraging that to really create expansion and brownfield economics. In terms of the timing of that development, we are progressing and we're working closely with the partners, but we don't have a specific time line for that. On Port Arthur, we previously announced that we were delaying final investment decision to 2021 and that's based on where we are what we're seeing in the market. But we are seeing a little bit of rebound in the short-term market. We're frankly seeing some challenges -- practical challenge just as a result of COVID. LNG tends to be a face-to-face business. And although, we are all starting to use conference calls it's still I would say slowing down the process a bit. We still have continued conversations. We're continuing to co-develop with Saudi Aramco, and we think Port Arthur really has the opportunity to be not only a successful first phase, but truly one of the great LNG mega projects in the world. So again, we're very excited about our development prospects. As we've previously stated, we will not develop a project until the market is ready for it. We are -- show a tremendous level of capital discipline. We at Sempra LNG compete for our capital. And really we're here to create value for Sempra's shareholders. So we think we have uniquely positioned franchise and we see both in the short-term and then the medium to long-term continued success.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. I had a follow-on, but it's very unrelated. It's probably for Allen. Just curious Allen, any thoughts if I remember correctly Oncor has got to file a rate case next year. Any thoughts on; a, given the just the broader economic environment with COVID you could delay or push out that rate case; and b, if you can any kind of early read on whether this is kind of a move-the-needle type of request, or is this just a mandatory coming back in, but it's not something that's going to drive significant rate pressure on the customer?
Jeff Martin: Go ahead Allen.
Allen Nye: Sorry Jeff. You're 100% correct. We are required by PUC rule to file our next rate case by October 1 of next year. And so we're currently planning on that, working on that. You're also 100% correct, very unusual test year to say the least. Now we will -- we have the opportunity to make no measurable changes and normalize some of our test year data. But it's unquestionably going to be an unusual test year. I think there are four rate cases presently scheduled for the PDC to hear next year. Ours is, obviously the biggest. I have not had any discussions or received any feedback so far from the Commission as to whether they would like to delay. Certainly to the extent the state would like us to delay. It's something we always work very well with the state and the intervenors and we would consider that. It's just not a topic that we've addressed yet. With regard to what we'll be asking for, we're putting that together right now. We haven't been in a few years. So we'll just have to wait and see. I can't really predict what we'll be asking for. We're obviously cognizant of what other utilities and their experiences recently at the commission. I would just simply say, their rate cases are obviously very specific, specific to the time you file, who the utility is and what the facts and circumstances are. And I think our history has shown we have good relationships. We've been a good player, a good supporter of ERCOT market. We've done everything the commission has asked us to do. So we feel like we're in a good position going into next year. To the extent we have to file, we're anticipating that we will unless we hold otherwise. And we're anticipating that we'll do what we've always done and we'll work with stakeholders and we'll try to come up with something amicable and reasonable for the customers and for us. But that's kind of where we stand on the rate case. That answers your question.
Michael Lapides: Now that’s super helpful Allen. Much appreciate it. Thank you guys.
Allen Nye: Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thanks Michael.
Operator: We'll hear from Ryan Levine with Citi.
Jeff Martin: Good morning Ryan.
Ryan Levine: Good morning. In light of the 2035 the California electric vehicle policies, what are your current thoughts around incremental infrastructure needs to prepare for these policies to enroll to semper play in this trend in light of the strong adoption rates in the in San Diego market? 
Jeff Martin: Thank you for that question. We do have a leadership position in the San Diego region with respect to electric vehicles. I think we've got roughly 60,000 on our system today which scores very high on a per capita basis. And I got to tell you, I recently published an article in the World Economic Forum about the importance of clean transportation. And I was quite auditory about Governor Newsom's leadership position here. So this -- I said this earlier in my comments, this is a state that's justifiably prideful about their leadership position around all issues of clean energy. And when you think about -- I think statewide, it's roughly 40% of the greenhouse stack is associated with transportation, here in the San Diego region, it's just over 50%. So a lot of times people who talk a lot about the clean energy transition we'll focus on things which are relatively small and don't move the needle. This is probably the most complicated issue globally, if we're going to be successful about combating climate change. And I really think the state is real committed to progress here. And the final comment before I pass to Kevin is, people don't fully understand the circuit-by-circuit changes you have to make is utility, what we refer to as make ready work. You start adding two or three electric vehicles to a street. You've got to upgrade the electrical system.  So there will be a tremendous amount of distribution infrastructure that will be required to accommodate the type of penetration we're expecting to see with electric vehicles. And Kevin perhaps you could talk about some of the things at SDG&E during this area.
Kevin Sagara: No. Thank you for that question Ryan. We are really excited about the Governor's executive order. At SDG&E, we've gone a long way already of having a significant amount of work around charging for electric vehicles. Some of our newer programs have to do with exploring vehicle to grid. And so taking like school bus fleets or something and charging those at the right time and then pulling only electricity offer at another time like Jeff mentioned all the make ready work presents a big capital opportunity for SDG&E over time. And as Jeff mentioned at the beginning, we're not going to get where we want to go from a climate perspective and carbon -- reducing carbon intensity without addressing the transportation sector and that's why this executive order was so important. And like we said a big opportunity for SDG&E, but also at SoCalGas, right? And so we can see on the medium and heavy-duty side, we've got by 20, 45 go to zero-emission vehicles there. And so when you think about that particular segment right now there's some back of clarity whether it's electric or hydrogen fuel cells, but my own belief is we're leaning more toward the hydrogen side. And like we've spoken about in the past refueling opportunities around hydrogen fuel cells and hydrogen itself for the gas company is a tremendous opportunity. So it's going to help both companies a lot and we're happy to see this.
Jeff Martin: I would also add Ryan that Trevor and I are also Board members in Oncor and Allen puts on a really thoughtful strategy session every fall. And Trevor and I just in the last couple of weeks joined Allen and one of the things we talked about really is the opportunity for clean transportation in Texas. What's unique in a lot of Allen service territory is the commute time in Texas is shorter than it is in many communities in California. So certainly we think Texas is not going to move at the same pace as California. But going back to his footprint in the state of Texas, this is another long-term upside for that franchise.
Ryan Levine: Great. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. You will hear next from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning, Jeff. Good morning, Trevor.
Jeff Martin: Good morning.
Anthony Crowdell: Just hopefully two quick questions. Jeff, one is the LDC multiple valuation multiples have really come in maybe over the last 12 months. I'm curious if you think that's more temporary or is that something that's going to continue just for the next couple of years?
Jeff Martin: Yes. Thank you though. For many of us who have been around the industry for a long period of time. We've traditionally seen LDCs trade at a premium to electric utilities largely because natural gas could be stored. It was viewed by many as being more lightly regulated whereas electricity largely SBUs instantaneously intensely more politicized. I would tell you I think that in my personal view I think it's temporary. And here's my base case for that. I was moving into takeover and run SDG&E in the fall of 2013, I think I stepped in in January of 2014. And many of you will recall one of the common themes in our industry was the death spiral of utilities, particularly electric utilities and how embattled they were going forward. And I think what people couldn't see at that time was that they were taking steps particularly on the power generation side to change the feedstock for power generation. As you decarbonize that commodity, it became a real weapon to actually electrify the United States and compete on the transportation side, which was similar to Ryan's question just a few minutes ago. So an entire new landscape opened up in front of those electricity businesses. And now we all talk about electrification like it's a secular trend and it is. I personally think it is one of the most dominant trends in our industry is electrification, but if you go back six or seven years, there were a lot of dark clouds on the horizon to the electric business. And I will tell you I think the European sentiment is further ahead of the United States in this area. There is a growing recognition outside the United States that a central player in leading energy transition will be our LDCs. That's because they've got this prior investment, which is quite significant and they've got a leadership position if you go country-by-country and continent-by-continent most of the hydrogen work is being led by LDCs. And that's one of the reasons that I've been participating in the World Economic Forum is to help us track some of the new developments in this area. We think that SoCalGas, which is the largest LDC in the Western Hemisphere will be the natural leader here in the United States and Scott, Jerry and his team I believe have 10 to 12 projects pending currently. And we've talked about this just in the last couple of weeks Anthony, we're going to make an entire breakout category in our March analyst conference around the clean energy transition and innovation and technology across each of our portfolio companies. So I actually think that LDCs will be valued differently in the future at a more premium value.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then just lastly I guess, Sempra, Jeff, you have this really high-class problem. There seems to be very little question or even on the earnings call like there's no question to the earnings whatever that earnings power of your the company's core utility businesses. With most of the questions are uncertainty coming from maybe the smallest portion of the Sempra family, I guess, how do you move the focus away from the LNG business or maybe Mexico and focus more on the core earnings power of SDG&E and SoCalGas? I'll leave at that.
Jeff Martin: Well, I think, it's – I'll start by saying, I appreciate the positive comments about the earnings power of the company. I spent a little bit of time earlier in my remarks talking about, how we've seen steady improvement in the core earnings power of the company both in 2019 and in 2020. It's not just earnings growth. To your point Anthony, it's also improved earnings quality and earnings visibility. So I think over time that will get valued into the stock. And I think going to your larger point about our unregulated businesses, you should expect that Sempra over time, will become increasingly have higher content in its regulated businesses. So we think that, our utilities will become a larger part of our earnings stack, as you go forward in time. And that's kind of a signal about, how we expect to manage both Mexico and the LNG business. And I think part of what we need to do, there is, we just need to execute cleanly in Mexico and execute cleanly in LNG. I spent some time earlier on today's call, talking about some active steps we're taking to make sure that we can demonstrate that value to the market. We're quite optimistic actually.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Jeff, you are not in my group in the IMX next week though, I want to wish you any early happy Investment Day. And thanks so much for taking my question.
Jeff Martin: I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll continue next from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research Partners.
Jonathan Arnold: Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Jeff, I would appreciate that you are in this quiet period on the franchise agreement. Are you able to share anything about the process from here which how it works and what the timing would potentially be for those have been used?
Jeff Martin: Yeah. There's been a lot of obviously good research publications around this. We talked about it a little bit more effusively on our Q2 call. But because we're in the quiet period Jonathan, I have to apologize. I think it's really important for us to respect the process that this city has underway. I would just say that, Caroline Winn and the team are really excited to work collegially with the city, and I made this point in my prepared remarks, I think we have an identity of interest here, right? We're both looking to serve the benefit of the same people and I remain optimistic.
Jonathan Arnold: And do we know is there going to be some sort of open bidding or hearing? Can you talk about at all?
Jeff Martin: I would just say that, there was an invitation to bid process that process came to a conclusion in October. We made a filing, which we thought was competitive at the time that the bids were due. They have not announced whether there is one bid or more bids. They had not announced when they plan to specifically open the bids and what the definitive process will be. But I think it's reasonable to expect that the process will be finished this quarter and we feel quite good about the bids that we've submitted.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Thank you. And if I may just on to your comments about – pick up on your comments on 2021. I mean, earlier in the year you explicitly said you were positively inclined around the 2021 number – given this year like last quarter you did the buyback or we doing accretive something like that. I'm just curious what hold you? Why would you – what's happened to change your view?
Jeff Martin: Yeah. I'm actually smiling, because I did actually say that. And I was optimistic then and I'm optimistic now, and I think we tend to take a relatively conservative approach to planning. What I will say is this is, if I was an outsider looking at the company, your first question is, is there something that you're not aware of that makes 2021 not look good or not. I would say, this is, we had a great year in 2019 and we have improved portfolio with improved earnings power. We're having a heck of a year in 2020. And it's in a really difficult environment, right? I mean, our employees have really been challenged to both work at home and we've got a ton of people in the field working. So I think we're set up extremely well for 2021. I made a comment earlier. I think you should expect to see the power of our earnings growth continue to be from our three leading utilities. And next year, we're really excited to see full run rate earnings from Cameron. So there's no real back story here other than us going through the planning process and we will have an updated view on 2021. I'll be excited to come back to you.
Jonathan Arnold: Terrific. All right. Thank you very much.
Jeff Martin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll hear next from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. 
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Good morning. How are you going?
Jeff Martin: Great.
Paul Patterson: So just sort of follow-up on the Michael Lapides question, on sort of the natural gas outlook. I was wondering if you had any thoughts on the LNG and I apologize if I missed it, quite distraction here. But the LNG next decade announcement and methane in Europe the concern there I guess. Any thoughts about that, or any trends or anything you're seeing? 
Jeff Martin: Yes. I'm glad you asked the question, Paul. I would say, I view it a little bit as the red here and white. RNG was forming a partner with us in the Cameron facility. Obviously, Total is our partner now. We have MOUs for the full capacity of Cameron expansion. RNG is in a little bit different position relative to Total, but I don't see any read-through from RNG to any impact on our LNG program. 
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then just when do you think we might see the end of -- or the conclusion of the Aliso Canyon? And I know from quarter-to-quarter there's been some sort of small movements that seems to me on the activity there. But when do you think we'll get some closure I guess -- more closure with respect to the Aliso Canyon litigation? 
Jeff Martin: Yes. The way I would think about it is you'll recall that we had a catastrophic equipment failure back in 2015. And out of that there arose really what I think about as three buckets of risk and exposure that we've been actively managing. The first of which was from a group or coalition of government plaintiffs which we resolved in 2019. Justin Bird, who's now in our LNG business was our lead executive to help us resolve that. And now Paul, there are two remaining buckets that were managed in the first which is the civil litigation process. We're engaged in those activities. You saw that last quarter, we recorded a charge related to the civil litigation and our settlement discussions there. What you're looking at in this quarter is the ongoing process we have at the commission on what we might lose to SoCal, the penalty phase and that just shows the nature of our current discussions around trying to settle that process with the commission currently. 
Paul Patterson: Okay. And when do you think it might all be sort of finished? Any idea? 
Jeff Martin: No. Any time you talk about litigation, we're going to be reticent to provide a lot of forecast about the timing of it. I would just say that we have good positions in both matters. We're working collegially with the folks that we should be working with and that's reflected in both our Q2 results and our Q3 results.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Awesome. It was my questions.
Jeff Martin: Thank you.
Paul Patterson: Thank you. Bye.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Really appreciate it. So as I come to the end of today's call, I wanted to thank everyone for joining us. I know that there's like a dozen other companies that are reporting this morning. I hope everyone continues to be safe and healthy. And feel free as usual to reach out to anyone on our IR team if you have additional questions and this concludes today's call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-05 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Faisel Khan. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan: Good morning. And welcome to Sempra Energy’s second quarter 2020 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investor section. Several members of our management team are on the line with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra LNG,; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Kevin Sagara, Group President; and Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company’s most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. All the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for reconciliation to GAAP measures. I would also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, August 5, 2020 and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 4 and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Faisal and thank you all for joining us today. Two years ago we laid out a strategic plan to divest non-core assets and reposition our business in the most attractive growth markets right here in North America. The plan also called for concentrating our investments in a more narrow segment of the energy value chain with the goal of improving our financial results. I'm proud to report that our strategy is working. You recall that our financial results in 2019 significantly exceeded our original guidance and this year we're pleased that increased our 2020 EPS guidance range, completed our capital rotation program, generating total gross proceeds of $8.3 billion, continued executing our utility-centered capital program while deferring about $500 million of infrastructure capital and at the end of last week we reached substantial completion at Cameron Train 3 with commercial operations and full cash flows from all three trains expected in the coming days. Given the quality and strength of our earnings and particularly the visibility we now have to our future growth, we believe recent share price performance doesn't reflect the value of our company nor its growth prospects. Because of this we've made the decision to buy back $500 million of our stock and received approval from our board for a new authority of $2 billion for share repurchases. We're committed to being prudent stewards of your capital and will continue to look for ways to drive additional value back to our shareholders. Turning to our financial results for the quarter, we are benefiting from more concentrated investments in our T&D portfolio. Our adjusted earnings results for the first half of 2020 are up over 50% when compared to last year primarily driven by the results by U.S. utilities and Cameron. We're already touched on our revised EPS guidance range for 2020 but I'd like to also highlight that we're also affirming our 2021 EPS guidance range as well. Now please turn to slide 5 where I'll provide an overview of our recently completed capital rotation program. The sale of our Chilean businesses in June for approximately $2.2 billion was the final transaction in our strategic capital rotation program and really sets us up well for the future. When we set out on this path at the end of 2017 we had just finished the year with adjusted earnings per share of $5.42. Since then we've recycled approximately $27 billion in firm value back into our business with the focus on T&D infrastructure. Invested close to $16 billion of growth capital at our utility and infrastructure businesses and raised the midpoint of our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range from $7.10 to $7.50 close to a 40% projected increase over our 2017 results. Our company-wide commitment to operational excellence has led to the strong execution of this strategy and our employees deserve a ton of credit. We are today, more strategically focused, more profitable and more optimistic about our future growth prospects and it's all tied to making further progress on our mission to build North America's premier energy infrastructure company. Please turn to the next slide. Our ongoing focus on safety and reliability remains paramount and is a critical component of our overall mission. Here at Sempra our number one priority continues to be the health and well-being of all of our employees, customers and the communities we serve. We've built a strong safety and performance culture throughout our organization. I could not be more proud of the ongoing commitment and dedication of all of our employees to providing essential, safe and reliable service to over 35 million consumers. We also continue to support our communities through charitable giving donating over $13 million to local health and welfare areas since the start of the pandemic. As we look ahead we're continuing to plan for the safe re-entry back to the workplace. We continue to be thoughtful and strategic about returning to the office in a phased approach that considers specific work locations and personnel requirements while adhering to the latest safety guidelines. From an operational perspective we built a strong and sustainable business that can successfully operate in a variety of challenging environments by decoupled revenues that are T&D utilities in California, investments in the largest T&D provider in Texas with no exposure to generation and regulatory protection from retail risk, tolling contracts with A rated customers that are also our equity partners at cameron LNG and critical operating infrastructure in Mexico with dollar denominated long-term contracts with an average tenor in excess of 20 years. Our strong financial results year-to-date highlight this sustainable business model. Please turn to the next slide. Across our businesses we're investing in the portion of the energy value chain that we believe will provide the best risk adjusted returns. Nearly all of our five-year capital plans expected to be invested in transmission and distribution projects. Through our narrowed geographic footprint sustainable business model and focus on T&D investments. We believe we've created an infrastructure portfolio with strong cash flows to support a growing dividend and improved visibility to future earnings growth. Now I'll turn the call over to Trevor to discuss our capital allocation approach as well as our operational and financial results.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks Jeff. As already discussed we believe we've built a business model that can weather the current health and economic crisis and emerge stronger and more profitable. We've been consistent with our capital allocation approach by prioritizing our utility centered capital plan, optimizing our balance sheet and returning value to our shareholders. Despite our demonstrated capabilities and superior dividend growth our stock has underperformed this year and trades at a relative discount compared to our peers. In light of this and in an effort to continue returning value to our shareholders, we're announcing that we have completed a $500 million share repurchase program. This $500 million has exhausted the previous $2 billion authorization that we had outstanding since 2007 as part of a previous capital recycling program. Therefore, our board recently authorized an incremental $2 billion of share repurchases providing the flexibility to buy back shares on an opportunistic basis. Please turn to slide 9. We have a strong track record of returning value to our shareholders. Since 2000 we've repurchased approximately 74 million common shares totaling $3 billion and we've consistently grown our common stock dividend with $10 billion return to shareholders. Please turn to slide 10, where I'll discuss operational updates. SDG&E continues to be a leader in wildfire mitigation and has invested over $2 billion in this effort since 2007. The CPUC recently approved SDG&E wildfire mitigation plan and we've successfully procured wildfire insurance in excess of the $1 billion requirement in compliance with AV 1054. These insurance premiums are balanced as part of the 2019 GRC decision. We continue to innovate and advance our leadership position in this area through our fire safe 3.0 program combining technology and over 10 years of data. At SoCalGas we received a proposed decision for approval to recover $806 million related to our pipeline safety enhancement plan. In addition to our continued focus on safely and reliably serving our customers we're making significant headway on our sustainable clean energy goals. We remain on track to meet our goal to procure 5% renewable natural gas for our core customers by 2022. Separately we continue to advance a regulatory program that will allow SoCalGas’s customers to buy renewable natural gas for their homes and businesses along with working with legislators to advance a renewable gas portfolio standard. The company is also collaborating with several partners on a number of hydrogen demonstration and pilot projects. As the largest gas utility in the U.S. we believe our scale and commitment to innovation allows us to support renewable natural gas, hydrogen and other technologies required to meet the state's clean energy goals in a way that promotes resiliency of the system and affordability for our customers. Shifting to Texas. Oncor continues to execute on its capital plan. Oncor connected over 20, 000 new premises in the second quarter and over 38,500 new premises year-to-date. On the transmission side, Oncor is on pace to set a record for interconnection requests in 2020 predominantly driven by an increase in solar generation activity. Through July there were approximately 270 transmission interconnection requests which compares to 300 requests for all of 2019. Despite the impacts of COVID-19 Oncor believes it will continue to have steady increases in interconnection requests for the remainder of 2020. Overall Texas continues to be one of the most resilient markets in the country and ERCOT system expects to hit a new summer peak load later this year. Please turn to slide 11 where I'll discuss developments at the Sempra LNG and Sempra Mexico business units. Beginning with Cameron LNG phase 1 as Jeff said we're pleased that Train 3 has reached substantial completion with commercial operations expected in the coming days. The facility is expected to provide nearly $12 billion dollars of after-debt service cash flows to Sempra during the 20-year tolling agreement with no commodity or volumetric exposure and is supported by its A-rated customers and partners. Moving to Mexico. Despite the current market challenges we strongly believe in the long-term fundamentals of delivering cleaner and more affordable energy to the people of Mexico. Tanya and her team are prudently managing IEnova's business while helping to ensure the continuity of safe and reliable operations. IEnova continues to be disciplined with regards to capital allocation by strategically deferring capital and executing on its share repurchase program. In fact, across North American infrastructure businesses we've deferred about a $0.5 billion of capital in 2020 as a result of the current market environment. Moving to our development projects, ECA LNG phase 1 has uptake in EPC contracts in place and is ready to move forward with a final investment decision subject to receiving the Mexican export permit. We continue to work closely with local authorities as well as the highest levels of the Mexican government on advancing the permit process. Separately I'd like to address the recent commercial contract developments at the ECA regassification facility. Two customers are alleging that an update of the general terms and conditions for service of the facility resulted in a forced measure and breach of the existing contracts. We believe these allegations are meritless and ECA has notified these customers that they are in breach of their obligations. We're examining all of our options in light of the timing and baselessness of the claims and plan to vigorously exercise our rights and remedies in all available forums. We don't believe that the initiation of arbitration by one of the customers will delay the ongoing steps to FID on the ECA phase 1 liquefaction project. at Cameron LNG phase 2 we've signed MOUs with Total, Mitsui and Mitsubishi and are working on the preliminary front-end design studies. We're excited about this opportunity and believe that the incremental capacity at the existing Cameron facility should provide very competitive pricing for our customers. Given the current market environment, we continue to target FID on Port Arthur in 2021. We're working with our current and potential customers and remain disciplined on how we allocate capital to the project. ultimately demand from customers will drive the timing of Port Arthur. We continue to believe in the long-term fundamentals of the LNG market and Sempra's competitive position. We see long-term value in our projects and believe that our financial strength and the strategic locations of our development projects provide us with competitive advantages over others in the industry. Please turn to slide 12. Looking at our financial results this was another strong quarter. Earlier this morning we reported second quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $2.239 billion or $7.61 per share. This compares to second quarter 2019 GAAP earnings of $354 million or $1.26 per share. On an adjusted basis second quarter 2020 earnings were $485 million or $1.65 per share. This compares favorably to our second quarter 2019 adjusted earnings of $309 million or $1.10 per share. Please turn to slide 13. The variance in the second quarter 2020 adjusted earnings when compared to last year was affected by the following key items. $126 million of higher earnings at the California utilities from the release of a regulatory liability in 2020 associated with an income tax expense memorandum account that tracked differences between the actual and forecasted estimates from 2016 to 2018. $75 million of higher earnings at the California utilities from higher CPUC base operating margin net of operating expenses primarily driven by the timing of the 2019 GRC decision. $65 million of higher earnings from Cameron going into service and $31 million of higher earnings at Sempra Texas Utilities primarily driven by the increased consumption due to weather, updated rates reflecting increases in invested capital and the impact of Oncor's acquisition of infrared in May of 2019. This was offset by $49 million of lower earnings from discontinued operations in South America mainly as a result of the sale of our Peruvian businesses in April and $32 million of lower earnings apparent another due to income tax items as well as losses on foreign currency derivatives related to the sale of our South American businesses. Please turn to the next slide where I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thanks Trevor. Sempra continues to lead the sector in sustainability as highlighted by our strong ratings. In May, we published our 12th consecutive corporate sustainability report. We're extremely proud of the progress we're making on the environmental, social and governance front and this year's report provides a great snapshot of our most recent initiatives and our latest results. Our sustainability report also highlights how we champion diversity. In fact, across the Sempra family of companies that we control 62% are persons of color and in our parent company the majority of all of our employees are women. We are also quite proud of our board of directors where 62% are women or persons of color. I'm very proud of our employees who continue to live out our company values. At Sempra we do the right thing; champion people and shape the future. Please turn the next slide. We're pleased to report a very successful quarter both operationally and financially benefiting from a more narrow strategic focus we recently raised our full year 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range and are also reaffirming our full year 2021 EPS guidance range. We remain committed to creating long-term shareholder value and I cannot be more pleased with our overall financial performance even in these challenging market conditions. And with that this concludes our prepare remarks and we'll stop to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partner.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. It's actually [indiscernible] here stepping in for Shahriar. Congrats on the great quarter.
Jeff Martin: Thanks [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: We have a couple of questions. One on kind of the capital allocation decisions that were announced here and the stock buybacks a bit of a departure from prior language on capital allocation. We are curious on kind of what sorts of time frames are you looking at for that $2 billion and can you get a bit more sense on the rationales kind of buyback versus de-levering versus reinvestment specifically more from like a strategic perspective kind of the option that you're kind of announcing today indicates some lack of efficient redeployment in the near term and just thinking about like M&A allocation couldn't bring any considerations on the Oncor stake and/or any other opportunities in [indiscernible] jurisdictions.
Jeff Martin: Thanks [indiscernible]. There is a few questions in there. So I'll try to take in order. If I miss one please circle back. I'll be glad to address that. I would just start with one of the comments we made in our prepared remarks which is that we really feel like we're getting great traction with our strategy. We've set a course just over two years ago to become North America's premier energy infrastructure company and to do that we elected to exit South America and sell some non-core assets that generated about $8.3 billion of pre-tax proceeds which we've been able to effectively recycle back here into our core businesses particularly here in the United States. So what we've been number one focused on from a capital allocation standpoint is funding our $32 billion five-year capital program. The lion's share of that as you know is in our utilities. So our first obligation is to always make sure that we meet the resource requirements in Oncor SDG&E SoCalGas particularly in the areas of safety and reliability. Second, we've made some definitive commitments around strengthening our balance sheet. We set forth our credit targets for the end of the year namely around debt to cap and our FFO targets which are reflected in the slides. We feel good about where we're at but I will say that we feel quite strongly that the utility sector has underperformed the broader market by about 6% this year and our stock is likewise underperformed within the sector and we think we have a very strong top tier growth and income story and that's why we've taken some steps in this market environment to defer some capital which Trevor referenced in his prepared remarks about $500 million out of this year into 2021 and that's created room for us to make sure that we're thoughtful to support our stock. So we were very pleased to be able to use up the remaining authorization from 2007 and the commitment and authorization from our board really is to replenish that and we're not going to talk about specifically how we might put that authority to work but I think our past practices of being opportunistic to support our stock at these levels should guide your thoughts in that area. Secondly, you raise this issue of M&A and I think that our practice has been that we don't as a convention talk about forward-looking acquisition activities but I do think there's always benefit to talk about the lens by which we look at M&A activity and Constantine it typically starts with looking at assets that fit our strategy. Second we look at assets where we think we can bring deep expertise to trying to operate them more effectively and then thirdly, obviously price matters. We're always looking to pay a fair price and if we can obviously a dislocation price is helpful. But if you think about our approach to energy future holdings, remember this was a asset that was in bankruptcy and we were able to extend our T&D strategy into Texas which has been a core priority and we did that at a very attractive price and then we went from that one to [indiscernible] which was very similar position great basket of assets. I think we picked that up for something around 16 times earnings which is a great price for the quality of those T&D assets. So when you think about where we're at today we've talked about this larger management team with low interest rates and credit spreads it's surprising to see utilities trade at a discounts and market and if you look at and we've reviewed a lot of sell side research in this area. I've looked at Wolf, Baml, Goldman, UBS and others and it's clear that there's a lot of value in our sector today and I think it's one of the reasons when we think about M&A the one area that we feel like that really fits our strategy and also where we have deep expertise and there is a really attractive price opportunity is with Sempra stock. So I mean we're pretty much pounding the table. We've got a top-tier growth and income story here and that's one of the reasons that we were opportunistic this summer and pleased to go into the marketplace to purchase $500 million of our own stock. So we have a $32 billion capital program underway that is 100% of our focus but at the same time we're going to be aggressive to continue to look for opportunities to be opportunistic going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Yes. That's going in clarifies a bit and just a quick follow-up hydrogen has been kind of a topic of interest recently and California and [indiscernible] are kind of leading the way in the conversation with R&D. What's your outlook on kind of implementing this technology? Any potential CapEx allocation in the near-term, I guess five-year plan as an upside? And are you seeing kind of the regulatory support in California for these type of projects or is it a little early?
Jeff Martin: Yes. Well, I appreciate you asking this question. This is something that's a high area of interest to us. I also appreciate your recognition of the great R&D work that's been taking place at SDG&E in SoCalGas I'll provide a little bit of color Constantine and pass it to Kevin Sagara who's the group president over California but I think it starts with the fact that over the last three to five years this has been a priority in our company. So we own the largest natural gas franchise in the western hemisphere. We serve 22 million consumers right here in California, their basic natural gas needs and we made the decision in the last several years that we were leading this space. When you think of broad categories where we're spending time either on R&D basis or projects there's probably 8 to 10 different projects that we're looking at. They fall into the categories of transportation refueling, primarily focused on heavy duty vehicles, blending opportunities into power generation, blending opportunity into compressor stations at SoCalGas and really the opportunity to co-locate some of these facilities and take advantage of cost efficiencies with our LNG facilities, but we're also trying to take a leadership position Constantine in some of the major trade associations like the hydrogen council and we're collaborating with the countries we think that are leading this field today primarily Japan and Germany. So we're quite bullish from the role of hydrogen and renewable natural gas particularly here in California. You think about the energy transition that's in front of our sector and the one that's in front of the world particularly in the developing world hydrogen is going to play an increasingly important role. It's still a little bit early but I think you're raising a good point. The time now to create a leadership position is the work we're doing inside of our utilities currently and Kevin perhaps she could provide some additional color.
Kevin Sagara: Thanks Jeff. As you mentioned it is a little early but California has always led the way in this area of clean energy and this time I expect it will be no different. Having just come off of being the CEO of SDG&E which is a leader in renewable energy we've top solar electric vehicles and having led Sempra renewables I'm all in on hydrogen. The gas company we're speaking to all of the leading industry players that you would expect us to be speaking to. We've got several exciting projects in development. Today we're participating in projects that make biomethane from solar power and recaptured CO2 and others that make green hydrogen from solar power and water. As Jeff mentioned, we see opportunity in power generation, industrial processes. We're fueling needing and heavy duty transportation. We see opportunities within our own system. We believe hydrogen will play a key role in the 21st century energy system and you can expect that our infrastructure at the California utilities will be right smack dab in the middle of it. Both utilities are working on several exciting hydrogen projects that we'll be announcing in the upcoming quarters and so if you don't hear it in my voice yes I am really excited about hydrogen and I think there's a big opportunity here and our utilities are going to be a big part of it and it's great our infrastructure is well-positioned to play a big role.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. I think that's very-very helpful. Thanks so much. I will jump back in queue.
Jeff Martin: Thanks Constantine.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Hey. Thanks for the question. I guess first of all the $500 million of preferred CapEx which part of the business did that come from?
Jeff Martin: I would start by saying see that we're obviously committed to our $32 billion capital program but with this current market backdrop we've really pushed on the near term into the capital program. This is really 100% coming from our non-utility businesses primarily LNG but we've moved capital related to ECA into next year some capital we've also deferred some capital related to our storage businesses in Mexico but it shouldn't have any meaningful impact on 2020 or 2021.
Steve Fleishman: Okay and is there any the $2 billion incremental authorization that's just, it's not like a timeline or it's really [indiscernible] would you fair to say?
Jeff Martin: No. There's no timeline but I think is that as I articulated to Constantine, I think our past practices would guide how we would look to use that.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then a couple just issues that have popped up that I guess I get questions on recently has been this first San Diego franchise issue and then I guess this recent filing you guys made on clarifying lobbying and how that should be treated. Can you just maybe go through those two issues and your take on them?
Jeff Martin: Sure. I'll take your second question first and come back to the franchise agreement but in California for a long period of time various industrial utilities would be looking to promote one deal on regulation or another and I think the goal always is to get to the best long-term energy policies in the state and because there's sometimes a lack of clarity about what type of activities require use from ratepayer dollars versus shareholder dollars, we felt like that ambiguity is your enemy. So we felt like that for the benefit of the industry it was worth having a lot of clarity. So we filed an OIR to make sure there's a process around this with a lot of transparency and allow all five commissioners and their staff to weigh in on it. So we feel good about taking that step and I think it will add some clarity for all the participants in the industry. On the San Diego franchise, I would probably offer you three different comments here Steve. First, the city charter in San Diego always requires a competitive process to renew it. Mayor falls during the city council I think are doing all the things that you expect them to be doing. So running the competitive process. It's open and transparent. They've augmented their staff with some outside consultants and all this is being done with the view towards getting the best outcome for the residents of the city. I think that leads to my second point, which is we have close to 300 franchises across the state of California. So we're always evaluating 10 or 12 of these at a time and our approach we tend to be to focus on each of these as an opportunity for us to get better as a company. And you have to remind yourself there is a strong alignment of interest that those same residents of the city are also our customers. So we're always trying to find new and better ways to serve them and you have to remember these are customers that date back their relationship with our company back in the 1800s we first started serving customers here in the region in 1881. But let me tell you what I'm confident about SG&E is well-positioned to be the best partner for the city. I think the three things that we've tried to talk about with the team at SDG&E is that's a company that leads our nation in clean energy with rooftop solar here locally at a 15% penetration rate that's a remarkable number and a credit to the support from the utility and historically we've always been charging roughly 45% procurement for renewable generation which is also an industry-leading position. In the last 14 years, we've been consistently named the number one utility in the West for a liability and that goes back to your safety and safety metrics where we have a really outsized lead compared to other utilities and finally just two or three weeks ago we were named the number one investor on utility United States at SDG&E for their commitment and demonstrated expertise in innovation technology. So if you think about some of our accomplishments Steven you followed the company for a long period of time, I think the one thing that's kind of common about our success historically has been the broad partnership that San Diego gas electric has with the local [IBW] and labor generally. This is a century-old partnership here in San Diego that's always privileged safety and good improved utility practice and procedure. I think it's been central to our success and I think as we approach this opportunity with the city we're going to approach it from the standpoint that you're always good to have a little dose of humility and try to find the best way to put your foot forward. Our goal is to put the best value proposition from the city and we have a fair amount of confidence we can do that. 
Steve Fleishman: Okay. That's very helpful. I have been getting a lot of questions. So helpful to clarify those two things. Thank you Jeff. 
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Smith: Hey good morning, thank you for the time guys. If I can follow up,
Jeff Martin: Hey Julien
Julien Smith: Hey good morning Jeff. If I can follow up with the first round of questions here Jeff just to follow up here on the M&A question. Speaking of questions that we've been getting inbound there's been a lot of consternation of the market around M&A specifically and I'm hearing from you all on your call a very close focus on value in your own shares. Can you try to put the square those two a little bit more narrowly maybe said differently we really hear about companies articulating frameworks around M&A from one of the premium names if I can put it that way? Can you perhaps frame the buyback in the context of M&A? Is the buyback really a placeholder in your mind relative or what's your level of confidence in pursuing this buyback and seeing it through relative to alternative capital opportunities that pop up here? 
Jeff Martin: Hey Jo, I hate to do this to you that you came up, you came in broken up on the front end of your question. Would you mind repeating it for me please?
Julien Smith: Sorry about that. Specifically on M&A there's a lot of consternation in the market around how you all are to what extent you are engaged on M&A conversation. You're very focused on the value of your stock here and on the call. Can you square your level of commitment to the buyback against a broader array of capital allocation opportunities whether that's in the context of more [indiscernible] base at the utilities or as I started the question with around M&A more broadly? 
Jeff Martin: Well, I would be pleased to answer that. I would say that in the past and currently we have had no formal discussions regarding M&A activities. It is not in our field of view currently. I think what you should hear from my prior comments is that we have, what we think is a unique opportunity in our industry with really unparalleled visibility to our capital employment through 2024 and in Part Julian that goes back to the quality of the rate case. We got at SoCalGas and SDG&E last year. Our goal is to fund that capital program, meet our credit commitments that we've been pretty clear about relative to credit rating agencies and protecting our balance sheet. If we have opportunities where we can move capital or defer capital within our program, you should expect us to be opportunistic with their own stock but in general when you think your stock is trading at such a deep discount as we think ours is we should be trying to find every opportunity we can to repurchase that. So I'm not making commitments about how we will use the $2 billion of authority from our board but I am telling you that our focus is on number one the organic growth program that we have and right now it makes a lot more sense to buy something at a discount before you'd allocate capital something you'd be buying at a premium.
Julien Smith: Thanks for the emphasis. If I can turn back to Steve's question very quickly, what is this process around the franchise arrangement look like? If you talk about a partnership how would you frame the process going forward for investors from here?
Jeff Martin: I think that the invitation to bid falls under the auspices of the mayor's office. I think there's a meeting in San Diego tomorrow where the level approach to the ITB or the investment to bid is being presented to the council. Yet another opportunity for a lot of open transparent input from the council to that process and probably over the next two to four weeks the invitation to bid would come out and then we would expect to participate in that process with the view that we would be submitting bid some time probably in the second half of October but look. I can tell you that this has been a priority for our company for a long period of time. These are types of discussions that have been going on for years not weeks or months and there is a lot of commitment to make sure that don't take these types of things for granted and I think we're very-very proud of our company at SDG&E and its commitment to the community. And as I said in my prior comments is the best way you're successful and obviously we manage 300 of these up and down the state of California is you approach them Julia with a little bit of humility and always from the mindset that we have a chance to get better and our job as a modern energy company to find new and better ways to serve customers and that's exactly the approach that the SDG&E will be taking with the city.
Julien Smith: Appreciate it.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Martin: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Morning. Just want to touch on a bit of the questions maybe it was picked up earlier here but given some of the recent moves in the industry here how do you feel about the current regulated versus non-regulated business mix that you have? Do you see opportunities to kind of shift towards regulated more or you kind of are happy with where you're at?
Jeff Martin: That's a great strategic question. This is one that we review with our board on a periodic basis. We've even got discussions with our board on the same topic later this year. Look we certainly privilege the utility side of our business. It represents roughly 80% of our earnings stack. What intrigues this and I mentioned this one of the earlier calls is as we think about our IEnova business we certainly think there is going to be a lot of reassuring and onshoring. I had a good fortune of attending the Bilal discussions and dinner with President Trump and President Lopez Obrador just a couple weeks ago and there's a tremendous amount of collaboration taking place across all three nations under USMCA and a lot of opportunity for new business and factories and particularly in the pharmaceutical industry to relocate here. So I think it's intriguing for us to think about how we look at the IEnova business which we also think is undervalued we have been actively inside IEnova business buying back those shares. So there's a share repurchase program that has been underway there as well quite active this year by the way and as we think about our LNG business. So there is more work to be done here but I think one of the things that's intriguing is probably less about whether the percentage is 80% of the mix or 90% of the mix but Jeremy what made me more interesting is how you make sure that those businesses that are not utilities are not consuming the balance sheet of the parent company. So you see I've seen other companies in our sector do this but the more we can think about having access to the unique growth profile that we have in our unregulated businesses and increasingly over time make sure it's not impacting our parent company and that debt is off balance sheet I think that's a real opportunity for our company.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there and then maybe just kind of pivoting over to the LNG business it looks like nice kind of pick up and flows the Cameron and then steadily moving up there and although the LNG market is a bit difficult right now just wondering if you could provide any more color as far as commercial conversations might be having there. If tone or the pace has changed at all granted you're talking more about a 2021 FID with Port Arthur but just want to touch base on that and see how things were progressing?
Jeff Martin: I'll be glad to provide some comments and that's if Justin if you'll make some color I'll pass it to you in a second but what I would say interesting if you start Jeremy at the macro level, what's unique is that the northern hemisphere had a very mild winter. Storage levels as we came into the late spring were relatively full and you've seen an impact in natural gas demand globally related to the pandemic. I think the most recent IEA forecasts are expecting natural gas demand to decline for the year by about 4% but what's interesting inside the LNG category it's actually gone up. So global demand for LNG in the first half of the year is one of the few commodities it's actually up close to 2% U.S. LNG exports for this six month period compared to last year are up 70% and that's a function a lot of the new capacity has come online in the last 12 to 18 months including Cameron and interestingly Europe's consumption of LNG is up 18% in the first six months. So there's clearly an opportunity where LNG is actually price competitive. So many countries indigenous supply of natural gas Thailand would be an example. They're landing LNG at a price that's cheaper in Thailand and they can actually produce it in their own economy. So I think that there is continued green shoots and optimism about LNG but what we've been trying to focus on and I think our LNG team has been pretty redundant on this is we've always had a long-held view that that second wave of LNG infrastructure which is intended to allow for deliveries in the middle part of the decade that is a very real opportunity. The LNG is going to play a very-very big role in reformulating the energy stack globally. Roughly 80% of future energy demand will come from the developing world and I think this market is going to be led by Asia and specifically China and the subcontinent of India. So there's a big opportunity there and I think this pandemic, if anything is causing some LNG buyers to delay their decision and it's also causing other infrastructure providers to get behind or fall by the wayside. So I think we've got a strong balance sheet. We have a very clear-eyed vision of what we want to accomplish in LNG and it always comes back to what your competitive advantages are and I think our approach of having competitive low-cost brownfield sites that can just dispatch directly into the Pacific and directly into Atlantic is an advantage that no other LNG infrastructure provider has in North America but let me stop there and Justin if you'd like to provide a little bit of color about where we're at with both ECA contracts, Cameron expansion contracts in Port Arthur.
Justin Bird: Thank you Jeff and thank you Jeremy for the question. I think as Jeff said I think on the supply side we've seen a period where there has been a significant, I think it's around 8% per year growth rate in LNG supply and the consultants and we think as well that that will dramatically slow down as the market has changed. We think that may end up growing only around 1%. So we think the supply growth will decrease as demand increases and it's really an opportunity for world-class projects like ours to move forward. In terms of our conversations at Port Arthur as we've said we're targeting 2021. This is a customer demand driven project. We are engaged with [indiscernible] Saudi Aramco and many other customers. As Jeff mentioned there has been a slowdown in the market as a result of COVID-19 and economic slowdown. It's also the LNG business is adjusting to teleconferences and virtual meetings which has really historically been a face-to-face business that required a lot of international travel with the slowdown. That definitely has slowed down the process but again we think over time that will pick back up and we think given the competitive advantage of our projects those will move forward. In terms of Cameron expansion we've announced that we have emerald use for the full volume there. We are working with the partners on conceptual work around the expansion and really trying to optimize that expansion from a cost basis and from a timing perspective. So we do continue to see long-term growth in the LNG business but again we take a very disciplined capital allocation approach. We will build the projects when they have contracts and when the customer demand is there and when our partners want us to move forward.
Jeremy Tonet: Great. That's really helpful. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good afternoon. Congrats on the quarter and thank you for the time.
Jeff Martin: Thanks Sophie. Thank you.
Sophie Karp: Yes. A lot of my questions have been answered but I just wanted to see if you could maybe give us a little more color on Mexico and what's happening there just overall how you view that geography in your mix going forward. It's the last outside outside of the U.S. I guess geography in the mix and I'm just curious to hear a little bit more color on what you see on the ground there. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: So Sophie just to make sure I understand your question. You like a little bit more color on Mexico as a country and some of the macroeconomic developments? 
Sophie Karp: Correct that and the political landscape there as well and how that affects energy development. So a little bit any update on your views there if there is? Could be helpful. 
Jeff Martin: Sure. Look I think Sempra has been an investor in Mexico for 22 years. We have roughly a $10 billion investment in Mexico in all aspects of the energy infrastructure business. It continues to be a country that we think has a great macro story. This is the number 15 economy in the world pre-COVID our internal forecast felt Sophie that this might be as a number 7 economy in the world by 2040. Remember it's 130 million consumers and it's one of the fastest growing consumer markets in the western hemisphere. You raised some good points. There certainly has been some disruption in terms of how the Marina party has been administering the government and his approach to energy generally like I tell you I had the good fortune of going to dinner with President López Obrador and President Trump two weeks ago there is true warmth and authenticity to that relationship. Obviously the conversation two years ago or three years ago was more around the border and today there is broad recognition of the joint opportunity between both countries as they've set a priority of being able to bring back business and factories from Asia. So I think there's a real near-term opportunity for collaboration and we think there's an opportunity for energy companies like ours. They're not really a Canadian or U.S. or Spanish or Italian company. This is a Mexican business that we own 67% of in Mexico. It's one of the top 10 or 12 companies on the Balsa. They have scale. They've got great relationships. They've got the expertise and our goal is to make sure that we put forward a great value proposition every time we have the opportunity to work with the government. As you know our business down there is increasing one of a bilateral business with CNI customers and increasingly less reliance on the state-owned agency. So I think near-term there is a lack of clarity around some of the policies that can impact the marketplace. We think the long-term macro story is intact.
Sophie Karp: Perfect. Thank you. 
Jeff Martin: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to go back to green hydrogen and Sempra certainly has been a thought leader there. While we're certainly excited about the growth in green hydrogen. I'm wondering just at a high level your thoughts on when green hydrogen would be economically viable for the utility sector? We can see applications in places like transportation but the cost for green hydrogen continue to look even as they're dropping look relatively high compared to conventional gas for example and I'm just period at a high level sort of the rough time frame over which you think green hydrogen may be viable for the utility business?
Jeff Martin: Well, it's a good question. I will start by telling you I don't have a perfect view of what the right answer is. I think the analogy that we've talked about on our senior team is photovoltaics. So photovoltaics have been pursued by our interest industry going back to the 1960s and it was that Sempra that we launched the first large-scale central station project in 2008, Stephen you may recall that was the copper melting project. It was 10 megawatts. So that was 2008 and today it's not uncommon to see a 500 megawatt project that's really, really price competitive and very much more price competitive than traditional fossil fire generation. So if we think about hydrogen we see a similar opportunity. It clearly is early on the green hydrogen side. At best it's the second half of this coming decade but a lot will determine on the cost curve and how much advances are made on the R&D side. I think given that uncertainty it's important that not just Sempra but a lot of other companies spend time and resources here because I think we have the chance to impact that cost curve and impact the commercial viability of green hydrogen and particularly when you think about California where we have periods of the year where we're long renewable resources and they cannot be used and you're actually trying to export them or pay contiguous states like Arizona take that power, we have a real inefficiency certain times of the year and that production profile overlays very nicely with green hydrogen. So look I think if there is going to be a breakthrough and there is going to be any development that moves it forward in time California is the place where it will happen.
Stephen Byrd: Well, that makes a lot of sense and then just thinking about natural gas usage in the state and obviously California is doing some thinking around moving away from conventional natural gas. Do you have a sense of sort of the regulatory or other timelines or sort of milestones or other sort of proceedings that we should be at least thinking about as we look at that or is there really nothing definitive it's just sort of a longer-term aspiration within the state?
Jeff Martin: Yes. But there is a two-part process being read by the PUC today. There is a phase 1 review of the appropriate policies and impacts on natural gas that will lead to a phase 2 program both SDG&E and SoCalGas are active in those proceedings but I think when you speak with a lot of consultants in the space a lot of political leadership but there's a recognition that natural gas will play a long-term role in the United States energy policy and a long-term role in California's energy policy. Remember as a decoupled state Stephen, it's probably more than reasonable that the natural gas could decline in some areas maybe in our core customers but with electrification it's more likely than not that you're going to need to number one produce two or three or four times electricity that we currently produce and that's going to require more natural gas for power production. So I think what you should expect to see is because we're decoupled our interests are aligned with policymakers to make sure we're pursuing low-cost, low-carbon strategies but electrification is a big deal both in the United States and in California and natural gas particularly in power production will more than likely increase rather than decrease. I think it's important to your point to make sure we get the long-term policy right and that's why both of these proceedings at the PUC are very important and we'll be involved in it. Kevin would like to add some comments to that?
Kevin Sagara: The only thing I may add is around R&G renewable natural gas. The gas companies set some pretty aggressive goals for itself 5% by 2022 and 20% by 2030 and they're really making good progress on those goals. In terms of getting projects online to capture that methane is really a really bad for the climate and so capturing it is an important part of the state's goals to mitigate GHG emissions and do something about climate change. So we're excited about R&G and what we you spoke about a regulatory construct that could be helpful and that would be around an RPS for R&G. So if we could have some kind of RPS standard in the state around R&G I'll be very supportive to more projects capturing them, so I'll start to run it back over to you Jeff.
Jeff Martin: I think those are all good points. I'll probably just conclude with the fact that just seven months ago we got maybe one of the best general rate cases we've ever gotten at SoCalGas. So they're very much privileged in system reliability and safety. They've got a 9 plus percent CAGR of capital deployment inside their rate base. So it's a pretty aggressive program they have going on. In fact, across all three of our utilities when you think about our capital program we have average rate based growth forecasting for the next five years of 9%.
Stephen Byrd: It's all really helpful color. Thank you very much.
Jeff Martin: Appreciate it.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys thank you for taking my question and congrats on a good first half of the year. I really have two questions. One Jeff, you talked about the stock and talked about the valuation and how you trade relative to peers but just curious do you think structurally California utilities and you still have significant presence there? Obviously it's a bigger business, structurally a lower multiple business relative to regulated companies in other states?
Jeff Martin: Let me just make sure I understand your question Michael and by the way thank you for joining our call. I think your question is when we think about Sempra's valuation how much should it be impacted by structural issues in California is that what you are asking?
Michael Lapides: Yes. Do you believe that inherently the market views California utilities as a lower multiple business relative to utilities in other states?
Jeff Martin: Yes. My initial instinct is no but let me give you a little bit of color. Going back to the end of 2017, 80% of our earnings composition came from California. When we project out our earnings growth through 2022 roughly 50% of our earnings competition comes to California and I think what makes me feel good about the California story Michael is if you look at the remedial measures that we're taking to make sure that we're not exposed to wildfire risk financially particularly if you're prudent that's really important. I think I would govern my view of it Mike by the quality of the rate case we got. And you've heard us talk about this before but you got a remarkable rate case for SDG&E and SoCalGas. You also have a really high quality cost of capital. SDG&E's average cost of capital when you blend in the first cost of capital is about 10.4% and then you've got this kind of runway now for really a five-year deployment of your revenue requirement which we never have before. So as long as I've been around the business I've never been able to have that clear of a runway for what our authorized spending level is. So I go back to the cost of capital, the rate case, the remedial measures to make sure that we've mitigated risk in the environment and overall one thing I think that people miss sometimes Michael and we've been kind of jealous about it here at our company is, the key for utilities is to make sure you're in markets that have a lot of economic expansion, population growth and great regulation and when you measure those three categories California still looks like a premium market as does Texas. So we're pleased to have kind of a tier 1 position here in a tier 1 position in Texas is that underlying economic growth not just capital deployed for safety or reliability it gives you this long-term opportunity to deploy capital.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you for that Jeff. Just curious on the LNG front and I'm really thinking just about Cameron 1, 2, 3 can you remind us in the next five years or so or the next three to five years how much cash, I know you talk about how much you're going to get out of the life of the project but just next three to five years how much cash you think you get or how should we think about the annual run rate of cash coming out of Cameron 1, 2, 3?
Jeff Martin: Right. So what we've said publicly in the past now I'll review it with you is we've talked about having just from Cameron itself a $400 million to $450 million a year run rate I think in our latest estimates Michael, I might revise that to be a little bit higher we have some more work to be done on that. We think we have much more clear vision to the runway for it going forward. I think that over the next couple years 2021 it goes up quite significantly it's closer to 650 million and then it has a steady state around 450 to 475. So over the life of the project it's going to be greater than $12 billion of cash after debt service. On a run rate basis it's going to be closer to the high end of that 400 to 450 and the next year just because of how some of the amortization schedules work you're going to have a little higher cash back to the company in 2021.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Jeff. Much appreciate. I'll follow up with your team offline.
Jeff Martin: I appreciate it Michael. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine:  Hi, based on the current business outlook and recent 2020 guidance revision, is there any color you're able to share about the current outlook for 2021 guidance and drivers within the range?
Jeff Martin: Well, I think one of the things I go back to Ryan was you may recall we were all together virtually in our investor day. We talked about the A system we have to prioritize our activities really around trying to deliver our financial goals and I think if you think about 2019. we set forward an EPS guidance range and during the year we got into the high end of the range and we were very pleased Ryan that we were able to exceed that range on our February calls when we announced our Q4 results. This year you'll call we set a guidance range for 2020 and we've been able to guide higher in that range on the May call and then on June 30s we guided and actually adjusted our range actually raised in the low end of our range by $0.50. So as we think about 2021 I think we're pleased today Ryan to affirm our guidance for 2021 we have some more work to be done here but we have an evergreen planning process. It goes on constantly and I think that what Alan characterize for 2021 is we're on our front foot. You're going to have positive uplift from Cameron moving to full run rate. You're going to have the earnings from South America will get backed out for 2021. We feel good about it we just have more work to be done and if we get through that work it seems like we should adjust the 2021 number we will I think our pattern in practice Ryan has been to under promise and then work really, really hard to exceed expectations.
Ryan Levine: Thank you and then what was the average price that the $500 million buyback was purchased at and was this previewed with the rating agencies and then going forward what credit parameters or guide posts are you looking at when deciding on share buyback amounts and potential timing in future years?
Jeff Martin: Yes. I'll start with the credit metrics and I'll pass it to Trevor talk about the weighted average share repurchase price but we've been pretty consistent our credit metrics during our slide presentation today. We remain on track to meet those by the end of the year and those have been commitments we've made over multiple years. So we don't see any change to the credit metrics but perhaps Trevor you could speak to the repurchase program.
Trevor Mihalik: Sure Jeff. So Ryan what we did is we had an ASR, the accelerated stock repurchase program for the last 30 days and the weighted average price of that was 122.
Ryan Levine: Great. Thank you. And just like it's one mixed in terms of rating preview, rating key preview is that done in advance or not?
Jeff Martin: Ryan repeat the question again please.
Ryan Levine: Was this previewed with the rating agencies?
Trevor Mihalik: Yes. We have talked to the rating agencies about this recently as to what our overall plan is and where we're anticipating to get to by the end of the year.
Jeff Martin: And the best way I would comment on that Ryan, if you want to kind of a short form approach is that we've laid out a capital program in that capital program we were able to move some capital out this year into future years that was a $500 million shift in our capital deployment and what we really did was redeploy that capital right into buying our shares at what we think is a very attractive price.
Ryan Levine: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning Jeff, hope all is well you and your family. Just a quick question if I go back to the potential for the $2 billion share repurchase authorization, can I think of that as a placeholder for LNG. I know you spoke about the strength of your LNG model but if that gets pushed out further maybe because of the total impact of COVID could you think about the $2 billion share repurchased as a placeholder for that?
Jeff Martin: Anthony, it's actually a very interesting question. I would probably frame it by saying that the last authorization that we are working on with our board was put in place in 2007. It really gave management the opportunity to look for points in time where we thought the stock was undervalued. I think we're certainly one of those points of time today I mean we're very, very bullish on how attractively our stock is priced today. I don't know that I would associate it directly with LNG but I think the way we've described our capital allocation process this year where we fund our first order priorities particularly around our utilities we make a commitment to pay down parent debt and deliver our credit metrics to the rating agencies. If there's opportunities either from a sale or divestiture of an asset or cash flow from other parts of our business or deferrals of CapEx we will always be looking for opportunities periodically to be opportunistic to support our stock.
Anthony Crowdell: Thanks so much. Thanks for taking my question.
Jeff Martin: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: We'll you our next question from Eric [indiscernible] with Barclays.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys this is [indiscernible] on for Eric. Thanks for taking my questions. I'll keep it quick over the other hour mark but on Mexico you guys highlighted some of the sort of near-term noise that might be impacting the public share price at this point. I just thought it would be good to get some commentary I know a lot of people on this call sit on the board for -- about how Sempra sort of represents interests and what kind of strategic levers are available to de-risk the mistake whether that be the interplay between payout ratio and credit metrics and things like that just generally sort of what the strategic direction for looks like?
Jeff Martin: Sure. I would say that we have 11 members on the board on IEnova six come from Sempra plus Carlos, [indiscernible] and Tanya we are very active in terms of how they build their capital program, how they manage their balance sheet. Certainly when you think about that business it's very rare in Mexico to see a business of this scale with U.S. dollar denominated revenues and when you think about the tenor of that portfolio they've really been able to assemble a very, very attractive basket of assets and remember our long-term goal is we don't want to invest outside of our utilities unless we think that we can risk adjust those cash flows to match the expectations from a risk reward standpoint of our U.S. based utility. So the one development that's taking place down there that kind of goes to the issue you're speaking that is over time we now have the majority of our revenues coming from non-government entities and I think we see that trend continuing over time and I think there will be periods in our investments in Mexico where we slow our capital spending. We preserve asset value and we leverage the value of our dividend for purposes of our shareholders but the long-term story is intact and maybe Faisel I know you're on the board of directors and maybe you can provide some thought in terms of how they manage the balance sheet and expectations in terms of creating value in Mexico.
Faisel Khan: I think that in the current environment we're going to be very disciplined in terms of how we allocate capital in Mexico and that's through either deferring capital continuing to look at the dividend and continue to buy back stocks in Mexico; those are three of the biggest levers that we have in order to create value in Mexico and so the board is very focused on discipline in the current environment. Clearly ECA is a great opportunity for us to create a lot of shareholder value and that's what the focus is going to be going forward. So I think it's pretty straightforward from the way we look at it at the board level. There is the opportunity in LNG and then there is the ability to be disciplined in how we allocate capital to the rest of the business and to shareholders.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. That's awesome just on the scenario permitting process can you just give an update on where that stands and sort of what the remaining, the bureaucratic angles might be? 
Jeff Martin: This is Jeff. I would just make a couple comments. Number one is it's a novel request. So traditionally state-owned enterprises had the domain and responsibility for the export of hydrocarbons. This would be the first permit that they've issued that authorizes the export of hydrocarbons by private entity; number one. Number two, the government has largely been shut down because of the pandemic. I think Mexico today ranks number three in the world in terms of impacts from the virus in deaths. So they've been going through a really difficult situation economically and that's impacted obviously the function of the government but I would say this and I've mentioned it several times, I think that all the things that you expect us to be doing as a company both at Sempra and at IEnova in terms of relationships and value proposition and following up with folks we're doing that. I wish we could have delivered the snare permit in Q4 of last year. This thing has gone on a little bit further than you would probably think reasonable but look there is been a lot of extenuating circumstances. The conversations remain quite positive and I'm optimistic that we'll get to permit later in Q3.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks guys.
Jeff Martin: Appreciate it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Hello, good morning. How are you doing?
Jeff Martin: Hey Paul.
Paul Patterson: All my questions have been answered. Just really just back to the franchise agreement in San Diego what's a little unusual, I guess is this idea of having a competition, so to speak and I'm just what's unclear to me because you guys own all these facilities there and everything what would happen if in fact the franchise was actually awarded to another party? What would be the process from there if you follow what I'm saying? As you mentioned you're negotiating around the state and I've obviously seen them around in other places but I've never seen a situation where there is an actual competitive bid so to speak for the franchising. What would it mean if it was actually awarded to somebody else?
Jeff Martin: I would probably say Paul, the most probable answer is the simplest answer which is in this case the franchise in the city charter requires a competition. It requires they go out and compete to. So I don't know how this is done in other jurisdictions but in San Diego this is a requirement in the city charge. This is not like an anomaly that they're doing something outside of what they're required to do and our approach really is to make sure that we as I indicated earlier we approached this with a dose of humility we put forward a really-really attractive partnership campaign. I think you can look at other jurisdictions I think board of Colorado as an example many big things turn into very extended long-term contests. We don't think that's desirable for anyone and I think what we want to do is use this Paul as an opportunity for our company to get better and reassess our strengths and make sure we put forward commitment that we can stand behind. We can take a century-old relationship and make it better.
Paul Patterson: Okay but just to sort of understand there would be a completely different process if there was the franchise award to somebody else that would, it wouldn't be surprising if that resulted in a lot of litigation and cost etc. If I understand that correctly? Is that a way to think about it?
Jeff Martin: I don't know if I would characterize it as litigation. I can tell you that our focus and attention is on controlling what we can control which is we want to put forward the best most compelling value propositions in the city. These are our neighbors. This is a place we care about a lot. So we're going to play to win Paul and I think that's the 100% focus of our attention.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thanks so much and have a good day.
Jeff Martin: I appreciate it. Thank you for joining the call.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. Jeff Martin for closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes our call. Most importantly I hope each of you stay safe and healthy. Feel free for custom to reach out to our IR team with any additional questions. Thank you again.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-04 18:45:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy First Quarter Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Faisel Khan. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan: Good morning. And welcome to Sempra Energy’s first quarter 2020 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investor section. Several members of our management team are on the line with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dennis Arriola, Executive Vice President and Group President; Justin Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra LNG,; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Kevin Sagara, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric, and Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As we continue to monitor the potential impact from the ongoing pandemic is important to keep in mind that actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company’s most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. All the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for reconciliation to GAAP measures. I would also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, May 4, 2020 and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 4 and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot Faisel. And thank you all for joining us today. We hope everyone staying safe and well during this public health crisis. And our hearts certainly go out to all those who've been impacted by this pandemic. In the midst of all this, we're reminded that our employees face health risks in their daily lives and unique challenges in performing their jobs. That's why our first principle here at Sempra has been and continues to be keeping them safe. On this slide we provide a few examples of some of the health and safety initiatives that we've implemented all while providing critical services to our customers and supporting our communities. Specifically, we've issued additional, personal protective equipment for our field employees and implemented revised protocols for customer engagement. We've hired an infectious disease expert to assist us in implementing safety procedures for all employees. We've instituted travel bans and limited building access. Employees that can work from home continue to do so. We've rolled out enhanced resources for employees such as technology reimbursements, revised sick and emergency leave policies and expanded mental health services. And we've invested in our communities by committing over $8 million across the Sempra family of companies to help those providing critical services to those in need. I cannot be more proud of the commitment and dedication of all of our employees during this period. It is one of those times of great challenge where notwithstanding the fact that many of us are working remotely, that it's our values and mission that continues to unite us. We're actively monitoring the situation and will revise our protocols as necessary to continue providing safe and reliable service to over 35 million consumers each day. Please turn to the next slide. Before discussing the quarter, I'd like to take a moment and thank everyone who joined us for our virtual Investor Day just over a month ago. We certainly appreciated having the opportunity to provide you with important business updates and highlight our overarching strategy. You'll recall that at the core of that strategy is our mission, where we've made a commitment to build North America's premier energy infrastructure company. And one of the important takeaways from this call we believe is that we're continuing to make great progress on that mission. Most recently, we've completed the sale of our Peruvian businesses and expect to close the sale of our Chilean businesses later this month. We also achieved mechanical completion and began the startup of the third and final train at Cameron LNG Phase 1 and at ECA Phase 1. We just recently finalized two sale and purchase agreements totaling 2.5 million tons per annum. These 20-year agreements with high credit worthy counterparties highlight the strategic advantage of being able to offer liquefaction capacity to our customers from facilities on both the West Coast and Gulf Coast. Again, the execution of these two new agreements speaks to the market need particularly right here in North America for critical new export infrastructure. We'll be discussing these developments in more detail later in today's presentation. In combination, our strategy, capital rotation program, improved capital discipline and effective execution have improved the earnings power of our company. And this can be seen in our strong first quarter results. Giving these positive developments, I'm pleased to say that we're reaffirming and more importantly guiding to the upper end of our 2020 adjusted earnings per share guidance range. We are also reaffirming our 2021 EPS guidance range. Please turn now to Slide 6. Two years ago we laid out a strategic plan to reposition our business and improve our financial performance with three key objectives in mind. First, to focus our portfolio on the most attractive markets in North America.  Second, to utilize our skills and strong operating history to create a Tier 1 leadership position in those markets. And finally, to position our business in that portion of the energy value chain, where we believe we can produce the most attractive risk-adjusted returns. Looking at our portfolio today, we've made great progress. Focusing our geographic footprint on leading energy markets in North America, while further improving the quality and strength of our earnings. This approach has helped create a higher growth and more resilient infrastructure platform is well positioned to compete through different market cycles and deliver long-term value to our stakeholders. Please now turn to Slide 7 where I'll provide an overview of our South American business sale. As many of you saw we recently completed the sale of our equity interest in our Peruvian businesses to an affiliate of China Yangtze Power International for total cash consideration of approximately $3.6 billion. Additionally, we continue to advance the announced sale of our equity interest in our Chilean businesses to China State Grid International Development for an anticipated sales price of approximately $2.2 billion. I like to emphasize that all parties remain quite motivated to complete the Chilean transaction and we're targeted to close later this month. Also think it's important to mention that closing the Peru transaction is yet another example of our ability to execute our strategy even in a challenging business environment. Please turn to the next slide. Our management team continues to strive to be prudent stewards of your capital. Our recent efforts over the last couple years have resulted in approximately $8.3 billion of announced proceeds from completed and pending asset sales. This capital recycling has provided us with the level of capital efficiency as we expanded our utility footprint in Texas with Oncor and as follow-on grew that platform with the subsequent acquisition of InfraREIT. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Trevor to review our current liquidity position and credit profile, as well as to discuss operational and financial result. Please turn to the next slide.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks Jeff. Many of you saw a similar slide at our recent Investor Day, but here we've revised it to reflect our updated liquidity position. I want to call out the largest change which is the incorporation of the proceeds received from the sale of Peruvian businesses. As of Friday, Sempra Parent's liquidity is over $6 billion, up significantly from the $3.3 billion at the Investor Day. Combined Sempra Parent's SDG&E and SoCalGas at $6.7 billion of revolving credit capacity. Those facilities are currently undrawn other than support for the approximate $600 million of commercial paper that's outstanding at Parent. As this slide illustrates, the combined Sempra family of companies have a very strong liquidity position. We currently have nearly $10 billion of liquidity including cash on hand and undrawn committed credit facility. This is before the sale of our Chilean asset, which we expect to conclude later this month. It also excludes Oncor, which has a strong liquidity position with roughly $2.5 billion. When we talk about the resilience of our business, liquidity is an important part of that because it helps us ensure that we can safely operate our businesses, fund our capital plan and support the growing dividend. Please turn to Slide 10. Now I would like to discuss the steps we're taking to improve our credit profile. Our Board of Directors and management team have taken a series of discipline steps to allocate capital more efficiently, while improving our credit metric. Specifically, we've diversified our US utility rate base into the pure play T&D assets in the Texas market, divested US renewables generation and non utility natural gas storage asset; issued $6.5 billion of common equity and mandatory convertible preferred stock as part of the $9.45 billion acquisition of Oncor and moved two of the three trains of Cameron LNG Phase 1 into operation. With the third only months away and optimized project economics and cash flows through refinancing nearly half of its project debt. When in full operation, this will provide a valuable and recurring stream of cash flows. In combination, the result has been a continuous decrease in the ratio of our holding company debt to total debt, while improving the quality of our earnings mix and business risk profile.  With this in mind, we also continue to target approximately 16% FFO to debt and 50% debt to total capitalization by year-end. We do not plan to issue any common equity to fund our current capital plan. Please turn to Slide 11. This quarter we had several positive developments at our US utility infrastructure businesses. First, at SDG&E, we had our FERC cost of capital all party settlement approved, notably our FERC authorized ROE will now be 10.6% including the continuation of the 50 basis point CAISO adder. This is an increase of 55 basis points over our previously authorized ROE of 10.05%. As a reminder, SDG&E needs FERC rate base is approximately 40% of its total rate base. We're pleased with this decision and believe it benefits all stakeholders. Second at both SDG&E and SoCalGas, we recently filed a joint petition for modification related to 2019 the general rate case. Further CPUC's direction we requested attrition rates for our fourth and fifth years. At SDG&E, we requested 4.77% and 4.64% for 2022 and 2023 respectively. At SoCalGas, we requested 4.95% and 4.16% for 2022 and 2023 respectively. In support of a five-year rate case outcome, we believe these attrition rates are reasonable and should enable us to continue investing in critical infrastructure designed to deliver safe and reliable energy to our customers and the communities we serve. We requested a final decision on this matter by year-end.  Shifting to Texas, Oncor continues to execute on its capital plan, about 90% of the projects in Oncor's transmission budget through 2021 do not need further approvals before commencing construction. On the distribution side Oncor connected approximately 18,000 new customers in the first quarter. Furthermore, overall demand in ERCOT actually increased in the first quarter of 2020 over the first quarter of last year. The increase was roughly 1%, but it's still notable given the market backdrop. In addition, Governor Abbott has announced a phased reopening of businesses to help restart the Texas economy. Please turn to Slide 12 where I'll discuss developments at Sempra LNG and Sempra Mexico. Starting at Cameron LNG Phase 1. We've achieved mechanical completion introduced feed gas and initiated the startup process for Train 3. Importantly, this keeps us on track to produce LNG in the second quarter and to place Train 3 into service early in the third quarter. At this point, construction is essentially complete and we look forward to bringing the entire facility into operation soon. As a reminder, we expect this project to generate full run rate earnings of $400 million to $450 million annually and nearly $12 billion of after-debt service cash flows back to us during the 20-year contract period. Shifting to the LNG market and our development project. We've had a long-held belief that new LNG infrastructure will be needed by the middle part of this decade to support increasing demand. But fewer projects expected to take FID as a result of reduced capital spending in the oil and gas sector and some LNG developers being financially constrained. We believe there will be an even greater need for our projects. Our financial strength and advantaged locations on the West Coast and Gulf Coast helped provide us with a competitive advantage to continue to grow our LNG infrastructure platform. Along these lines, as Jeff mentioned earlier, we recently signed 20-years sale and purchase agreements with Total and Mitsui for a total of 2.5 million tons per annum at ECA LNG Phase 1. We continue to work closely with the Mexican government to secure the final SENER permit and to reach FID. We continue to target FID this quarter and we're optimistic the permit can be issued in a timely manner to support that. Shifting to Port Arthur LNG Phase 1. This past quarter, we announced a fixed-price turnkey EPC agreement with Bechtel. However, given the current market environment, we've updated the FID timing for the project to 2021. We continue to work with our current and potential customers on the optimal timing of the project and will continue to be disciplined on how we allocate capital to the project. Turning to Sempra Mexico. We're continuing to develop projects that provide cleaner, more reliable energy as well as energy accessibility for the people of Mexico. We're continuing to monitor the situation, but as a result of the current pandemic, it's reasonable to expect that some of the construction capital will be deferred from 2020 to 2021. Nevertheless, we believe demand for our existing network of pipelines and power assets remain strong and are critical to the people of Mexico. Please turn to Slide 13. Looking at our financial results, this was a really excellent quarter. Earlier this morning, we reported strong first quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $760 million or $2.53 per share. This compares to first quarter 2019 GAAP earnings of $441 million or $1.59 per share. In our ongoing effort to build resiliency and continuing to resolve legacy matters, we reported two charges in the first quarter. First, we recorded a charge of $100 million related to our previous ownership of the RBS Sempra Commodities trading business. This charge represents an estimate to settle certain tax related legal matters associated with activities of more than a decade ago. Second, we recorded a $72 million after-tax charge related to the 2015 Aliso Canyon incident. We have recently engaged in settlement discussions with private plaintiffs related to the civil litigation. As you may recall, we settled with the government plaintiffs in 2019 for $120 million. For more information regarding Aliso Canyon, please refer to our 10-Q.  Shifting back to the consolidated earnings. On an adjusted basis, first quarter 2020 earnings were $932 million or $3.08 per share. This compares favorably to our first quarter 2019 adjusted earnings of $534 million or $1.92 per share. Please turn to Slide 14. The variance in first quarter 2020 adjusted earnings when compared to last year was affected by the following key item. $66 million of income tax benefit in 2019 at the California Utilities resulting from the January 2019 regulatory decision that provided direction on how to allocate certain excess deferred income tax balances. This was offset by a $174 million of higher earnings at the California Utilities from higher CPUC based operating margin, net of operating expenses including $120 million of lower CPUC base operating margin in 2019 due to the delay in the issuance of the 2019 GRC final decision. $136 million variance at Sempra Mexico due to the impacts from foreign currency and inflation effects net of foreign currency hedges. $85 million of higher earnings at Sempra LNG from higher equity earnings from Cameron primarily due to Train 1 and Train 2 commencing commercial operations under their tolling agreements in August 2019 and February 2020 respectively. As well as higher earnings from Sempra LNG marketing operations primarily driven by changes in natural gas prices. $38 million of higher earnings from higher electric transmission margin and SDG&E including impacts from the March 2020 FERC approved TO5settlement preceding and $11 eleven million of higher equity earnings at Sempra Texas Utilities driven primarily by the impact of Oncor's acquisition of InfraREIT in May of 2019 and higher revenues due to rates being updated to reflect increases in invested transmission capital. This was partially offset by higher operating cost and lower consumption due to weather. Please turn to the final slide. Our management team is very pleased with the progress we've made so far this year. The accomplishments discussed are a direct result of the successful execution of our strategic mission to be North America's premier energy infrastructure company. And we feel well positioned for success going forward. The key for us is to stay focused on executing our capital plan, which is primarily focused on our California and Texas utility. We also are committed to ensuring the delivery of safe and reliable energy to our customers and communities we serve, enabling energy security and diversification locally and globally and expanding energy accessibility. In combination, our strategy, well-executed capital rotation and disciplined execution of our CapEx program are all designed to improve our business resiliency and overall financial performance. Finally, I'd like to thank all of our employees particularly those on the frontlines who have continued to work diligently in pursuing our mission and safely serving our customers and community. We're fortunate to have such a talented and dedicated workforce. One that has maintained a culture of high performance during this challenging period, which has impacted us all in various ways.  With that we will conclude our prepared remarks and start to take your question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
StephenByrd: Families are doing okay in this challenging time. I wanted to first just touch on ECA and the process from here in terms of the export permit. Could you just talk in a little more detail in terms of just what the steps are to get through that process? The review by SENER and sort of just where we stand just so we can try to follow that a little - a little more closely.
JeffMartin: Thanks Stephen for that question. I'll provide a little bit of context where we're at from the LNG standpoint and then I'll pass it to Dennis who's been following that closely both on the US government side as well as the Mexican side. I think one of the things that we just like to call out for purposes of this call is we've long talked about the competitive advantages of our companies, Stephen, around scale and financial strength in the LNG space. Our long history in the natural gas space dating back to the middle part of the 1800s. The geographically advantaged nature of our project and the fact that four out of five of them are brownfield project, which we believe gives us a cost advantage. So assigning three contracts in the last three weeks. I think, it speaks to the importance of these advantages and we talked about a little bit in our prepared remarks. We've been very, very clear and consistent about our view of there being a deficit and needed export infrastructure all around the world in the middle part of the decade. And I think, as you think about the market dislocation is occurring in the oil and gas market. This is the time where we think that the need in the middle part of the decade will only become more acute because the low prices of today are allowing for greater market penetration for LNG both in new markets in Europe and particularly East Asia by the way. And I think that this same market is challenging. Many of the other less well capitalized developers. So to get two new contracts essentially to sell out the capacity of ECA is a big positive. And I would also mention this is the first time ever in the history of our company, we've had all of our customers at Cameron sign up for Phase 2. So that's a nice step forward as we look to continue to development there, but the next big step in terms of FID is the heart of your question, which is the SENER permit and I'll pass that to Dennis for additional commentary.
DennisArriola: Thanks Jeff and hi, Steven. Yes, look, there's no doubt that what's going on in Mexico with the pandemic has the government focused on that. And it is impacting the timing of the SENER approval. But I think that one of the other things - we've taken into consideration that this is the first time this SENER has had to approve an LNG export facility in Mexico. So it's a different animal for them. But having said that the discussions our teams have had with various members of the administration in Mexico, including the President himself that gives us great confidence that SENER permit is going to get approved. It's just a matter of timing and when you look at what's going on in Mexico and specifically in Baja California, this project is extremely important to that region given the number of jobs it's going to bring; the economic stimulus and just the impact it's going to have on the municipality. So we've been having conversation with the governor of the state and he's extremely supportive of this project and has spoken out on that. The other thing I've mentioned is when you look at this project; it's not only good for the US and our natural gas producers. But it brings badly-needed foreign direct investments Mexico. It brings natural gas to customers and businesses in the region and it also provides offtake customers in Asia with a highly competitive and strategic access point on the West Coast. So this is a winner. It's just a matter of time.
StephenByrd: Understood. So if I'm sort of hearing that correctly certainly Covid can cause delays but it's not as if there's some sort of change out of politically or policy-wise just that would drive a different outcome or more challenge than we've seen before.
DennisArriola: No. We don't believe so. Again, I think everyone understands the economic impact and what this does not just to export gas through Mexico, but it actually brings natural gas to that region, which badly needs it.
JeffMartin: I'd also add to Dennis's point, Steve, too is the level of support we've had from the Secretary of Energy, Secretary of State, the entire administration here in the United States has also been quite helpful. So I mean our forecast remains that we'll get the SENER permit in the second quarter. We've got the right team in place to do it. I think we have to be sensitive to the fact that everyone not just the United States, but in Mexico is taking the Covid challenge very seriously. And that's certainly impacting the delay as the agencies are currently shut down.
StephenByrd: That's really helpful color. And if I could just follow up separately on Oncor, we've always liked the growth outlook in Texas. I wondered if you could just refresh us in terms of just potential areas for additional spending, other policy objectives in the state or just any other areas of upside as you look at your Texas business.
JeffMartin: Sure. I'll tackle that at a high level. We've got the benefit of having Allen online and I'll pass it to Allen. And I'll go back to kind of fundamentals of Sempra is. I think if you've followed Stephen for a long time we've really been trying to strategically reposition the company more around utility investments in the United States and secondly specifically T&D investments. So California really is an infrastructure opportunity because we're decoupled here. This is all about deploying capital for safety and reliability in the state of California. Very, very similar in Texas not all is Oncor not commodity exposed, they don't own generation. So we're very attracted to that T&D business model, the Allen lay down at our Investor Day $11.9 billion record five-year capital program for his business and you may recall he had a separate slide on additional capital opportunities. So even though they're seeing some impacts from the pandemic in Texas like a lot of other places. Number one Governor Abbott is reopening the state. And number two really interesting feedback on the demand even in ERCOT, a year-over-year demand in Q1 was up not down which is interesting and one of the things I've been intrigued by is even as you think about impacts in the Delaware basin or the Permian, you still have a very high percentage of drillers. They're using standby generation and there's a huge price discount, it allows them to lower the marginal cost of production, if they can connect to the grid. So the activity in Allen's team remains quite high. But I'll stop and, Allen, if you can provide some more commentary about the diversity of your load and the diversity of your growth. I think that might be helpful to Stephen. 
AllenNye: You bet. Yes. And thanks Stephen for the question. And I think Jeff covered most of it, but just to reiterate our $11.9 billion over five years, we still feel good about the 3.5 based on what we know right now for this year. We actually have a little upward pressure. You may have seen we've spent a little more in Q1 than we had anticipated. But we still have - we have for example increased in generation interconnection request. I think the last time we talked we had about 10 at the analyst conference. We're up to 13 now for this year's plan. We are continuing to see some pressure in West Texas with our transmission projects out there, both on the construction clearances and on the right way side.  So we're seeing some increased CapEx there and while West Texas certainly we're going to see some offset with the customers delaying projects and things like that. Just as a data point as of last week, we did receive 22 initiative additional requests for new oil and gas load in West Texas. So we have our transmission projects that we're working, three-year project in West Texas to Jeff's point four, five with ERCOT last week identifies approximately 40% of the load in that region, oil and gas load is self-generating right now that we continue to build to those operators. I mentioned the renewable generation uptick and we're continuing invest in reliability projects and congestion relief in the area. So we feel good is based on what we know right now about our 3.5 this year as Jeff also mentioned in the Analyst conference we had a better part of a $1 billion identified as additional incremental. We'll just see how that goes, what the needs are; some of that is deferred maintenance based on the significant growth we've had over the last few years. But that's where we are right now. We feel good based on what we know about the 2.5. There are still opportunities on our system to invest. We connected 18,000 new premises in Q1. Some of those certainly will be deferred and delayed depending on how long this goes. But overall right now we feel good about our 2.5 and plus we have the incremental capital available, if necessary.
Operator: Our next question will come from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
ShahriarPourreza: Hey, guys. How are you doing? Good morning. How are you doing? Just a couple questions here on the credit metrics there's obviously a review that's outstanding, but you obviously have a very good capital recycling story with the South America asset and delevering. How patient sort of are the rating agencies on seeing the sell-through and the plan that you highlighted today? Including a noticeable reduction in the holdco debt. It's a 90-day review period. So how are their conversations going and how do we sort of think about taking the downgrade? The potential downgrade versus incremental equity that could satisfy their balance sheet concerns. You're obviously full speed ahead in LNG and regulated CapEx opportunities.
JeffMartin: Shar, I appreciate the question. And I think I'll start back in 2017 in the summer. We were looking at making the investment in EFH. We spent a lot of time with the agencies in around how we would finance the transaction. You may recall we even increased the amount of equity we used in that transaction to accommodate kind of our goals. At that time, we set out a goal that would support an investment grade plus rating to acquire that business. And one of the things you recall we did was we actually laid out a broader strategic reposition of the business about how we were moving from being South America invested to be and North American focused and not just in North America but around a different quality of asset around T&D, which I think lowered our business risk profile. At that point in time, we laid out some goals with the agencies through 2030. I mean through 2020 I'm sorry. And I think part of the discussion we had in Investor Day and on this call is really is the progress we're making toward those goals. So I think our business today with Cameron coming online with us more invested in North America and with us more invested with regulatory diversity into Texas and particularly pure-play T&D. We've made a lot of progress. I think, Trevor, perhaps you can update us on the metrics that we're tracking to and how you think we're doing for the rest of the year with the agency.
TrevorMihalik: Sure, Jeff. Thanks for the question, Shar. As Jeff said, we are continuing to target our FFO, the debt metric 16% by the end of the year and what we are also doing with the recycling of the capital targeting, our debt to cap ratio of around 50%. And we brought our Parent debt down to about 26% by the end of this year. So look, we continue to work with the agencies around our plan, help them understand how we've significantly de-risked this business. And as I said at the Analyst Conference and reiterated today. We don't have to issue equity to reach these metrics. I will say that our high BBB plus rating is important to us. But we also need to balance that with what's also important to our shareholders. And then the last thing I would also point out that we have pushed Port Arthur into 2021 and this is one of the areas that the rating agencies have raised that, if you get into LNG in a big way they would look at this and so we believe this is a very strong credit profile.
ShahriarPourreza: Got it. Thank you for that. And then just on slide 8 where you talk about sort of capital location. There's some language obviously there where you reference further expanding your utility footprint in Texas and I know Allen touched a little bit on the capital opportunities. Can you just maybe a little bit elaborate further on this? Is this organic? Is it inorganic? Are you kind of referring to the remaining ownership stake you don't own with Oncor, with TTI? Or do you see other opportunities there? Just trying to get a sense.
JeffMartin: Shar. I appreciate giving us the opportunity to clarify that. If you go back and look at the prepared remarks, what we're really talking about was the level of capital efficiency that we could generate from a relatively ambitious capital rotation program that we announced in the first half of 2018. Because as you see on that slide, it talks about announcement pending proceeds of about $8.3 billion and we bought Oncor for $9.45 billion, I mean, the EFH portion of Oncor as well as spending about another $1 billion on InfraREIT to us effectively taken place is we've taken non-core assets or assets in South America and in the process of selling those we've effectively rotated them into Oncor and InfraREIT. And this really goes to the heart of your credit question because you're getting higher quality earnings and you're getting a lower risk profile. And I think that's reflected in the original commitments we made to the agencies back in 2017. And then I would just go on to say that we're opening up a center of excellence in the second half of this year in Houston at the Galleria that's really to support the growth in Justin's business and LNG is we look could continue to support both Cameron Phase 2 and Port Arthur from that Houston office. So look, it is a market of strategic significance to us. I think the purpose of that slide, Shar; it's really highlighted capital efficiency of rotating from those businesses into a new market for us.
ShahriarPourreza: Got it. So nothing in organic for you within the state.
JeffMartin: That's right.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research LLC.
SteveFleishman: Hey. Good morning. Mainly just follow up here. So just on the - from the Texas business Oncor, do you have any data yet for the month of April since that was really when we had the - [Multiple Speakers] 
JeffMartin: That's interesting. We talked a little bit about, yes, we talked a little bit about that the overall growth profiling in ERCOT was up year-over-year and then Allen has some data for April 1. I think as you expect it's going to be different by asset class. But I think at least now and you can speak to this. I think your overall distribution revenues are up in April compared to last year. But I'll let you speak to what you're seeing on the system.
JeffMartin: Allen, are you there? 
AllenNye: Sorry. Yes. I'm here. I hit the wrong button. Thanks for question, Steve. Here's what we've got for April. Overall distribution based revenues are up 1% versus April '19 that includes residential revenue increased by about 10% versus April last year C&I is down 5.5% versus last April. Weather normalized about 1.7% lower with distribution rate that based revenues about $4 million coming off a quarter of $150 million in revenue. So that's what we've got. That's what seen so far in April. We're continuing to expect weather to be the largest driver for the remainder of the year as we talked about before. Weather typically goes plus or minus 25 in revenues and plus or minus $20 million in net income. 16 of the last 21 years have been positive in that regard So we'll see what's going to happen there. And then as someone mentioned earlier on the call, I think it was Trevor, with the governor phasing the opening of Texas. We expect to see some positives there as well. But we'll just have to see how it goes as it opens. But those are the numbers we have for April so far. Thanks.
SteveFleishman: Okay and just one follow up on that. So if you're obviously seeing a continued shut in very meaningful nominal of Texas oil rigs in particular that when we think of giving the self generation that a lot of them do and your mix that is not going to be kind of a big overall driver to your margin or how should we think about that?
AllenNye: Yes, Steve. Let me try -
JeffMartin: Sorry, go ahead, Allen. 
AllenNye: To try to address it this way, approximately 12% of our overall revenues come from West Texas; of that amount approximately 38% to 40% are on the industrial side. So the rest are residential or commercial. So that's probably some guidance on what the exposure is there. Jeff, I'm sorry I interrupted you.
JeffMartin: Oh, that's okay. I think that's very helpful. Another thing I was going to say to, Steve is that Allen's team continues to update us on, I think, something in the neighborhood of 30% or 40%. Allen, correct me if I'm wrong still you stand by generation that you have to 25%, 30% level. So there's still a clamoring for people who are producing to move to the grid but most of Allen's capital program is laid out for this year and next year's pretty much locked in the not really on incremental new growth, but catching up to a growth that's already been registered on the system. But is that a fair way to characterize it, Allen?
JeffMartin: That's correct, Jeff, both on the CapEx over the next couple of years as well as the report that we started has 40% of oil and gas load basically in the region on self-gen. Thank you. 
SteveFleishman: Great. One other general question, so just the - like to see you point to the high end of the 2020 range getting everything that's going on. So just some of the things that happen this quarter like FX can move around. So just when you think about - when we think about what's driving you to the high end of that range. Could you just kind of give a simple view of what the drivers are for that?
JeffMartin: Sure, Steve. I'd be glad to. I'll provide a little bit contexts about how I'm thinking about it and Trevor can speak to some of the drivers in the quarter. Well, I think we feel fairly confident going forward. One of the things we've done as a team, Steve, is I think back to what we tried to accomplish in 2019. You may recall having followed us that we had original guidance of $5.70 to $6.30. And in the second half a year, we raised last year's guidance just $6.00 to $6.50 and still exceeded that. You may recall just in our Q4 call we reported full-year adjusted earnings of $6.78. So we had a banner year yet last year with record earnings of $1.91 billion on adjusted basis. So to put that in perspective in the first quarter of this year we have produced and recorded roughly one half of the earnings from full year 2019, right. So even though it's early in the year, we have a pretty robust view of what we think we should accomplish. And a lot of it, Steve, is driven by the fact that across our utilities we remain on track with our capital programs which are fairly aggressive. and I'll conclude before passing to Trevor that one of the things we've agreed to do on our team is as we go into the summer, we're going to do a full bottoms up on our 2020 and our 2021 guidance range and make sure that we're in a position to make the appropriate adjustments as we go into our Q2 call. So we're quite bullish on our forecasts for 2022 and we're going to try to update that and take a second look at 2021 as we are closer to our August call But, Trevor, perhaps you can talk about some of things that you're seeing from the quarter that causes our confidence level to be high for the remainder of the year.
TrevorMihalik: Sure. Thanks Jeff. Good afternoon, Steve. Jeff really did cover a lot of this, but again I would direct you maybe to slide 14 of the deck where we did the waterfall up from last year. And again, if you take a look at some of the big drivers, you certainly are seeing the numbers at the California Utilities with the CPUC based operating margin up $174 million, very constructive rate case that we are now seeing the impact as we're implementing the rate case and providing safe and reliable service to our customers. Also, we had a good result from the FERC around the T05. And so, that also is in the transmission margin at SDG&E of $38 million as we implemented that. And then, again Cameron, we saw Train 2 come on a little early and we're hopeful that maybe Train 3 could come on a couple of weeks early and that will also give us a great deal of surety around where we're going to end up for the year. And then, Oncor continues, as Allen said, to implement their capital plan. So, we feel very, very good about the three utilities executing on this robust capital plan during the year. And then, of course, we do have mechanisms that are being put in place at the three utilities to protect from any potential downside associated with the pandemic. So again, I think that's why we felt pretty good about guiding to the upper end of the range.
SteveFleishman: Okay. I apologize; I just wanted to ask one clarification with Jeff. Just the review of 2020-2021, as you go into the middle of the year. Are you kind of saying with a bias to the upside, given what you did last year, and same thing happened as opposed to kind of dealing with pandemic-type risks? That I just wanted to clarify that.
JeffMartin: One of the things to remember Steve was in our June Analyst Day, which was in New York in 2018, we went ahead and talked about our '18 guidance and our '19 guidance, and actually put out and published our 2020 guidance, right. The $6.70 to $7.50. So, we put out that $0.80 range back in June of 2018 and that's even as we were just starting the sales process for our solar and wind. We made a decision at that point to sell South America. So, we had executed across a relatively sweeping capital rotation program, at the same time that we've been rotating capital back in the California and Texas. So, I think what you're seeing is, we had strong momentum last year while we were executing our capital rotation program. And then, you're seeing that carry through into this year and we go through a pretty bottom up process to keep an evergreen plan. But look, I think what you're hearing is, we had a remarkable first quarter in 2020. We're guiding to the high end of the range. We typically don't change our guidance this early in the year. We're certainly going to be positively inclined as we review both 2020 and 2021 as we go into the summer.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research Partners.
JonathanArnold: Hi, good afternoon. Oh, good morning to those of you guys. Hi, first on the Mexico and FX gain in the quarter, obviously on the 20% devaluation, your rule of thumb would have pointed to a bigger number. But, you tell us back then there are colors and other reasons, it wouldn't be linear. I'm just curious, is there anything embedded in Q1, where you, any hedging costs to be tried to lock some of this in perhaps or are we still open going into the rest of the year?
JeffMartin: Thanks a lot, Jonathan. I'll start with some context and pass it to Trevor; he'll review the rule of thumb and will go through the financial statement impacts. But I always want to go back to first principles, which, we've been in this business for about 20 years in Mexico, and one of the things I think has really been a critical advantage for us, has been that our contract portfolio is U.S. dollar denominated, which is a big plus in that market, and we've got contract tenor in that portfolio of over 20 years. So, we have a great long-term contracted portfolio, which is U.S. dollar based. And that comes with the obligation that at year-end, you remit your tax liability in pesos. So, Trevor's team has traditionally done a very good job of having a hedging strategy allows us to lock-in and supports our plan. And I'll pass it to Trevor to review the rule of thumb and the impact in the Q1 financial statement. And I think this is one of the things that is always important for us to talk about, when we talk about Mexico.
TrevorMihalik: Perfect, thanks, Jeff. Yes, so, Jonathan, again, I would direct you to our rule of thumb that basically says, for every 5% move in the peso, it's roughly about a $45 million of earnings impact. And again, I want to emphasize that this earnings impact is really a non-cash impact. And so, you ultimately kind of have to pay the taxes. And as Jeff said, we're U.S. dollar denominated in Mexico, but we pay taxes in the peso. So, when you actually look at Table F, and Table F is that the detailed financials that we show by each of the businesses that we put out in the morning with regards to our press release. You'll see that there are three big line items that are being impacted by FX. It's really other income that was $283 million negative in the current period, and then you have the income tax line item, that's $307 million to our benefits and that's really kind of where all of the depreciating peso manifests itself on the P&L. And then, there are also line item equity earnings. And there is - the equity earnings really is the inter-company loan that we have with the marine pipeline and that's offset really - the FX impact there is the offset in the other income and expense line item. So, quite a few moving pieces, but as Jeff said, we do look to put a hedge strategy in place really to protect ourselves from very large moves on the upside or the downside and we're really kind of at that, bumping up against that right now with regards to any further P&L benefit.
JonathanArnold: So, can I - I mean just as we say like, my question is, have you locked in any of the benefit at this point of the year?
JeffMartin: So, Jonathan, we take roughly the same approach every year, it's largely based on a costless collar. And we don't typically lock in and we have a range that we guide to and the whole goal really is to minimize impact to the plan and I think we're comfortable with what our plan is today and what we've recognized. I think, Trevor is basically saying that it's skewed basically to protect you more on the downside than upside, so you usually have a little bit more openness to a positive movement than a negative movement. We don't spend a lot of dollars to lock in the plan at any number like this.
JonathanArnold: And then just, can I ask for a little, on Chile, I think you've said you're expecting to get it done this month. And so you have reckoned in Investor Day, I think you had said that you were sort of waiting on still making the NDRC filing in China, that's the last step. And that was hopefully going to be days away. So I'm just - can you give us a - has that now been made? Or is that statement about this month sort of based on expectations of when we reopen to be able to get that last piece done?
JeffMartin: Thank you, very similar to what we're experiencing in Mexico, obviously the healthcare crisis is impacting; it's a global issue, right. But we talked about this a little bit when we talked about our capital recycling program and current liquidity in my prepared remarks. But, certainly, Jonathan, we feel like we've got momentum coming out of the approved deal, the conversations now are really around closing mechanic. Dennis, perhaps you can provide us some additional color about our confidence level for May.
DennisArriola: Sure. Thanks, Jeff, and hi, Jonathan. Yes, basically, as Jeff mentioned, we're focused on getting this thing done. I think given the fact that, China really was closed down in March and April; there is some back up in some of the approvals that have been taken place. But I'll point you to one important fact here, Space Act, which is the commission in China that approves M&A type investments outside the country; it has already approved State Grid International's investment in Chile. So that's really important. Everything that we're hearing from the State Grid International executives and their advisors and conversations that I've had, personally had with Chairman Shu of State Grid International is, they want to get this thing closed as soon as possible. This is very strategic to their company going forward. And as Jeff mentioned we're now focused really on the details and the logistics related to the closing. As you'll recall in Peru, we were able to do this virtually and we're trying to get everything done even though there is limited travel in and out of Chile. But given where we're at and the commitment and the motivation by State Grid to get this thing done, we're expecting to get it done before the end of the month.
Operator: And our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
JulienSmith: Hey, good morning, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the time of you all well. Just a couple of clarifications, probably coming back on this, but just with respect to credit, I just want to clearly understand your expectations, both in respect, what are the current minimums the rating agencies are looking for versus the numbers I think, Trevor, you articulated just now to your year-end target? And then related to that, how do you think about ECA going FID, some of the other IEnova spending moving out, how does that all filter into what the rating agencies are looking for? And again, I'm just looking to understand this relative to the Moody's moves away.
JeffMartin: So, I would just say that, as I've articulated earlier in today's call, Julien is that, we've spent a tremendous amount of time with all three agencies going back to the summer of 2017. And as we started a strategic repositioning of the Company, we laid out a set of metrics that we would guide to and that set of metrics was designed to a couple of things. Number one, we wanted on the qualitative side to make sure that we were taking steps to improve our business risk profile, at the same time that we made firm commitments around the balanced capital structure and moving to a 16% FFO to debt. So over the last three years, our targeted metrics have come down. We feel very comfortable about the commitments we've made. And what you're hearing Trevor say is, we're tracking to the commitments we've made in 2017 that were designed to make sure that we can maintain an investment grade plus credit rating. I do think Trevor has raised a good point. Some of the agencies have been more focused on whether the LNG business has a different risk profile. And I think what we point to there is, in contrast to 2017 where we were in construction mode, we're now in operating mode at Cameron and proceeding quite well toward Train 3 being online, that also will be very important. So I think what the agencies are looking for is, number one, can you complete your capital recycling program, and we're on track to do that in May of this year by closing Chile. Number two, can you Commission Train 3 on time, and then you may recall there are some guarantees related to the construction lending that falls away in the period of time after that. So we're tracking toward a basket of metrics that we've laid out going back to the summer of 2017. And we're also operationally, trying to hit our capital program produce high quality financial result and stick to our commitments around the capital recycling program. So Trevor made this comment that this is always a balance of interest, even having Port Arthur pushed into 2021, will take some pressure off those discussions. With each of the agencies, they have their own metrics that they evaluate and what we're trying to do is, we're trying to hit the ball right down the middle of the field, around the metrics that we committed to in 2017, we think our progress has been quite good.
JulienSmith: Got it. Said differently, you articulated to the rating agencies back then and they are still committed to the same path. And they're taking whatever actions they deem appropriate, but at least from your perspective, you are following through, you work on doing exactly what you've told them a couple of years ago?
JeffMartin: That's right. And look, we have great relationships with all of them. I mean this is a tough time for all of us, given the current market environment, I'm sure they are dealing with a lot of stuff too. We have very constructive relationships and what we're trying to do is, make sure in a very earnest way, Julien that we stick to the commitments that we've made regarding maintaining our investment-grade plus rating.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
MichaelLapides: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I [Tech Difficulty] can you just help us understand what - how much of the year-over-year uptick in the California Utilities is driven by the delay in the rate case? And how much is driven by what would have already recognized in the case in this year and if you could break it out for each of the utilities that would be great.
JeffMartin: Michael, you'll recall that we got our rate case approved in Q4 of last year. And this was the first ramp-based decision that the Commission has faced where Kevin and Brett laid out all the different types of spending requirements relative to the risk that they were counting in their operating environment and, in round figures, you saw an approved revenue requirement for SDG&E, that was a CAGR of about 5.7% annually across the three years of the rate case and closer to 8.5% for SoCalGas. So these were very, very robust spending requirements around robust needs on the capital side. So we knew, in Q4, and you saw the recognition is that related back to January 1 of 2019, it was a very robust decision for us, and it gave us a lot more certainty around the spending we needed to have for safety and reliability. And as you come into this year, you're seeing that spending take place. The one catch up piece which you're referring to is the FERC decision that decision relates back to June 1 of 2019. I think the key takeaway as you think about the guidance discussion we've had in our prepared remarks and during the Q&A is that our three utilities in general are right on track on the capital program and they're doing a great job of making sure that they're managing a very, very safe workplace and a safe environment for the community. So a lot of what you're hearing us talk about is we have a very constructive view of the rate decision. So think about this, we got not only a three-year rate decision, we got our cost of capital confirmed, then we got our transmission cost of capital at FERC confirmed and now we're filing for the attrition mechanisms for years four and five. So effectively, you've got a five-year runway for your California Utilities on this rate case. You have a constructive attrition mechanism; you've locked in your cost of capital in the State of California. And just in the last six weeks, you've locked in your FERC cost of capital. So the level of visibility we have to a constructive regulatory environment in California is probably as high as it's ever been since I've been with the Company.
MichaelLapides: Okay, thank you for that, Jeff. I just want to make sure that, if I'm looking at the Slide 14 that Trevor noted on, of that $174 million in year-over-year earnings with the Utilities, at the California Utilities, $120 million of that could have been recognized in the first quarter of '19, and something around $54 million of that is really kind of incremental to the first quarter of '20. Am I thinking about that right?
JeffMartin: Yes, let me let Trevor speak to the specifics of that slide for you, Michael.
TrevorMihalik: Yes, generally, Michael. If you look at that, the $174 million is the uplift from the rate case across the two utilities, but again because we got the rate case late in 2019, a piece of that are retroactive back and the piece that's retroactive, of the $174 million, it's roughly two-thirds retroactive. And then one-third is the continuing uplift from that number. So again, the $174 million is the full impact of the rate case. But if we had gotten the rate case on a timely basis, you could assume that roughly two-thirds of that $174 million would have been kind of not in a variance number.
JeffMartin: Just I'll add is, I mean, because the Q1 of 2019 did not have rate case there.
MichaelLapides: Understood, that's super helpful guys. And then one thing on Cameron, just the capital structure, can you remind us how much of that debt is bullet debt and how much of the debt is the amortizing debt? In the bullet debt, what kind of maturity schedule is that? Is it during the lifetime of the contract? Is it beyond the lifetime in the contract? How does that work?
JeffMartin: I'll pass that to Faisel, who is handling that for us.
FaiselKhan: Yes, there is - Michael there is more maturities and all these bonds are traded in the public market. But it's roughly a $3 billion of bond. Three of those are bullet maturities in '35 - sorry in 2035 and 2038 and 2031, the last one at 2039 bond is an amortizing bond. All of those bonds mature before the end of our contract date.
Operator: And next will be Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
AnthonyCrowdell: Hi, good morning. Hopefully, I can ask one question and one follow-up. So, just specific to Port Arthur, the decision gets pushed until next year. Is the challenges related to that decision more on the demand side, the supply side or just the global economic overhang right now because of the virus?
JeffMartin: Anthony, this is Jeff. I appreciate the question. We certainly think that what's unique about Port Arthur; you'll recall that that's the one Greenfield project we have in our portfolio. The other four are brownfield and have a cost advantage, and the real value of Port Arthur is its scale. So there are really three mega projects on the drawing board globally today. Arctic LNG, which is going forward in North Russia; the Qatari project, which has been delayed; and the Port Arthur project. And I think we've got the benefit of having Justin with us here today and maybe Justin, you can talk about where we're at on the marketing side and what you're doing to actually make that project more competitive.
JustinBird: Yes. Thank you, Jeff, and thanks for the question, Anthony. So again, I think our permits of the LNG business are that we saw a need for additional infrastructure in the LNG space in the mid 2020s. We think North America will play a critical role in that and frankly we at Sempra think, on a risk adjusted basis, we can earn returns in excess of those of our utilities side. So, at Port Arthur, we see again a great opportunity, really, as Jeff said about the size and scale of that project. We are currently working with Aramco and with PGNIG as the optimal timing for this project. To the heart of your question, I think there are really three things. One would be the state of the financial markets. I think the ability to go out and project finance Port Arthur in the current market is somewhat limited. Second, to your point, is a bit of the marketing. I think in the short term, we see some uncertainty and unpredictability given what we're seeing in the oil prices. And the third thing I'd say is that we, at Sempra, in partnership with Bechtel, see some opportunities to potentially decrease the cost of the construction, given that we're seeing a global slowdown on large capital projects. So, we think frankly this project can be stronger, although delayed. We think it will be bring a better return to our investors and frankly be a better project for our customers.
AnthonyCrowdell: Great. Thanks. And my follow-up, this is kind of, I guess, following up on Shar's question. The company has done a great job of recycling capital on the transition to more core assets; the LNG gets pushed out potential year, potentially longer. There's some dislocation in market values right now. Does the company look to replicate your success, maybe of what's going on the last two years with buying of Texas assets and looking at other assets in the U.S.?
JeffMartin: So it's a good question, and I think that we have tried to be very, very disciplined on the management team and with our Board of Directors of laying out a strategic repositioning of the company, right. So we've had a pretty sweeping program over the last two plus years. I think the team has executed very well, I think, Dennis and Trevor and Kevin Sagara and others have all been part of that program. So we're very pleased with the fact that we've gone from being a Western Hemisphere focused company to being a North American focused company and specifically in North America, we're coming much more weighted toward U.S. utilities with less focus on California, more going toward Texas. I think one of the things I would take away from your question is, Oncor is a very unique opportunity, right, you had 80% position in a pure play T&D Company, probably the number one asset in America that had some distress around it and it was something we had looked at for a long period of time. So it was an opportunity, as part of capital recycling to go into Texas with a marquee purchase. But look, we don't, we don't talk about future M&A, really I think what we're really focused on is we have a very attractive capital program and we're going to execute it with a lot of discipline and focus.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
JeremyTonet: Good morning. Thanks for having me. Hi, good morning. Just wanted to kind of turn back. We have a couple of conversations here and just given the conversations that we've been having with regards to the Moody's outlook and kind of maybe their impression of the LNG side, just wondering if that - if it goes into how you think about future LNG expansion FIDs going forward or how you go about financing it? Any thoughts that you could share there?
JeffMartin: No, I would just say that I think we're really excited about the progress we've made at Cameron, right? So as we bring the third train of Cameron on in Q3 of this year, that is a really valuable asset to us. We're going to be very, very disciplined. We talked about this at our Investor Day. Certainly, we've made a great step forward with ECA. Now, ECA is a smaller project of about 2.5 million tons per annum and I would also note that the tolling structure at Cameron was fairly unique and having now for the first time all three MOUs in place is a positive signal for Cameron. So yes, Port Arthur is slipping a little bit, but as we go into the future, what you should expect us to do is look at all sources of capital. There is a tremendous amount of low cost private equity capital out there today and we'll look to basically approach this business model as an adjacency with a very disciplined approach and we've said before, we think that we'll either get a much significantly higher equity return that we do in our utilities or we will not proceed on a project. So by seeing us announce the contracts that you've seen at ECA that should be validating to you that we're seeing the opportunity to proceed in a disciplined way that returns a lot of value to our shareholders.
JeremyTonet: That's helpful, thanks. And then just a clean-up if I could, with regards to the Mexican CapEx, I think you said, it could be delayed and I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on what type of CapEx that is and granted, it's a small part of the portfolio, but any sensitivity to EPS this year or next?
JeffMartin: Look, obviously, Mexico is a little bit further behind the United States relative to the pandemic. And I think very similar to the path you saw us take at Sempra, where we want to make sure that we preserved our liquidity and our balance sheet strength as we headed into this environment, I think they're doing the same thing, they're making all the prudent moves you expect them to make at IEnova perhaps, Dennis you could comment on the steps they've taken to strengthen their balance sheet and liquidity and how you're thinking about the CapEx program for 2020?
DennisArriola: Sure. Thanks. Thanks, Jeff and Hi, Jeremy. Yes, from an IEnova standpoint, I think they're doing all the right things as Jeff said. Number one was they strengthened their overall liquidity position and cash and available credit lines, close to $1 billion as of right now. They've been focused on operating expenses, those things that don't need to be spent, are not being spent. And from a CapEx perspective, what I would tell you is that the Company, the management team in Mexico is really been focused on getting done those projects that are near completion. If you think about the storage terminals and some of the other projects that we have that are nearly done, those are going to be completed. In other cases, we're looking at other projects where we don't have all the - the full approvals or permits and talking with our customers to see if it makes sense for both parties to potentially push off or delay CapEx. So no major announcements to be made there today other than I think we're taking a very prudent look at what's happening in Mexico. I think we continue to believe that the energy picture in Mexico over the long term is a really positive one and IEnova is better positioned and anyone to take advantage of that, but I think the management team there is being very prudent about its resources.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Levine with Citi.
RyanLevine: Hi. Given the extensive cost cutting review that Sempra has completed over the last few years, does COVID-19 bring to light any additional opportunities across the business portfolio?
JeffMartin: Yes, it's interesting that you asked that question. I think that we're all learning about flexible work schedules and the value of working remotely. I mean, the building that I'm in currently, we've had almost practically all of our corporate staff working from home. So one of the things we're doing under the leadership of our Chief Human Resources Officer is part of the task force that Dennis heads up is, we're going to do an enterprise-wide look at how we think about workspace relative to people that can work from home, even though our Utilities today, which have been deemed essential workers, we have a large workforce in the field. We also have a lot - several thousand people working from home as well. So you're absolutely right. We've had two different cost initiatives over the last two years, led by the parent company and we will review as we transition folks back to work, what office space is needed and what type of changes we make to flexible working, but this is probably something that almost every business will be reviewing as they try to find ways to support their employees improve productivity and perhaps find ways to take more cost out of their business. But thank you for asking that question.
RyanLevine: Okay. And then one related to Texas. Thank you for the disclosure around the 90% pre-approved CapEx spending through 2021 within Oncor. Is there any color you're able to share for 2022 and beyond in terms of the CapEx that already has pre-approval with ESGP?
JeffMartin: We laid out at our Investor Day, kind of the five-year numbers for each of our business, what leads around the utilities and their total number, there is $11.9 billion, and what he was speaking to was obviously the certainty he had in '20 and '21. We haven't provided forward guidance relative to the certainty of the 2023 through 2024 numbers, but we feel very good about the capital program. And I think one thing that would make you feel a little bit better Ryan is, in the Investor Day presentation, Allen laid out another roughly $1 billion of capital in addition to the $11.9 billion and that provides that we made at Investor Day was, don't think about that as incremental capital to the $11.9 billion, it really gave Allen and Jim Greer and the team the opportunity that if one project slipped, they had plenty of other projects, whether it was maintenance CapEx or otherwise, that they can slip in there. So I think it was our perspective that, that incremental capital slide really was intended to give us confidence that there is $11.9 billion capital program there over five years.
Operator: And our next question will come from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc.
SophieKarp: Hi, good afternoon. Most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to have a quick follow-up on Texas. From not to beat this horse to death, I guess, but I think the perception has been historically that you like Texas and you wanted to get potentially bigger in Texas. Is that wrong or is it just the timing is not right, you are being more cautious on that. Could you maybe comment on that a little bit? Thank you.
JeffMartin: Sure. I think if you went back to our 2017 numbers, roughly 70% or just over 70% of the earnings composition of Sempra came from our California Utilities and we think California is a very constructive regulatory environment. We felt like longer term, we were looking for opportunities to get more regulatory diversity. We also think that Texas is a good role model by having their retail market separate and they have a pure T&D model. So as we thought about our strategy, our desire to have more of a bond like portfolio where we were not exposed to as much downstream consumer risk, nor exposed to upstream commodity or generation risks, the Texas marketplace very much reflects how we think about the best risk-reward for our stakeholders. So we certainly, we like the marketplace, we like it even in today's climate. I think as you heard Allen and the team talk about, the certainty they have around their capital program and their earnings forecast, it's really all the reasons why we wouldn't be in that marketplace and you saw us add to that portfolio with InfraREIT and we've announced that the opening of the Houston office to support our LNG growth. Even though Justin's team has delayed Port Arthur, if where Port Arthur to go forward that will be the largest civil works project in North America, right. So Texas is really is a market of priority for us. I think it achieves a lot - it checks a lot of boxes we think about strategically.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the conference back over to Jeff Martin for any closing or additional remarks.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot. Well, look as we look to close the call, I want to thank all the employees that have joined to get an update on their Company and thank everyone from the sell-side and the buy-side community for listening in today. We know you have a lot of options in terms of where you invest your time and there were certainly some other calls going on concurrently. But we appreciate it, having the opportunity to update you on our results. Most importantly, hope everyone stays safe during these challenging times. I appreciate all of you joining and free to reach out to our IR team per custom with any additional questions. This concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-27 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Faisel Khan. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan: Good morning and welcome to Sempra Energy’s fourth quarter 2019 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investor section. Here in San Diego are several members of our management team, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dennis Arriola, Executive Vice President and Group President; George Bilicic, President and Chief Legal Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Peter Wall, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company’s most recent 10-K filed with the SEC. It’s important to note that all of our earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for reconciliation to GAAP measures. I would also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, February 27, 2020 and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 4 and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot, Faisel and thank you all for joining us today. In 2018, we laid out a strategic plan known as Vision 2022, which centered on our goal of becoming North America’s premier energy infrastructure company. Over the past few years, we have made significant progress towards that goal and notably, we have sharpened our focus on the most attractive growth markets right here in North America, simplified our business model and strengthened our balance sheet. We have executed on this strategy by divesting non-core assets and reinvesting the proceeds into higher growth markets, namely California, Texas and Mexico in the liquefied natural gas export markets. These markets now enables us to focus on the delivery of cleaner and more secure forms of energy to consumers right here in North America as well as abroad. In addition, within the energy value chain, we are focused on transmission and distribution investments that provide attractive risk-adjusted returns and offer higher value for our stakeholders. This improved focus in capital discipline is paying dividends and our full year 2019 financial results are a direct reflection of these efforts. Earlier this morning, we reported full year 2019 adjusted earnings of $6.78 per share, the highest in our company’s history. I will also point out that these strong 2019 financial results put us above our full year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance range and highlight our company’s continued execution of our mission to become North America’s premier energy infrastructure company. In line with this positive momentum, we are affirming our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range and issuing our 2021 EPS guidance range. Additionally, our Board of Directors recently approved an 8% increase to our annualized dividend. On average, we have grown our dividend by over 10% annually for the last decade, which is one of the highest dividend growth rates in the utility industry. And to be clear, this represents our continued commitment to returning value to our shareholders. Please turn to the next slide, where I will provide an update on our strategic business review. As you will recall, we continue to review each of our businesses with a view towards continuing to optimize our capital allocation. This includes taking steps to integrate our overarching strategy, not just financially, but also operationally with the focus on people, priorities and culture all viewed to the lens of keeping our employees and communities safe. Based on our ongoing business review, we believe our sharpened geographic focus, favorable position in the energy value chain and high performance culture combine to offer unique visibility into our overall growth profile. Moreover, the continued execution of our strategy offers the opportunity to have a smaller geographic footprint, focused right here in North America with a bigger impact. Please turn to the next slide, where I will recap some of our notable accomplishments from 2019. In 2019, our company realized significant operational, financial, regulatory and legislative progress. I won’t discuss everything that’s referenced on the slide, but I did want to highlight a few key takeaways. Let’s start with our California Utilities. In 2019, we circled three opportunities that we thought could improve our California businesses. First, securing critical wildfire legislation, second, completing the 2019 GRC, and third, advancing our 2020 cost of capital filings. I’m happy to report that we reached constructive outcomes on each of these three items. At SDG&E, specifically, I wanted to highlight that we also announced the Fire Safe 3.0 program. This forward looking initiative is a continuation of SDG&E’s industry leading Wildfire Mitigation program that has been built over the last decade. We are very excited about this initiative, which demonstrates our ability to innovate and improve how we deliver safe and reliable energy to our customers. In addition, we continue to work with the state and others to help to mitigate the risk of wildfires all across California. Turning to our Texas Utilities, Oncor completed its acquisition of InfraREIT and rolled out a new 5-year capital plan of approximately $11.9 billion. This plan reflects the continued growth that’s occurring across Oncor service territory. Moving on to our LNG business, in 2019, we made progress on Cameron LNG putting Train 1 into service and starting production at Train 2. We also continue to advance commercial discussions with potential partners and off-takers for our LNG development projects, most notably, signing an HOA with Aramco Services Company for our proposed Port Arthur LNG project. We look forward to providing you with an updated view on the global LNG market as well as our four development projects at our upcoming Investor Day in March. Lastly, at Sempra Mexico, we announced contractual agreements with Mexico’s CFE and established a constructive relationship with the new administration. Additionally we placed the Marine Pipeline into service, increasing Mexico’s capacity to import affordable and reliable U.S. natural gas, which is displacing oil-fired electric generation and fueling their economy. This is yet again another example of how we’re helping to enable the energy transition in every market we serve. We look forward to completing the other projects in our investment pipeline, to further increase energy accessibility and reliability for the people in Mexico. Next please turn to Slide 7 and I’ll turn the call over to Trevor, who will review our business updates and financial results.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. Let me start off by reviewing some key developments at our businesses so far this year. As Jeff mentioned earlier last year, we received a final decision on our California utilities GRC filings for the period 2019 through 2021. And in mid-January, the CPUC approved an extension of the GRC cycle. As a transitional step to migrate to utilities to a staggered full year GRC period, the decision directs SDG&E and SoCalGas to request two additional years. This results in a one-time 5-year GRC cycle covering the years 2019 through 2023. SDG&E and SoCalGas will soon file petitions for modifications to adjust their 2019 GRC decision for this extension. Subsequent to 2023, SDG&E and SoCalGas will revert to the new four-year GRC cycle. We believe the extension of the GRC cycle is a very constructive development. This decision increases the utilities’ visibility into the future and should benefit all stakeholders as we implement a robust capital program around safety and reliability. Additionally, SDG&E recently received CPUC approval for its Line 1600 pipeline project. Work on this project has started and will be completed in phases, ending in 2024. This safety and reliability related project involves testing and replacing high consequence pipeline infrastructure that was originally constructed in 1949. The Line 1600 project is included in our base capital plan. Both the GRC outcome and this investment, further demonstrates the state’s ongoing commitment to the safety and reliability of the gas and electric systems. SDG&E also filed its Wildfire Mitigation Plan in early February. This filing exemplifies the company’s continued commitment to safety and reliability. Over the past decade, SDG&E has established itself as an industry leader in wildfire risk mitigation and plans to continue innovating and utilizing cutting-edge technologies to keep our customers and communities safe. Moving to Texas, we recently acquired Hunt’s 1% indirect interest in TTI. This brings our total indirect interest in Oncor to 80.45%. We continue to be impressed by the rapid growth in Oncor’s service territory and the overall macro and business environment. We look forward to Oncor providing additional updates on their business and the growth that you are seeing at our Investor Day in March. Shifting to Sempra LNG, Sempra Cameron LNG recently completed refinancing $3 billion of it’s over $7 billion project level debt, resulting in improved near term cash flows and an overall increase in the project’s net present value. Additionally, we recently achieved substantial completion for Train 2 and expect to start up commercial operation in the coming days. I’ll highlight that Cameron LNG facility is approximately 99% complete and the progress to-date gives us confidence in the project timeline. In our proposed Port Arthur LNG project, we recently signed an Interim Project Participation Agreement with Aramco Services Company which is another great step forward for the project. We continue to engage in commercial discussions with other potential customers and partners and are targeting a final investment decision in the third quarter of 2020. For our proposed ECA LNG Phase 1 project we have selected TechnipFMC as our EPC contractor and expect to sign a lump-sum turnkey EPC contract in the coming days. Notably, we continue to expect a final investment decision later this quarter. Lastly, we continue to advance the sales of our South American businesses and expect to close the divestitures within the next 4 to 8 weeks. Please turn to the next slide and I will review our financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter 2019 GAAP earnings of $447 million or $1.55 per share. This compares to fourth quarter 2018 GAAP earnings of $864 million or $3.03 per share. On an adjusted basis, fourth quarter 2019 earnings were $447 million or $1.55 per share. This compares to our fourth quarter 2018 adjusted earnings of $431 million or $1.56 per share. Full year 2019 GAAP earnings were $2.055 billion or $7.29 per share. This compares to 2018 GAAP earnings of $924 million or $3.42 per share. On an adjusted basis, full year 2019 earnings were $1.911 billion or $6.78 per share. This compares favorably to our full year 2018 adjusted earnings of $1.503 billion or $5.57 per share. Please turn to Slide 9. I’ll reiterate that our full year 2019 adjusted earnings are the strongest in the history of our company. Year-over-year, our adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per share grew by 27% and 22%, respectively. The variance in full year 2019 adjusted earnings when compared to last year, was affected by the following key items; $287 million of higher earnings at the California Utilities from higher CPUC base operating margin authorized in 2019, predominantly driven by the timing of the GRC final decision and it’s corresponding impact on earnings recognition versus timing of spend; $157 million of higher equity earnings at the Sempra Texas Utility segment due to a full year of earnings from Oncor, Oncor’s acquisition of InfraREIT and higher revenues due to rate updates to reflect increases in investor transmission capital offset by higher operating costs; $38 million and $31 million at SoCalGas and SDG&E respectively related to the January 2019 CPUC decision allocating certain accumulated deferred income tax balances to shareholders. This benefit was included in our 2019 adjusted guidance; and $36 million of higher equity earnings at Sempra LNG from Cameron LNG Train 1 commencing commercial operations in August of 2019. These items were offset by $92 million of lower earnings at Sempra Renewables related to the assets sold in December of ‘18 and April of ‘19; $19 million of lower equity earnings at Sempra LNG due to the write-off of unamortized debt issue costs and associated fees to Cameron LNGs debt refinancing; and $10 million at SDG&E from the amortization of its wildfire fund assets. While we are not adjusting out the earnings impact of the annual wildfire amortization, we anticipate an impact to earnings of approximately $21 million per year on a go-forward basis. Please turn to the next slide. As most of you are aware, this March, we will be hosting our 2020 Investor Day at our headquarters here in San Diego. We are excited to provide you with an update on our business, which will include a review of our strategic vision, a discussion of our more focused portfolio, an update on each operating company and greater visibility into our long term financial plan. Please turn to the next slide, where I will provide a brief preview of our Investor Day that highlights our robust capital plan and visibility into our future earnings growth. Given the 2019 GRC at our California Utilities, the updated Oncor capital plan and recent feedback we have received from many of you, we wanted to preview some of the highlights of our upcoming Investor Day. First, our 5-year capital plan has increased from $25 billion to approximately $32 billion, the highest in our company’s history. This capital plan is predominantly driven by our three U.S. utilities. Second, given the robust capital plan, we project an approximately 9% rate base CAGR, resulting in a projected combined rate base of over $50 billion by 2024. And lastly, we plan to fund this robust capital program with a portion of the proceeds from the sale of our South American businesses, cash flows from operations and other sources. We will evaluate potential sources of financing based on the timing of our investments as well as a view toward maintaining a strong balance sheet. This really is an exciting time for our company and we look forward to sharing more details about our businesses and the overarching strategy at our Investor Day. Please turn to the last slide. In summary, 2019 was another excellent year for our company, both operationally and financially. The 8% increase to our dividend, affirmation of full year 2020 adjusted EPS guidance, which includes the sale of South America and the issuance of our full year 2021 EPS guidance of $7.50 to $8.10 is a continuation of this positive momentum. As we shift our focus to the next several years, we remain committed to executing our financial plan, strengthening our balance sheet and maximizing value for all of our stakeholders. Our priority continues to be positioning our company for sustained growth, while connecting people to the cleaner and more affordable energy they need to power their lives. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and stop to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning to you.
Jeff Martin: Hey, Julien. How are you doing?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great, thank you. Congratulations. So maybe truly impressive, maybe to turn it back to you on the financing and listen, I bet every question you are going to get here is going to be somewhat of an ask around this Analyst Day. But when you think about the financing around this plan, the $32 billion plus some of the conversations out of the agencies, how do you think about that alongside also this FID with ECA etcetera? I mean there is so many different moving pieces here, again it’s a leading indicator as to why you are having an Analyst Day to begin with, but at least initially, how are you thinking about dealing with the questions on the rating along with the – you have higher CapEx and along with funding a successful FID on LNG?
Jeff Martin: Thank you for that question. I think the key takeaway Julien is that we have got a lot of options to fund our expected growth. I would start with the expected sale of proceeds from South America. Those two transactions continue to go well. We expect to close Chile next month. Peru could close next month, but it may slip into April. And by all indications, we are in good shape on both of those. We expect to use those proceeds which we talked about in our prepared remarks of roughly $4.55 billion to $4.85 billion and those are after-tax numbers to repay debt and also fund growth. We have targeted debt to cap by year end at 50% and that’s consistent with the commitments we made for the rating agencies back-load to the Oncor deal. Also the thing we are pretty excited about is Phase 1 of Cameron continues to go quite well. We are actually expecting to have commercial operations on Train 2 in a couple of days. And when all three trains are online, we expect to have $400 million to $450 million of earnings from that project and more importantly, about $12 billion of after debt service cash over the project life. And I think to your larger point, as you have seen us do in the past, particularly in 2018 and ‘19, we will always evaluate all available sources of financing with a view towards financing our growth as efficiently as possible and maintaining a strong balance sheet.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: That makes sense. And Jeff, while I have you, a quick follow-up here, when you think about your strategic options here, obviously you are very focused on execution at the core businesses, but you alluded to potential strategic opportunities a few calls ago. You guys executed on what is a pretty small piece here with the Oncor uptick, any latest thoughts about expansion in Texas in a bigger, more holistic sense, take it or leave it?
Jeff Martin: I appreciate you asking that. We don’t want to obviously communicate anything around mergers or acquisitions. But I can say that we have laid out a pretty important campaign, the inter-Texas obviously that started the Oncor transaction. It led to the InfraREIT transaction. We continue to develop relationships, which we think are important in Texas for execution. And you may have seen, we opened a Houston office. We made that announcement in the last month or two and that’s where we are going to have a Center of Excellence both for Sempra Energy office as well as the office – some of our engineering and construction folks who will be supporting Cameron expansion and Port Arthur. And obviously, Julien, Port Arthur is a priority to us. So just as a market opportunity, Texas is a top priority to our company and we look forward to continuing to execute in the straight line there.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I will turn it over. Thank you very much. Look forward to seeing you, guys.
Jeff Martin: Appreciate it, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning.
Jeff Martin: Hey, Greg.
Greg Gordon: So looking – just going all the way back to the Analyst Day disclosures and looking at the expected rate base, the CapEx and rate base numbers, you have obviously had a significant increase in both, it looks to me – and I just wanted to confirm that this is correct that looking at 2022 rate base from Analyst Day, which was $41.5 billion, Analyst Day from SDG&E, SoCalGas and the Texas Utilities, it’s now 10% higher, $45.7 billion in ‘22, am I reading that correctly that through a combination of the acquiring Sharyland, the increase in the Texas opportunity plus the rate case outcome that you are looking at a 10% higher rate base in ‘22 than you were looking at in March of last year?
Jeff Martin: I think that’s correct for ‘22 and I think it’s also a change of about $7 billion across the 5-year period as a comparison.
Greg Gordon: And look, I think Julian tried to ask this question, maybe it was a bit too broadly presented to you. So I will try again in a little bit more of a narrow perspective. Before we think about any other growth opportunities associated with the large capital expenditures you might need for ECA or Port Arthur or Cameron expansion, if all we were looking at was the funding of this growth opportunity in the utility businesses, did you just articulate that you thought you could do that organically or did I misread that and you are going to give us the equity needs on Analyst Day?
Jeff Martin: I think you should expect, well, I guess, maybe a lot more detail at the Analyst Day, but I think if you think about how we have executed in the past, we have tried to be very, very efficient in terms of how we have accessed lowest cost forms of capital. Clearly, we are looking at our growth through the lens of maintaining a strong balance sheet. And I think obviously we don’t want to forecast capital market activities, but we feel very good about the options in front of us. And look, we have a great problem here, right we have got a great big capital program. We have better visibility. In fact, we are having conversations in the last few days that we have taken a lot of risk off the table of SB 1054 having both rate cases get finished in California was a big deal. And now this is the first time ever, we don’t have a 3-year rate case in California, Greg. We are looking at 5-year numbers that we are discussing on the phone and we have a 5-year rate case. We still got to make some petitions for modifications there. So I think we are in a position where we have unique visibility into the earnings power of the company and how much of it will be driven by rate base in this capital program that we are discussing, it’s about 88% geared toward U.S. based utilities. So we feel very good about it.
Greg Gordon: One more question before I hop off. My sense is that some of the reason why the stock is performing less well than it probably would if just all you were telling people was how great the utility story has evolved is because of trepidation over the growth opportunity in LNG given the contraction we are seeing in global economic activity because of coronavirus. What can you tell us about how that’s affecting your negotiations, because at this point, I think people are just presuming that FID on Port Arthur at a minimum is off the table for the foreseeable future given market conditions?
Jeff Martin: I appreciate you asking that question. I would start by going back, Greg and talking just briefly about our strategy. We are very focused on our long-term investments. As you have just been talking about, we do that through our California and Texas Utilities and outside of our utilities, obviously we are focused on long-term contracts with good counterparties. Today, there aren’t any investments in our portfolio, zero, where we are allocating dollars to things which are exposed to commodity-driven businesses or based on short-term fundamentals. So as you turn to LNG, we have a deal in the marketplace, right. I mean there is a lot of people out there today that believe if the LNG marketplace will grow at 4%, 5%, we are talking with some counterparties that think it will grow at a 10% CAGR across the next decade. And our view is by the middle of the decade, there will be a shortage in available capacity to meet LNG demand. So even though growth rates vary, people have different views on it. But as you know, that’s what creates the market and we think we are probably best positioned. When you think about the backdrop in North America, this is the market that has the lowest priced natural gas, it has the lowest priced volatility, it’s got certainty of supply and execution and deep capital markets and we take that backdrop, Greg and we overlay it with 4 of our 5 projects are Brownfield, which creates a cost advantage and we have got access both to the West Coast and the Gulf Coast. Our confidence level in LNG remains the same. Right, it’s a long-term focus. We expect to take FID on ECA in the next 30 to 45 days. Port Arthur remains on track, we believe to take FID in the third quarter. We have teams on the ground today in Saudi Arabia. We have folks in Western Europe. Our conversations remain focused on the long-term opportunities. And maybe as one final data point, turning to one of our execution program from Cameron to Port Arthur to ECA 1 calls for 24 million tons per annum. We have 21 signed up for 20-year contracts. So we are working on the last 12% currently and we remain optimistic.
Greg Gordon: Thank you. Very detailed answer. Have a great day.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Greg. Appreciate it.
Operator: Now we take our next question from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, thank you. Just maybe one follow-up, I would assume that the – whatever your varied financing plans are would already be incorporated in the 2021 guidance range that you provided for the first time?
Jeff Martin: What I would say as we have laid out our capital program for 5 years for you, which is kind of front-running the analyst conference, we would expect to fully provide details on each of the business unit guidance going forward and we are going to source financings as we think is necessary to meet that growth, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, okay. But it would have – I don’t know what it’s going to be, but I assume it would be in there already?
Jeff Martin: Yes.
Steve Fleishman: Because the rate base is in there, so then the financing, okay. Thanks. And then just with respect to, you mentioned very confident on closing the South America sales, my recollection is just like very little. There is no real way to – I don’t want to get out of those agreements. So I just wanted to reconfirm your confidence there in closing shortly?
Jeff Martin: Yes. Just to clarify on your first question, the answer was yes, just so we are clear. We have laid out guidance ranges that we are prepared to execute on relative to all of the financing options we will look at. On the South American question, those are progressing quite well. I have got Dennis Arriola here who is point person for our South American businesses and maybe Dennis, you can provide some details about our confidence level in closing those two deals.
Dennis Arriola: Sure. Thanks Steve for the question. Now, things are going well. Obviously at the end of the year and in January that slowed down a little bit because of the holiday season. But we are progressing well with the antitrust bodies both in Chile and Peru and we are experiencing really good cooperation from each of the buyers. They are working through their transition plans from people, from financing, from systems and everything. So everything is on track, as Jeff said, to close over the next 4 to 8 weeks. So we are excited about it.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot, Steve.
Operator: And now we take our next question from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hi, thanks everybody. Appreciate you all taking my question. I am looking at the capital plan slide. Actually I want to ask questions about the smaller wedges in there. Can you give a little detail about what specifically is in the $2.4 billion in the LNG bucket and the $2 billion in Mexico?
Jeff Martin: Sure. I will just start by giving you a little bit of coverage and then Trevor can address that, but we will give you full detail, Michael, as we get closer now to analyst conference, including by the way business unit level earnings ranges, but, Trevor do you want to speak to the capital side?
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, sure. Thank you, Michael. So predominantly in LNG, what you have got there is the cost for ECA, mid-scale. So that’s the large uplift there. And in Mexico, that’s predominantly associated with the build-out of their remaining projects around their fuel storage terminals and other projects like that.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And is the ECA number, is that 100% or is that your pro rata share?
Trevor Mihalik: That’s our pro rata share.
Michael Lapides: Okay, great.
Trevor Mihalik: Right. 100% of the – on the LNG side, it’s a 100% of the CapEx associated with ECA and then for Mexico because it’s consolidated, it’s also 100%. So you have to take the minority interest out of there.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And also just thinking of sources of cash, you have the opportunity to go, I don’t want to call it recapitalize, but refinance the debt structure at Cameron 1, 2, 3 and for many companies, tax deferrals or low cash tax payments tend to be a source of cash. Can you just talk a little bit about that, Trevor, just where you stand maybe in the kind of the debt restructuring or recapitalization at Cameron 1, 2, 3 and about how big of a cash taxpayer you expect to be?
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, sure. No problem at all. So, as we mentioned on the prepared comments, we refinanced call it just under half of the existing debt at $3 billion and we took a little bit of a charge in ‘19 associated with that. That really stretched out the tenure of the debts to about 15 years and that’s why we are saying it improved the economics, because it’s improving the front-end cash flow on the project. With regards to the NOLs, roughly, we still are in NOL position through about 2024 and that it will kind of roll off over a 4, 5-year period.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated and we’ll obviously see you all in late March.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And now we take our next question from Ryan Levine from Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: Hi. I wanted to ask one on Oncor, I mean, given the slowdown in commodity prices and potential slowdown in activity in the Permian in Texas. Can you speak to how insulated the CapEx outlook is within your plan and if there is any opportunity to review some of the spending?
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot, Ryan. Things are going very well for Oncor. We have got $11.9 billion in the capital plan. In fact, we are forecasting continued electricity growth, particularly in the west end of their system about an incremental 40% between now and 2022. So there is a lot of growth taking place both in the Dallas, Fort Worth area as well as West Texas. So we don’t see any slowdown at all. In fact, we are continuing to be strained to meet all the capital needs for growth in that service territory.
Ryan Levine: If the commodity price outlook were to continue to be under pressure, is there any capital that’s tied to E&P activity that could be curtailed maybe in the longer duration spending?
Jeff Martin: Well, we would always follow that particularly in West Texas. A lot of that growth, Ryan is also coming from the fact they have got about 95,000 megawatts of wind and solar and other generation in the interconnection through for ERCOT. A lot of that solar particularly is in West Texas. A lot of that is the transmission build-out that’s unrelated to the E&P activity.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then in terms of the South America sale, is there any delay that’s associated with the coronavirus in terms of the timing of closing the transaction or is it purely working through some of the remaining tax issues or other final closing proceedings?
Jeff Martin: Yes. I think we feel confident to be very clear that both of those transactions are in good shape. We expect to close Chile as early as the middle of next month and then Peru will follow a few weeks thereafter. So I think we are in good shape on both of those transactions.
Ryan Levine: Okay, thank you.
Jeff Martin: Appreciate it.
Operator: And now we take our next question from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just to follow-up on a few things here. With respect to coronavirus, I know you guys have long been avoiding commodity risk and what have you, but has there been any change given what’s going on in terms of potential – your evaluation of counterparty risk or anything you see out there as a result of what we are seeing?
Jeff Martin: I mean, obviously, I think you are asking about the virus generally impact some of the markets we are focused on in our LNG business and we haven’t seen any sign. And obviously as you would expect, we are thoughtful about where people travel. We have instituted programs inside the company to make sure we are thoughtful about protecting our employees. But in terms of conversation with counterparties remember, we have a long-term view about supply and demand in the middle part of the decade and we are really dealing with people, Paul, that have a shared view of the potential infrastructure shortage. So the virus issue hasn’t really impacted our negotiations with the customers we are talking to.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just on the rate base growth, I realize that you guys have different jurisdictions and different things driving the levels and what have you, but I am just wondering if you could give us a sense as to sort of the range of rate impact that you might be seeing, because some of it might be socialized differently and also you also are taking up big efforts to lower costs and what have you? How should we think about the rate impact?
Jeff Martin: I think it’s a really good question. Obviously, we are benefiting from a decade-long low in commodity prices, which is helpful on the bill. And I would start in Texas and you may recall that Oncor today has the lowest rates for those services in the state of Texas and they are forecasting, they will still have the lowest rates in the state of Texas when they complete their record capital program, which I referenced earlier at $11.9 billion. When you turn to California, I think the thing we feel good about from our rate case was there was real attention around the ramp process and making sure that capital has been allocated specifically around safety and reliability. So, as we think about the bill impact at SoCalGas, SoCalGas bills in the low $30 range. It’s a very, very affordable service from the gas company. There is probably more pressure on the electricity side across the state. The good news is I always refer folks to this, as even though the rates have gone higher, the bill impacts are relatively subdued, because we have a pretty modest climate. So even at SDG&E today, including subsidies for low income housing and others, it’s about $100 on the bill. And both of those are lower than the national average. So, we feel good about the capital program as a way of reducing risk in the operating environment and we feel good that we are benefiting from low commodity prices and obviously a large pool of customers if that gets spread across.
Paul Patterson: Okay, thanks a lot.
Jeff Martin: Appreciate it, Paul.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. And now, I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Jeff Martin for any additional or closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot. I would just like to express our gratitude for folks who joined the call today. We certainly look forward to seeing all of you in San Diego at our Investor Day that would be on March 24. If you have any follow-up questions, please do not hesitate to contact the IR team. We wish each of you a good day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-01 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Third Quarter Earnings Call. Please note that today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn things over to Faisel Khan. Please go ahead, sir.
Faisel Khan: Good morning and welcome to Sempra Energy's third quarter 2019 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. Here in San Diego, several members of our management team, including Joe Householder, President and Chief Operating Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; George Bilicic, Group President; and Peter Wall, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. It's important to note that all the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and it will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, November 1st, 2019, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide four, and let me hand the call over to Joe.
Joe Householder: Thanks Faisel and thank all of you for joining us today. Normally, Jeff would lead this call, but he and Dennis are currently traveling overseas for our LNG business, meeting with current and future partners and customers. So, I'll be filling in for him today. I'll start off by saying that this quarter's strong operational and financial results reflect our company's focus on execution and demonstrate progress towards our mission to be North America's premier energy infrastructure company. I'll provide a more detailed business update later in the presentation. But our recent accomplishments include placing Cameron LNG Train 1 and the project shared facilities into service, while also advancing commission and construction of the two remaining trains, reaching a constructive resolution with the CFE in relation to our two pipelines in Mexico and placing the marine pipeline into service, receiving a constructive general rate case final decision at SDG&E and SoCalGas, with a focus on safety and reliability; progressing the sale of our South American businesses by announcing sales agreements for both Peru and Chile; increasing the CapEx plan at the Texas utilities to keep up with the continued growth Oncor is seeing in and around its service territory; and finally, continuing to progress our LNG development projects as highlighted by the recent MoU announcement with Mitsui. In sum, it's been a remarkable year for our company. All of the positive regulatory, legislative, and operational developments we've recognized year-to-date give us increased confidence in our financial outlook. With this in mind, we're raising our full year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance from our previous range of $5.70 to $6.30 and to a new higher range of $6 to $6.50. Additionally, based on California Utilities' 2019 GRC final decision, coupled with the announced sales of our South American businesses, we're affirming our full year 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range of $6.70 to $7.50. As we look towards the rest of the year, we remain focused on our strategic goals to help drive shareholder value and benefit all of our stakeholders. Please turn to the next slide. You'll recall that we presented a similar version of this slide at our Investor Day earlier this year. We believe it's worth highlighting again, given the progress we've made in repositioning our portfolio. It's hard to imagine that just last year, we were active in 18 states in United States and three foreign jurisdictions. Now, we've narrowed our focus to three states and one foreign jurisdiction. We believe that we've high-graded our portfolio by exiting our U.S. renewable generation and South American businesses, and replaced them with higher quality T&D earnings. This focused strategy allows us to concentrate on growing our Tier 1 position in some of the most attractive markets in North America, which have strong business fundamentals and meaningful growth opportunities. Please turn to slide six, where I'll review the recent developments related to our South American businesses. We first announced the decision to sell our South American businesses in January of this year, with a view of recycling capital into growth at our utilities and infrastructure businesses and to reduce parent debt. The sales of these businesses represent an important strategic shift for our company and is another example of our ability to effectively optimize our portfolio, while increasing value for our shareholders. The combined sales price of over $5.8 billion reflects the quality of these businesses, and we're very pleased with the results of the sales process to-date. We've laid out a general time line of the transactions on the slide and expect the sales of both our Peruvian and Chilean businesses to be completed in the first quarter of 2020. Before I move on, I would like to recognize George, Trevor, Dennis and the team for a great job getting us to this point in the sales process. I would also like to recognize the wonderful teams in Chile and Peru, run by Francesco and Mile, they have done a fantastic job over the past 20 years and added a lot of value to Sempra. Please turn to the next slide, where I'll discuss some of the recent business updates at SDG&E. I'll first discuss the general rate case. As a reminder, this is the first time that the risk assessment mitigation phase, or RAMP, process was integrated into the GRC. Importantly, this takes into account safety and reliability spending as directed by the California Public Utilities Commission. You'll also recall that the GRC usually represents a sizable portion of our capital plan, but does not capture FERC-related investments or CPUC projects addressed outside the GRC. This proceeding also does not change our utilities authorized cost of capital, which is being addressed in a separate proceeding. Now, let's review the key details of the final decision issued in late September as it relates to SDG&E. Overall, we're pleased with this decision as we believe it fairly balances customer rates and critical investments needed to help ensure the delivery of safe, reliable energy. The decision approved the following for SDG&E. A 2019 test year revenue requirement of $1.99 billion, which represents an increase of approximately $107 million or 5.7% over 2018 authorized revenues as well as overall post-test year revenue requirement attrition rates of 6.7% in 2020 and 4.8% in 2021. It's worth noting that the 2020 and 2021 post-test year attrition amounts for capital investments are significantly higher than the O&M attrition amounts. This is a reflection of our commitment to thoughtfully invest capital related to safety and reliability, while efficiently and effectively managing O&M cost. These increased revenue requirements will support improvements in critical energy infrastructure and risk mitigation. Now, let's turn to the cost of capital proceedings. Regarding the FERC cost of capital, all parties have reached a negotiated resolution and we've submitted an offer of settlement in mid-October. The settlement request an authorized ROE of 10.6%, which includes the 50 basis point CAISO adder. This represents a 55 basis point increase from our currently authorized FERC ROE of 10.05%. We expect the commission to issue an order on this matter in the first half of 2020. For the CPUC cost of capital proceeding, we continue to expect a final decision toward the end of this year. Regarding our initial and ongoing contributions to the California Wildfire Fund, we are expensing the total contributions over the estimated period of benefit, which we estimate to be approximately 10 years and we would record additional charges if a wildfire event occurs and the fund is reduced. Please turn to the next slide. I'd now like to take a moment and address the recent wildfire situation across the state. Our thoughts are with the first responders, firefighters, residents, and the broader communities being impacted by these terrible events. Importantly, wildfire safety and risk mitigation are a top priority for us within our service territory. And we continue to be vigilant, monitoring weather patterns and potential wildfire threats, while remaining engaged with our customers and communities in order to maintain critical lines of communication. As a reminder, investing in wildfire mitigation is not something new for our company. In fact, we've invested approximately $1.5 billion in related efforts over the past decade. This includes deploying the most highly concentrated weather station network in the U.S., installing over 100 high-definition cameras across our service territory, replacing over 21,000 wood poles or steel poles, developing weather and fire models based on years of collected data, allowing us to forecast potential weather events several days in advance and fire hardening approximately 75% of our electric transmission lines with a goal to fire harden the remaining 25% over the next few years. Another example is our Fire Safe 3.0 project, which continues to build on our foundation of industry-leading mitigation efforts and includes utilizing artificial intelligence and machine learning to improve situational awareness, introducing a new vegetation risk index, enabling satellite wildfire alerts, and improving our unprecedented weather data network with high-speed capabilities. In combination, these items should further enhance our ability to deliver safe and reliable energy to the communities we serve. This is just a glimpse of the type of project highlights we'll be providing at our Investor Day next year. Now, please turn to slide nine, where I'll discuss developments at SoCalGas. The recent final decision in the GRC also marked the first time, the RAMP process was integrated for SoCalGas. It approved the following: a 2019 test year revenue requirement of $2.77 billion, which represents an increase of approximately $314 million or 12.8% over 2018 authorized revenues as well as overall post-test year revenue requirement attrition rates of 7.9% in 2020 and 5% in 2021. Similar to SDG&E, SoCalGas' 2020 and 2021 post-test year attrition amounts related to capital substantially outpaced O&M. The increase in the revenue requirement related to capital and corresponding increase to rate base should enable us to make critical investments in our infrastructure system around safety and reliability for the benefit of our customers. An example of this is the continued support for SoCalGas' pipeline safety enhancement plan, and notably, the GRC approved 32 PSEP projects, plus 284 valve enhancement plan projects over the next three years. Now, please turn to slide 10, where we'll talk about Texas. The macro and business environment in Texas remains one of the strongest in the U.S., and Oncor recently announced another increase to their already substantial five-year capital plan, as shown by the chart on this slide. The increase is mainly related to the growth in and around Oncor service territory with growth CapEx accounting for about two-thirds of this capital plan. Importantly, these infrastructure investments will help facilitate renewables integration in Texas, keep up with the growth in West Texas and the Dallas-Fort Worth area, and strengthen and expand the grid for the benefit of Oncor's customers and the communities it serves. Accounting for this increase, they now plan on spending approximately $11.9 billion over the 5-year period between 2020 and 2024. Oncor is clearly a great example of focusing our portfolio on attractive growing markets. Please turn to slide 11, where I'll discuss Sempra LNG. This past quarter had some notable accomplishments at our LNG business. Specifically, we placed Cameron Train 1 in service and continued to progress our LNG development projects. I'd now like to discuss the Cameron LNG project in a little more detail. Specifically, I'd like to highlight that the two companies, Chiyoda and McDermott, that collectively make up our EPC contractor, are joint and severally liable. So, if one is unable to perform its duties, the other is required to complete the project. Both Chiyoda and McDermott, along with their subcontractors, continue to be on-site and active in the project. We remain confident about the Cameron LNG project schedule. Train 1 and the project's shared facilities are already in service, and Train 2 has begun its commissioning process. In fact, Cameron LNG estimates that the project is over 96% complete. Additionally, the schedule for Trains 2 and 3 remain unchanged. Switching to our other LNG projects, we've recently begun limited site activities at Port Arthur and our teams continue to advance discussions with interested customers for the remaining facility capacity. Based on the current project schedule, we're targeting an FID on Port Arthur around mid-2020. At ECA Phase 1, we plan on reaching FID in Q1 2020, a bit later than our year-end target. Overall, the project continues to make progress, and we're taking some extra time to evaluate EPC proposals from two highly qualified bidders. We believe this process will help drive the long-term value of the project to Sempra and its shareholders. Please turn to slide 12. At Sempra LNG, we're committed to advancing our LNG development projects. This slide is a great representation of how active our LNG marketing team has been and the resulting MOUs, HOAS, and SPA that we've been able to secure through these efforts. It's also a positive reflection of the quality of these projects and the confidence in our ability to develop them. A good example of this is the recent MOU with Mitsui. The MOU contemplates Mitsui's potential purchase of up to one-third of the available capacity at Cameron Phase 2 as well as the potential offtake of approximately 1 million tons per annum of LNG and equity participation in ECA Phase 2. As I mentioned earlier, Jeff isn't on the call today, because he's traveling overseas with Dennis Arriola for our LNG business, meeting with current and future partners and customers. This is a great example of how these marketing efforts have significant participation at the highest levels of our organization. Our management team realizes our LNG business is a large contributor to the company's projected growth. With this in mind, we're focusing on bringing our LNG development projects to fruition and securing binding offtake agreements in order to help meet global energy demand and deliver value to our shareholders. Please turn to the next slide, and we'll go over developments in Mexico. Mexico continues to be an attractive market for us with substantial growth opportunities premised on energy accessibility, reliability and emissions goals. At Sempra Mexico, IEnova continues to execute on infrastructure projects in Mexico that should help it provide increased affordability and accessibility to cleaner, more reliable energy for its rapidly growing population. Notably, the team recently reached a resolution with CFE regarding the Guaymas-El Oro and Marine pipelines and subsequently put the marine pipeline in service in mid-September and announced the border solar project, which is contracted with high-quality counterparties. I'd also like to highlight that given these developments and expected positive momentum, IEnova recently raised its dividend by approximately 5%. Now, let me turn the call over to Trevor, who will review our financial results, beginning with Slide 14.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks Joe. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter 2019 GAAP earnings of $813 million or $2.84 per share. This compares favorably to third quarter 2018 GAAP earnings of $274 million or $0.99 per share. On an adjusted basis, the third quarter 2019 earnings were $425 million or $1.50 per share. This compares to our third quarter 2018 adjusted earnings of $339 million or $1.23 per share. Please turn to slide 15, where I'll discuss the key drivers of our quarterly results. The variance in our third quarter 2019 adjusted earnings when compared to last year was affected by the following key items: $34 million of lower earnings at Sempra Renewables related to assets sold in December of 2018 and April of 2019; $24 million of lower earnings at SDG&E from electric transmission operations, primarily due to a FERC formulaic rate adjustment benefit in 2018; and $14 million of lower earnings at Sempra LNG, primarily due to lower earnings from our marketing operations, mainly driven by changes in natural gas prices. This was offset by Cameron Train 1 commencing commercial operations in August of 2019. These items were offset by $60 million of higher earnings at the California Utilities from higher CPUC base operating margin authorized in 2019, predominantly driven by the GRC final decision. Please note that our year-to-date results reflect the additional $196 million retroactive benefit from the GRC final decision for the first 6 months of the year. $58 million of higher equity earnings at the Sempra Texas Utility segment due to impacts of Oncor's acquisition of InfraREIT. Higher distribution revenues resulting from an increase in volumes driven primarily by weather and higher transmission revenue driven by rates, and $38 million of variance at Sempra Mexico due to impacts from foreign currency and inflation effects, net of foreign currency hedges. This large delta year-over-year was primarily driven by an $11 million benefit in the third quarter of 2019 from a depreciating peso compared to $27 million of expense in the third quarter of 2018 from an appreciating peso. Please turn to the next slide. We're pleased to say that this was a very successful quarter, both operationally and financially. We're continuing to execute on our goals and are progressing our mission to be North America's premier energy infrastructure company. In line with this, as Joe previously indicated, we are raising our full year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance range and affirming our full year 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range, driven primarily by the constructive GRC decision at our California Utilities as well as the robust proceeds expected from the announced sale of our South American businesses. These proceeds should allow us to pay down parent debt and fund growth at our U.S. Utility and Infrastructure businesses. Importantly, we remain focused on achieving our goals, including maximizing long-term shareholder value. Before we open it up to Q&A though, I'd be remiss if I didn't thank Joe for his invaluable contributions to the company. As most of you know, Joe will be retiring soon. He has played an integral role in the growth and progression of our businesses during his nearly two-decade career at Sempra Energy. We'll all miss him and we wish Joe and his family, the very best in his retirement. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and stop to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: My first question is on the FERC settlement, does that mean that you and the other parties to the case have all agreed on that number and are submitting it for approval? And if so, who are the parties that have agreed that, that's a fair return for your FERC assets?
Trevor Mihalik: Hi Greg, yes, thanks for the question. Yes, this settlement means that all the parties have agreed to push this forward and let the FERC make a final decision on this. We expect that final decision to occur in the first quarter. At this point, there are some proceedings that will take place in November. But all the parties to the case, and I don't have them all at my fingertips, but we can get you those if that's important to you. But everybody has agreed to go forward with these numbers. So, that's what we would expect to get pushed out in the first of the year.
Greg Gordon: The CPUC is a party, correct?
Trevor Mihalik: Yes.
Greg Gordon: Thank you. My next question is the wildfire amortization, are you guys assuming that, that is going to be amortized through ongoing earnings? Or are you going to consider that a non-operating item because yesterday or the day before on Edison's call, they indicated they would be considering that a non-operating item for earnings reporting purposes?
Joe Householder: Yes. Thank you, Greg for that question. I'll speak to it at first, and then I'll probably have Trevor add to that. I think first, I would say you have to recognize that there is a pretty significant difference in the amounts that we each contributed based on the size of our territory and all the work we've done over the last decade. And doing all the work we needed to do, the risk view was that our contribution was lower. And so it's less material to SDG&E than it was to Southern California Edison and then further less material to Sempra. But we're evaluating that. I did look at what they did. And the way they do core, noncore is probably a little different than we do adjusted earnings. And let me ask Trevor if he has another comment on it.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes. Thanks, Joe. Hey Greg. Again, from what Joe said, this is going to be a fairly immaterial amount for us and then we're anticipating it could be about $30 million a year given a 10-year amortization cycle on it. And so we're still looking at it. I think one of the things we probably will do is give prominence to it and try to break it out so that it's very clear, clearly shown on the face of the financials, but we're still evaluating that. But again, from our perspective, we generally do not exclude smaller items, and this would be a recurring item over a 10-year amortization period. So, I think our treatment may be different than Edison's.
Greg Gordon: Okay. My last question is this. In reiterating your guidance is a pretty bullish outcome, I think, because the guidance, as it was set, included the earnings from Chile and Peru. And so basically, what you're telling us is pulling out what was the expected earnings contribution from Chile and Peru, net of the initial savings from deleveraging with the proceeds and the outcome from -- the positive outcome from the rate cases and the CapEx increase in Texas that you've basically be able to offset the removal of those earnings completely, if not almost completely. Is that a fair summary?
Joe Householder: Yes. So, thank you, Greg. Look, we've had a remarkable year, as I said in our opening remarks, thus far this year. And the proceeds that we're getting from the South American sale, the tax savings we've had there and a GRC out of this risk RAMP case that is -- that allowed the capital that we need to run the utilities in a safe and reliable manner. All of our businesses are doing well and we're very focused on the strategy and we're very pleased that we're able to maintain the guidance for next year based on the operations, based on the GRC, based on South America, all the elements you mentioned; it's very solid.
Greg Gordon: Thank you guys. Congrats.
Joe Householder: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Hi good morning. So, just a broad question on California. Obviously, first, congratulations, you've continued to manage the fire season very well for 30 in a row. And -- but it's just been obviously a kind of interesting two weeks in terms for the whole sector and the state. So, maybe just some perspectives on how you're thinking about any changes from the Governor, the commission, how you're managing your shut-off plans, if at all? And anything about the structure of the sector and the state. I'd just be curious how you're taking this all-in?
Joe Householder: Thank you, Steve. It's a broad question. I have quite a bit that I'd like to say about it. So, bear with me, probably and I appreciate your comment. We didn't have any significant wildfire, catastrophic fire in our territory. This year, we faced very severe weather conditions, but safety is top of mind across our companies in California and in Texas, where we've had some pretty severe tornadoes. But I want to start out with saying how proud I am and how proud we are of our team at SDG&E. I was actually over there at the emergency operations center the day before yesterday during the peak time, which was sort of between 10 in the morning and noon here. And I've been there many times in non-weather conditions and practice sessions. And that's always interesting, and I'm excited to see it. But seeing them in action, taking immediate decisions as the conditions change, and it's not just the people in that room that room is buzzing and they're all working together really well, but it's all the people in the field. I'm listening to phone calls back and forth about live conditions in the community, allowing the team to really have see on the ground, right? We have all these cameras, but now we have people on the ground and that underground experience, helping them make prudent decisions. I saw them turning off lines based on what was going on, on the ground to save lives and reduce the potential for fire. So, I just want to congratulate our team. I actually ask Caroline Winn, who is the COO at SDG&E to come, and I'm going to ask her to speak about this in a minute, but I want to touch on a couple of other points that you made. Look, I think the Governor did a really good job coming into office; working with the legislature and the company's; resetting the prudency standards, the presumptions; letting the CPUC consider factors within and outside our control; looking at humidity, temperature, wind speed. It's been an incredible difficult couple of weeks. So, we've had a big head start, and -- but we're not stopping. You probably saw our Fire Safe 3.0. We're continuing to innovate. And we will help the others try to catch up, but it's been 10 years of hard work, but we just keep wanting to get better and better. I have to tell you on the power shutoffs, I've advocated to Pedro and others like, you guys have got to, it's the only way you're going to keep people out of harm's way. And I have very strong views on this. We have to do it, okay? I think the Governor believes that we have to do it. The Governor has been very supportive of SDG&E. Power shutoff isn't the first thing we do. It's a tool and we use it when we have to, at the end, when there's no other option. But we're continuing to learn, innovate, the people really care and they are razor focused. It's not any time for newcomers, no time for a bunch of forms to fill out, reviews, debates, the situation is intense, and we're dealing with people's lives and we have to do it, and we know what we're doing, and we've proven that we know what we're doing. It's still a challenge, but I think it's manageable if you get the right processes in place. I want to have Caroline take a minute and explain how the last couple of weeks have been. And, yes, she's in charge of making sure that we're all safe.
Caroline Winn: Thanks Joe. Just to give a little context, we're coming off the heels of our fourth Santa Ana Red Flag event of the season. We saw typical wind speeds consistently blowing at 20 to 30 miles per hour and peaking at 60 to 80 miles per hour in our highest elevations during this operational period. I will tell you that our system held up well given the environmental conditions and there were no major fires, as Joe mentioned. Around 25,000 customers in this last event were impacted by the public safety power shutoff, and I'm encouraged with our ability to minimize the customers that are affected as a result of PSPS. Our capabilities have been really enhanced over the last several years as a result of our investments in more precise controls of our PSPS plans. And I would also add that in the last couple of years, we have been focused on refining our customer outreach and communication strategy as well as our operational readiness and response. Just speaking a little bit more about customer outreach. We understand the impact that these outages have on businesses and families. And this is an area that we've been really focused on. And there are 3 areas that I'd just like to mention. The first is a comprehensive and advanced notification to our customers. We don't want our customers surprise, and we want to provide them with complete information so they can make the appropriate plans for their families and businesses. Having said that, the weather conditions can change on a dime and there are circumstances where we may need to turn off the power to customers that we hadn't anticipated. And we're not shy to do so. I would say, two, we have worked on the strategic placement of our community resource centers throughout the community to make sure that they're properly placed and make sure that customers have easy in, easy out access, and they have the information and the amenities that they need. And I'd say, lastly, it's our key to building strategic partnerships. We learned very early on that we can't do this alone. And so in fact, before these events, we had conference calls with our non-profit and community-based organizations so that all customers were notified and had the things they need. I think a good example is before this last event, we partnered with Meals on Wheels and the Red Cross to provide the senior communities affected by this PSPS with the amenities that they would need during these cooler temperatures. So, that's just some examples of the areas, and we continue to refine our plan. We continue to improve what we do and learn from every event that we have.
Joe Householder: Thanks Caroline. And Steve, let me just add one more thing because you asked a broad question and one thing I would mention is, as I've watched this and I don't have all the information about the fires up north, where we've had fires in several different territories, not ours, it doesn't appear at this time that the magnitude of those fires will impinge on the fund. So, I think with the $1 billion requirement for insurance, these were large severe fires and our heart goes out to all these people, but it is such that it doesn't appear to me today that, that's impacting the fund. It's tough. And I can tell you, much the way many of you have been with us for 20 years, much the way we used to manage the commodity business, the CEO, myself, we worry about this stuff every day. Jeff was calling me, he's traveling overseas on the LNG business, but he's been calling me and contacting me every day about this. He worries about it every day. I worry. Then we call Kevin, then we call Caroline. We're on top of it. And it's just something that we have to manage, much like people in the Northeast or the Southeast have to manage hurricanes or snow events or whatever. We have to manage this and it's a little bit new for California. California is a mild climate. And generally, we don't have outages. This is a different event, and we're learning to deal with it. Thank you.
Steven Fleishman: Great. Great. Thank you.
Joe Householder: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning or good afternoon.
Joe Householder: Hi Julien.
Trevor Mihalik: Hey Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. So, guys, I suppose with respect to the proceeds in aggregate from Latin America, I'm curious how you think about the 2020 uses at this point. Obviously, we're hearing you say debt pay down. Obviously, you raised your CapEx here. But just ideally, if we can get a little bit more granular as to how you're thinking about it? And separately, and I know Jeff is not here, how do you think about more strategic uses of this capital given some of the comments on the last call as well?
Joe Householder: Thank you, Julien. I'm going to turn this over to Trevor in a minute, but we're really pleased with getting full value for these companies. We've run them well for 20 years, and we're getting the right value, and that's really important. And we've talked about paying down debt. But let me -- let Trevor address your question. You hit on a number of points. And on the very last one, we're not going to talk about M&A kind of activities. But obviously, we're very focused on large capital programs. So, Trevor?
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, thanks, Joe. Yes. So, Julien, with the amounts of the proceeds that we'll be getting in the first quarter after tax, it's, call it, roughly between $4.5 billion to $4.7 billion. We would be deploying that cash in the short-term over paying down our short-term debt and then realigning the debt portfolio and then as well as having it support the CapEx growth. Certainly, we're seeing increased capital requirements in the California Utilities as a result of the GRC and the RAMP filing. A big portion of that GRC is allocated towards capital around safety and reliability. And then we've also seen an increase in the Texas Utilities with the capital going up there. So, deploying that capital as efficiently as we can.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And then maybe if I can pivot very quickly over to the LNG side of the business. Obviously, constructive developments of late, would be curious how you're thinking about public developments? And again, however -- in whatever form that takes through the course of the next year, especially given the update on Port Arthur to mid-next year on FID, what is the outcome?
Joe Householder: Sure, sure. Thank you. So, I appreciate the questions. These LNG liquefaction projects are very large, complex and quite competitive. And we are progressing these projects to help unlock North America's energy potential and deliver clean energy across the globe. And I travel around the world a lot as Jeff, and we want to get these projects right for our customers and our investors. And in most of these cases, our customers are also investors in the project. And as we've traveled around, and I was recently in Japan, just been in multiple countries in the last 10 days, we were both at the Cameron, dedication with all of our current partners and customers at Cameron and others, we find them all committed to ensuring the success of these projects and long-term returns. So, I know it feels like it's taking time. But this is just us getting it right. We're highly focused on creating value. And I feel really good about the projects and the team. I wouldn't read anything into this. This is us making sure we get the EPC agreements, get the right contractor, get all the things we need to take FID. We are starting to work on financing for Port Arthur. But our partners also have to get comfortable with the returns and everything. Everybody's working toward it. And so I wouldn't read anything in. These are small months in time when we're talking about four or five-year construction projects and multiple year development projects. We are signing a lot of MOUs, and you see that. Partially, that is, the customers are quite excited about being in some of these projects, and they worry that they're going to get left out and they want to sign something. And so we're signing these things, but we're not quite ready. So, we signed an MOU for Cameron expansion. The partners are moving forward. We've got Total telling us exactly how they think we should do it. We haven't voted on anything yet. We've got the expansion at ECA. We're not ready to take FID on that yet. We don't have all the designs and everything, but people want to have their place and it's important. And so we're making that public. I think as we make progress, we'll try to make -- you guys can see all the FERC things, you see that we're actually in commissioning and Train 2 at Cameron now. It's a little bit harder in the development phase. I think as you see us start to do something like financing work at Port Arthur, you'll see -- you'll get the confidence that we have.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thanks for the time guys.
Joe Householder: Thanks Julien.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks Julien.
Operator: And now we'll take question from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys. A couple of questions. One on the California Utilities, can you remind us, obviously, you get those GRC step-ups each year for the next several years in EPA, SoCalGas and San Diego Gas & Electric, are those the only CPUC related step-ups you get in these three-year periods? And can you get quantified for us what the FERC transmission step-up will be at SDG&E for 2020? I know a lot of those have already been settled or are part of settlement agreements.
Joe Householder: So, a couple of things to address there, Michael. So, what we've addressed here is the impact on 2019 through the third quarter of the rate cases, the affirmation of our 2020 guidance without all the pieces, some of that relating to the confidence we have in the rate cases. There's nothing in there relating to the cost of capital, which we expect to get settled by the end of this year that starts effective next year. So, that will be a component that we would expect to see. I think you'll get more details around all of this at the Investor Day. There are some projects that we do at both companies that are sometimes out of the GRC, we'll lay those out, and you've seen those before. But we'll give you a lot more clarity into 2020 and beyond at the Investor Day.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Question-- 
Joe Householder: Sorry, you asked, on the FERC question -- on the FERC question, that one, we expect to get finalized next year. And we would see a step-up from our current rate to the new rate starting then.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And is that new rate -- is that settlement document, a public document with the rate disclosed or the revenue step-up disclosed?
Joe Householder: Yes.
Michael Lapides: Okay. If it's a public document, what's the step-up?
Joe Householder: It's 10.6.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes. Retroactive.
Joe Householder: Retroactive at the beginning of this June -- I'm sorry, June 2019.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. I was thinking more of the dollar-million amount. Sorry.
Joe Householder: We haven't published that.
Michael Lapides: Okay. Finally, on Cameron, is there a material cost change if you finish Cameron 3 before you've made FID decisions on Cameron 4 and 5? I would think there would be in terms of like releasing crews and sending folks home. I mean you're not that far away from sending crews home because you're not that far away from having Cameron 3 done. I'm just curious how you think about that and how you kind of -- how much that plays a role in the negotiation process and in the planning process with both customers and partners?
Joe Householder: Yes, let me speak to that. I mean, first and foremost, all of the partners in Cameron are very focused on getting Trains 2 and 3 finished and into service before we do anything beyond that. So that's a primary goal, and we're getting very close. I mean we're about 96% finished and really Train 2 is in commissioning and 3 not far behind. So, those are almost done, but they still need to finish their commissioning process. Everybody is focused on that. We are still just in the last couple of weeks have kind of honed in on what we think we want to build there. We haven't announced what that is yet. And we are still deciding how we're going to do that. It's undetermined at this point exactly how we're going to do it or who will do it. So, I think you probably remember from a few years ago when we were going to try to do Train 4, we were going to try to do continuous construction. That ship really failed because what's going on right now is doing a lot of electrical work. It's being done by subcontractors and the commissioning is being done mostly by Chiyoda people and some McDermott people. It's not the same people that would get -- go in and start doing pilings again. So, the idea of any kind of continuous construction went away years ago. And so I think, I'd leave it with that.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Joe. Much appreciated guys.
Joe Householder: Sure Michael.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks Michael.
Operator: And now we'll take our next question from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners.
Joe Householder: Hi Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys, how are you doing?
Joe Householder: Good.
Shar Pourreza: Let me just follow-up question on LNG and sort of as you're thinking about cash flows as Cameron Trains 1 and 3 continue on pace. But we saw a peer transact and monetize a part of cash flows at a very healthy multiple. So, as you guys sort of think about the existing Cameron 1 and 3, even 4 and 5, ECA, Port Arthur, how do you sort of feel about potentially monetizing some of these cash flows, especially since we just got a pretty healthy public mark?
Joe Householder: Well, look, I'm not going to talk about some kind of an M&A sort of transaction, which that isn't a bit of. But I would say this, remember, we already have 50% ownership. We don't own 100%. So, it's a little bit different situation. We clearly have good value. You can see the cash flow, the EBITDA from Cameron. And we've had good value in the company from Cameron for some time now as we've been constructing it. But I would say, we're going to build a pretty large LNG business. And I would think that we are going to use that cash flow to help build both the expansion at Cameron and new projects. So, that's what I would think we would be doing to create value -- to create additional value. We're always open to looking at things like that. But know, we've looked at MLP some time ago, that ship sale. But -- we're always looking at things. I actually think we will wind up using the cash for building our LNG business bigger.
Shar Pourreza: Got it, self-fund each other. Okay, that's good. And let me just shift real quick to Texas. Oncor, obviously, it's a very healthy CapEx increase that you guys had. A lot of it was driven on sort of the transmission side. Distribution kind of still remains a little bit modest, totally. At what point can you start to pull forward some of that distribution spend? Should we think about it as an opportunity when transmission spend slows down and you offset with distribution? I mean you obviously have the economic backdrop to support more spending. So, how do we sort of think about the interim mix between distribution and transmission?
Joe Householder: Yes, I'll start and then I'll ask Trevor to comment. Look, we're very excited about Oncor and the growth in Texas, and there's a lot to do there. And so I think we're very focused on helping them fund that growth. And Trevor, do you want to speak to the details that he is asking about in transition?
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, I think, when we look at this, Shar, the big legs of the stool is really in the growth in Texas are in and around the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex being one of the fastest-growing metroplexes and looking at kind of their 2% premise growth on a year-to-year basis. So that's really kind of on the distribution side. Then you look at the West Texas with the Permian and all what needs to be built out on the transmission side with the Permian. And then the third leg is, there's, call it, close to 100 gigawatts in the queue, which is primarily renewables based. So, you see kind of that slant towards more transmission right now as opposed to the growth that we're seeing in and around the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. But all three legs of the stool, renewables, West Texas and the Permian as well as Dallas are all very, very healthy growth areas for us. 
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Thanks guys. Appreciate it. Congrats.
Joe Householder: Thank you.
Operator: We will now go to a Sophie Karp of KeyBanc.
Sophie Karp: Hi good morning. How are you guy doing?
Joe Householder: Very well. Thanks. You?
Sophie Karp: Okay. Thank you. Congrats on the quarter. Just wanted to go back a little bit to the guidance. Clearly, we're very impressive that you're maintaining the guidance despite selling and divest in South America. Maybe, could you help us a little bit to bridge how that's -- how much of that's kind of delta is going to be covered by savings on debt versus maybe incremental earnings from Texas and LNG ramp sort of -- maybe if you could provide a little bit more color on that?
Joe Householder: Look, I think that as we were able to finalize the sales agreements for South America, assess the rate case, which just got finalized at the end of September, and look at all of our businesses afresh, we became very confident that our guidance range was still good, despite the sales and that was really good news for us because all the businesses are doing well. We have confidence in Cameron and the California Utilities, Oncor and then the South American proceeds. They all come into play. We're not going to break down segment guidance until we have our Investor Day. So, we'll give you all that detail at that point in time.
Trevor Mihalik: Sophie, yes, this is Trevor. I would just add one thing, though, that with the sale of the renewables that you saw earlier, we were able to maintain our guidance as we recycle that capital. And likewise, with the sale of South American recycling net capital coupled with, like Joe said, a constructive rate case, that's really focused on capital around safety and reliability, we feel good that we've been able to recycle capital and maintain guidance. So, a huge positive for us in that respect.
Sophie Karp: Yes, yes. And so maybe just to double check, does that assume any particular outcomes in the cost of capital preceding and at the FERC.
Trevor Mihalik: No, that's outside of the cost of capital. So, that's not in the specific guidance. But again, it most likely would be within that guidance range. 
Sophie Karp: Okay. And the FERC settlement?
Trevor Mihalik: Same thing. It would be in the guidance range. But it's not specifically included. No assumption on that is built into it right now.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And then just to confirm on taxes, the incremental CapEx that you are putting in at Oncor; that would be recoverable through TCOS and DCRFs, correct?
Trevor Mihalik: That's right. That's right.
Sophie Karp: All right. Thank you. That's all I had. I'll jump back in the queue.
Joe Householder: Sophie, thanks.
Trevor Mihalik: Thank you.
Operator: And we will now go to Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Hey good morning guys.
Trevor Mihalik: Good morning. How are you Paul?
Paul Patterson: All right. So, just to sort of follow-up on Greg's and Steve's questions. If I understand sort of your answer, it looks like you guys are leaning to basically including an adjusted EPS, the Wildfire amortization?
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, let me take that one, Paul. What we're leading to is calling it out prominently probably on the face of the financial statements, but probably not carving it out as a separate adjusted guidance. But again, we're still working through that right now. This quarter, it was pretty small. It was only $6 million of earnings, so we didn't call it out. But again, I think one way or the other; we will show it pretty prominently that people can identify that number on the face of the financial statements.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then with respect to the PSPS that you guys have instituted, how would they compare? I mean, I realize that there are separate and distinct situations in every service territory, et cetera. But as a percentage of customers, and I think you guys said, I think, something in the 100,000 customer range. How does that compare to the number of customers that are being reduced in the service territories to the north? And how long are these people on average being cut off, how long is their power out? Because from our perspective, I mean, obviously, different service territories, different numbers of people, but the reaction to these power shutoffs to the north seem to be rather hostile, which I haven't really -- I've seen complaints about obviously people being disconnected in your area in the past and what have you, but I haven't seen anything to this level if you follow me. I'm just wondering if you could speak to that a little.
Joe Householder: Yes, let me take it first, Paul. And then I think I'll have Caroline also address it. It's quite interesting and I alluded to this earlier, I've lived in different parts of the country and seen power go out for a variety of reasons, generally, weather events, right? You have planned outages; those are usually generally very short in term. But I've seen weather events across the Eastern seaboard. And nobody likes it, but it happens. And if there's ice and snow or wind knocks trees down and knocks the lines down. This is what happens. And I've been through periods where the utility in and around Washington, D.C. was -- you didn't do enough to keep the reliability up. So, it's always an issue. I think in California, we've been so used to mild climates and very high reliability that it's a little bit unusual. And what we've tried to do, and I'm going to let Caroline speak to this, is we've -- over the 10 years, we have tried to figure out a way, segment our grid, really take out the power, shut the power off for safety reasons in small areas where the wind speed is just too intense. And that doesn't cause as much issue. Although at the very beginning, it was difficult, but then we started to build centers for people to go to, got the communications chain. So, we learned a little bit by doing. I think up north, they're cutting off a much larger percentage of people, of course, they have a bigger territory. I don't think they're at the point yet where they can do exactly what we're doing; they can get there. But I think that's what you've seen a little bit of backlash on. It's something people in other parts of the country have had to deal with for most of their lives and people in Northern California haven't. Caroline, can you talk about this? Because what you've said is something about hundreds of thousands. We had a much smaller number of people out than that. They've had very significant, over 1 million, I think. Caroline, go ahead.
Caroline Winn: Sure. In our last event, we impacted around 25,000 customers, as I mentioned earlier, and I would just tell you that over the past decade, we continue to improve. And one of the things that we did early on after we've had these public safety power shutoff, we set our senior management team to these communities that were impacted to do one thing, and that was to listen to customers. What were customers concerned, how can we lessen the impact when a PSPS occurs. And that's really where the idea of these community resource centers was generated from us going out and listening to our customers. And in turn, we're showing them the types of conditions that we're seeing and the types of wind speeds that the area is experiencing, and I would just tell you that we're also going out and doing community resilience fares. So, we're out in the communities that were most impacted. And I have to tell you that over the years, the impact and the response from customers has been actually positive. They're thanking us for turning off the power. And so I'm really pleased to hear that. Now is 100% of the customers happy? No, but I can tell you that customers are more accepting of the practice that we're doing and they know the conditions we're experiencing. And we're listening on how to lessen the impact to them when we do have to do a PSPS. 
Joe Householder: And you might talk too about how long have we had to turn people off and it's different in different areas?
Caroline Winn: Yes, it's absolutely different in the highest elevation, where we've had to do more significant PSPS. But I can tell you, in the last -- the events over the last week, the average duration of these PSPS has been around 24 hours. So, we have tried to minimize that. However, we're also careful that we're not going to turn the system back on when the conditions prevail. We do 100% patrols of all of our circuitry and the circuit segments that we de-energize to ensure that there's no trees on the line. There's been no damage to the lines. And surprisingly, we have found things that have happened. We found broken poles. We found broken cross-arms. We found trees on wires. So, that's the importance of doing these 100% patrols before we turn back customers on.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Well, great job, guys. I mean maybe, you guys can profit -- well, I don't know, maybe you guys can help the other guys up to the north, and maybe that could be appreciated some more?
Joe Householder: We do.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thanks so much.
Joe Householder: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: And with that, it does conclude today's Q&A session. I would like to turn things back to Joe Householder for any additional or closing comments.
Joe Householder: Thank you all for joining us today. I will see many of you at EEI in about a week. In any event, I'd like to express my gratitude to each of you for the confidence you've had in Sempra Energy and support you've given me, and it's been a real pleasure knowing you all. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact the IR team. And have a great day.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. We'd like to thank you again for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-02 15:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Faisel Khan. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra Energy's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. Here in San Diego are several members of our management team including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Joe Householder, President and Chief Operating Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dennis Arriola, Executive Vice President and Group President; George Bilicic, Group President; and Peter Wall, Vice President Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. It's important to note that, all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today August 2, 2019 and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide 4 and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thanks, Faisal and thank you all for joining us today. We're really pleased with both the financial and operational progress, we've made so far this year. You'll recall that at our Investor Day, this past March, I discussed our goals for 2019. Those goals serve as our road map as we progress our mission to be North America's premier energy infrastructure company. Here's a snapshot of our progress this quarter against those goals. We completed the sale of our U.S. wind assets bringing the total proceeds from the sales of our U.S. solar wind and non-utility natural gas storage assets to roughly $2.5 billion. Second, we recycled a portion of that capital into Oncor's acquisition of InfraREIT and Sempra's acquisition of a 50% interest in Sharyland providing greater visibility into further growth in the Texas market. Third, we produced first LNG and expect commercial operations under the tolling agreements in mid-August at Cameron LNG Train 1. Fourth, we continue to advance our LNG development projects including signing the heads of agreement with Aramco Services Company at Port Arthur LNG. And lastly, we advanced the planned sale of our South American businesses, which is an important transaction as we continue to recycle capital and drive North American growth markets. Next, I want to talk about the recently passed wildfire legislation. It's important to acknowledge Governor Newsom. Together, with leadership from the California legislature Governor's Newsom's leadership was critical in passing new legislation that helps return California to a premier regulatory jurisdiction. It also enhances the operating environment and financial health of California's electric utilities enabling them to advance the state's goals of providing clean, safe and reliable electricity to their customers. Looking forward, we're focused on executing our strategic plan and progressing in a number of key areas that are important to our stakeholders such as resolving our ongoing discussions with CFE related to two of our pipelines in Mexico; receiving final GRC and cost of capital decisions here in California; executing on Oncor's robust five-year capital program of over $11 billion, while integrating the InfraREIT assets; and continuing our focus on completing Cameron LNG and reach an FID at ECA and Port Arthur LNG. Also with our strong year-to-date adjusted earnings per share of $3.03, today we are affirming our full year 2019 adjusted earnings per share guidance range of $5.70 to $6.30. I would also remind you that we're still waiting our GRC proposed decisions for both California Utilities, which we expect in the coming weeks. We will also continue to monitor the movements in the Mexican peso. Both of these items may impact our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance. And with that, please turn to the next slide where Joe will review some of our key operating updates.
Joe Householder: Thanks, Jeff. And I'd like to echo your comments regarding the constructive wildfire legislation. We believe there are five key areas of the legislation that materially improve the operating environment for California's electric utilities. First, a wildfire fund, SDG&E will participate in a larger fund option which is expected to be supported by a continuation of the Department of Water Resources surcharge as well as utility shareholder contributions, potentially providing for a total fund amount of $21 billion. Coupled with the insurance obligation language in the law this could translate to a fund estimated to cover roughly $40 billion to $50 billion of potential wildfire damage. SDG&E's upfront contribution will be 4.3%, or $323 million and then $13 million annually over a 10-year period. Second an annual safety certification resulting in a presumption of prudency. SDG&E received this certification on July 26. Third, a new prudency standard of review more comparable to the FERC standard. This is important as it clarifies that any utility conduct considered in the prudency review must have been related to the ignition of the wildfire. This review must also take into account factors outside the utilities control like wind speed, humidity and temperature. Fourth, a rolling three-year shareholder liability cap for any potential future wildfire damages allocated to the utility under the prudency review. Currently, SDG&E's liability cap is approximately $825 million based on its 2018 electric T&D rate base and fifth, increased safety spending including $5 billion of required wildfire safety CapEx via the California IOU's wildfire mitigation plans. Consistent with the contribution to the wildfire fund, SDG&E share at 4.3% or $215 million. In terms of oversight, the legislation calls for the formation of a wildfire safety division, which will initially be within the CPUC and then transition to the newly created office of energy infrastructure safety in 2021. This wildfire safety division will hold the utilities accountable for mitigating wildfire risk and we look forward to working with them. We believe that these new laws substantially improve the regulatory model in California and support SDG&E's goal of delivering safe and reliable energy to our customers and the communities we serve. But let me emphasize one thing. Our goal of safely mitigating the risk of any wildfire across our service territory is a top priority as it has been for over a decade. Please turn to slide 6, where I'll discuss some of the regulatory updates at our California Utilities. Starting with the 2019 GRC, you'll recall that SDG&E and SoCalGas are the first California investor-owned utilities to incorporate the risk assessment mitigation phase into our GRC filings. This takes into account safety and reliability spending as directed by the CPUC. We anticipate a proposed decision will be issued in the coming weeks with a final decision expected by year-end. As a reminder, our financial plan and associated earnings guidance assume a 3.5% attrition rate through 2020. However, until we receive a final decision, we continue to record revenues consistent with 2018 levels. Any true-up related to adopted revenue requirement as well as balancing accounts and other provisions would be recognized in the quarter we received final CPUC approval, retroactive to the beginning of 2019. Trevor will discuss the related impact on quarterly results in more detail a little later on. Regarding our FERC cost of capital filing for SDG&E. Discussions continue with interveners, even though the procedural case is now in the litigation phase. Unless discussions progress an initial decision is expected in the second half of 2020. Moving on to the CPUC cost of capital filings at SDG&E. We filed revised testimony requesting an ROE of 12.38% including consideration of wildfire risk which were lowered from our initial request. This ROE request takes into account our estimation of the risk associated with potential future unrecoverable wildfire liabilities, premiums demanded by insurers and premiums required by investors in our catastrophe bonds. While the law helps to further mitigate any risk of future wildfire damages SDG&E could face, we believe this revised ROE request is reasonable and helps further our goal of delivering safe, reliable and affordable energy to our customers. We continue to expect a final decision by year-end in line with the regulatory schedule issued by the CPUC. Please turn to slide 7, where I'll talk about developments at our Texas utility. As Jeff mentioned earlier, we're pleased with closing the InfraREIT and Sharyland acquisitions, as they're both high-quality assets that expand our T&D footprint in Texas. Importantly, these acquisitions were funded with a portion of the proceeds from our completed asset sales and are another example of this management team's ability to effectively and efficiently redeploy capital into investments with strong risk-adjusted returns and premium markets. Oncor's robust five-year capital plan of more than $11 billion and corresponding infrastructure buildout will further support Texas' rapid growth. Oncor's assets are strategically located to take advantage of potential renewable additions, load growth from oil and gas development in the Permian Basin and continued demographic growth in urban centers around the Dallas-Fort Worth area. The Texas market continues to have a constructive regulatory environment with exceptional growth opportunities. Please turn to the next slide. We also continue to generate positive momentum at our LNG business. Starting with Cameron LNG, we couldn't be more pleased that Train one is delivering low-cost U.S. natural gas to our customers. This is a wonderful milestone for this project. We expect commercial operations under the tolling agreements in mid-August. Cameron LNG recently amended its EPC agreement to further align all parties to complete the project according to the EPC contractor's project schedule, which remains unchanged from what was previously disclosed. The amendment provides the contractor with the potential to earn incentive payments if it meets certain scheduled milestones in a timely manner. This agreement does not materially change our IRR from the project and maintains our expected full run rate earnings from Trains 1, 2, 3 of $400 million to $450 million annually. Now let me provide you some updates on our LNG development projects. We continue to be quite active. Notably over the last 10 months we signed HOAs MOUs and an SPA totaling 17.6 MTPA of potential offtake capacity with customers. At Port Arthur LNG we announced an HOA with Aramco Services Company for 5 MTPA of offtake capacity and a 25% equity stake in the project. This HOA combined with the Polish oil and gas company SPA, represents nearly 65% of the project's total offtake capacity. At ECA the Phase 1 development project continues to progress with a goal of reaching FID around the end of 2019. Aside from the activities at ECA this past quarter IEnova reached mechanical completion on the Marine Pipeline continued diversifying its business through contracts with private corporations and most recently announced offtake agreements with Marathon Petroleum and BP for capacity at the Manzanillo and Guadalajara liquids terminals and increase the capacity at the Manzanillo liquids terminal to approximately 2.2 million barrels. With regard to Mexico in general, we are not pleased with the recent developments regarding two of IEnova's pipelines and the IEnova management team along with deep engagement by the senior team here at Sempra are actively focused on reaching a timely resolution. We continue to work with the CFE, so that we can help deliver low-cost natural gas that benefits the people in Mexico. Regarding the development portfolio, IEnova continues to expand its infrastructure with nine projects under development or in construction. The offtake agreements for these projects are each with private enterprises, primarily major global energy companies. These projects will help provide access to cheaper and cleaner energy across the country. Now let me turn the call over to Trevor, who will review our financial results beginning with slide 9.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks Joe. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter 2019 GAAP earnings of $354 million or $1.26 per share. This compares favorably to second quarter 2018 GAAP losses of $561 million or $2.11 per share. On an adjusted basis, second quarter 2019 earnings were $309 million or $1.10 per share. This compares to our second quarter 2018 adjusted earnings of $361 million or $1.35 per share. Please turn to slide 10, where I'll discuss the key drivers of our quarterly results. The variance in our second quarter 2019 adjusted earnings when compared to last year was affected by the following key items: $40 million variance at Sempra Mexico due to impacts from foreign currency and inflation effects net of foreign currency hedges. This large delta year-over-year was primarily driven by a $34 million benefit in the second quarter of 2018 from a depreciation in the peso compared to a $6 million expense in the second quarter of 2019 from a slight appreciation in the peso. $35 million of lower earnings at Sempra renewables related to assets sold in December of 2018 and April of 2019; $26 million of lower earnings at the California Utilities from lower CPUC base operating margin in 2019, due to the delay in the 2019 GRC decision while absorbing higher operating costs, including higher wildfire insurance premiums at SDG&E. As Joe mentioned earlier, any true-up for the 2019 GRC related to adopted revenue requirements and attrition would be recognized in the quarter we receive final CPUC approval retroactive to the beginning of 2019, and $1 million of lower earnings at Sempra Texas utilities. While this is a small variance it was mainly due to Oncor's acquisition of InfraREIT net the transaction costs recorded during the quarter, which was offset by higher consumption in the second quarter of 2018 primarily driven by weather. These items were offset by $22 million of higher earnings from our discontinued operations in South America mainly from higher tariffs; lower cost purchase power in Peru; and including $10 million of lower depreciation expense in both countries due to assets classified as held for sale; $19 million of higher earnings at Sempra LNG from our marketing operations primarily driven by optimization of natural gas transport contracts related to our ongoing businesses and LNG development projects; and $12 million of higher earnings at SDG&E from increased investments in Electric Transmission operations. I'd now like to take a moment to discuss some potential financial impact we expect as a result of the wildfire legislation that Joe mentioned earlier. We plan to fund SDG&E's initial share of the wildfire fund with the contribution from Sempra Energy. Sempra Energy does not anticipate issuing any new equity to fund this. And given the size of the contribution, we expect minimal negative impacts to our credit metrics in exchange for a material improvement in the overall risk profile of SDG&E and Sempra Energy. Additionally, we along with the other California IOUs are currently evaluating the accounting treatment of these contributions. And we expect a resolution to this in the third quarter. Please turn to slide 11. Over the last year, we laid out a strategy to grow at scale. It was a 3-part plan that involved, focusing on, a smaller number of high-growth, high-impact markets, recycling capital from lower- to higher-return businesses and executing across all platforms with discipline and focus. We also continue to add to the strength and depth of our management team, and will remain focused on delivering our financial commitments. The reaffirmation of our adjusted EPS guidance range reflects all of this, as well as our continued confidence in the strategic plan. With that, we'll conclude our prepared remarks. And start to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Jeff Martin: Good afternoon, Greg.
Greg Gordon: A couple of questions, first, there were some audit that recently around the Cameron project, because of the action in McDermott's share price after they reported their financial results. So, I think you know the project is pretty much on the verge of being complete now. And you've given them new incentive payments. I also think, you have some protections for some reason even though we're in the end game here they fail to commercially complete the project in terms of letters of credit in such. Can you talk about your comfort level with the ability to get the project completed on the current schedule? And what the contingencies will be, if you can in this very late stage, if they fail to complete it?
Jeff Martin: Greg. Thanks for that question. Obviously, we spent a little bit of time in our prepared remarks, talking about the progress we're having right now in Train 1. There's a term of ours in the contract referred to as substantial completion, which we're expecting for Train 1 in the next day or so. And that trigger is really the commencement of revenues, which we referenced this commercial operations in the middle of the month. So, you're raising a couple good points. As we get further along, in the development of the project the, risk that you're talking about actually diminish in terms of time and exposure. And then to your point, there's been no change in terms of the expected completion dates for Trains 2 and 3. The contract amendments that you reference also provide the appropriate incentives. I think that calls us to have more certainty with respect to that schedule. But perhaps, Joe, you can provide some additional color relative to the contract …
Joe Householder: …Yeah.
Jeff Martin: …relationship.
Joe Householder: Thanks Jeff. Hi. Greg. Yeah look I feel very confident about this. You mentioned the amendment. And I think that gives them a lot of incentive to earn these performance-based payments by continuing. They're making really great progress and the plants running really well. So all that's, good, as there's very positive momentum at the site. Obviously, their stock price took a hit. But I think that's focused on other things and didn't really change the financial condition of the company itself. I think you mentioned a couple of things. We do have letters of credit that backup the contract. And we feel comfortable with what those are. And as you recall, we have joint several liability between the two contracting partners. And Sharyland, just received a large influx of capital from Mitsubishi and MUFG. So, I think I feel really good about it. Obviously, I don't like to see that happening to one of our working members. But it's been a little bit tough for them. But they continue to get great big contracts from very large multinational oil companies. So I think people have conviction, that they'll make it.
Greg Gordon: Okay. A couple more questions. In terms of what's going on in Mexico I know, there's some opacity there. Is the government there concerned about the force majeure payments that have been made for pipelines that have not been delivering gas? Or are they also in addition to being unhappy about the force majeure payments asking for fundamental redesign of the underlying contract structure of those agreements, between the pipelines and CFE?
Jeff Martin: Greg thanks for the question. You'll recall, there's about, seven pipelines down there that have -- in disputes with CFE. Two of those impact pipelines, two of the 14 that we own in Mexico. And the answer to your question is the former. The conversations have been focused specifically on the force majeure provisions. And you'll recall that the Sonora pipeline is not currently in operation due to the Ocu tribe has interrupted our service. And although, that we've completed the Marine Pipeline it has not been placed in service yet as part of these discussions. But Joe, perhaps you can provide some additional color on the Mexico situation.
Joe Householder: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. Yeah. Greg, look I wanted to start out by saying, your team here at Sempra is very engaged with our colleagues in Mexico City on these issues. George and I were actually just in Mexico last week. And we're working with Carlos and Tania. We met with several parties to continue our advocacy for a resolution of these matters. It's a really a commercial dispute around two of these pipelines, two of our 14 pipelines. Each of those pipelines as Jeff said is complete. But these are fully legal contracts that were developed by the CFE in the auction. So we feel good about our ability to continue to work with them. And we are in pretty much a daily basis working with them to try to resolve what I view as a commercial difference of opinion. But they've approved these force majeure payments. And when we went to them with what the force majeure reason was they approved that and approved the payments and now they're asking that to be reevaluated.
Jeff Martin: I'd also mentioned Greg, I think that we're fairly optimistic that we think there's a time line in front of us where we can move through this relatively quickly. And I think all the signals have been from the government that they share our interest in resolving this quickly. So I think there's an alignment of interest and we're hopeful that we can make some progress in the near term.
Greg Gordon: Great. My final question is on the accounting for the wildfire fund payments, the initial contribution and the ongoing contributions. You indicated you're working with the other utilities in the states to figure out where’s the countrymen [ph]. I mean are the two options that they're either considered -- you can charge-off both the initial contribution and the future contributions. And -- or is there a potential for -- because of these meeting payments that send out for an extended -- for nine more years on an annualized basis that that would be an item that would be considered to GAAP operating non-recoverable expense? Or to sum up the question, what are the different potential outcomes here and how should we think about that?
Jeff Martin: Right. And I'm -- we feel a little bit apologetic. We wish we could give you a really clean answer as to what the appropriate accounting treatment would be. You're absolutely right in your assessment they work increasingly with our colleagues to the North and their respective audit firms to make sure that we get the right approach here. But Trevor perhaps you could give Greg some color around the options that are being currently reviewed.
Trevor Mihalik: Sure Jeff. Hey Greg. Yeah, so one of the things we're doing is, like Jeff said, we're working with the others just because you need to have consistency across all three entities because it's really the same transaction. And so what we're looking at is working through that with them and then ultimately getting it through the two different audit firms that DNT audits us and PG&E and then PWC on Edison. But what you're really asking is could this be an expense or does this really meet a definition of an asset from a GAAP basis. And if it meets the definition of an asset from a GAAP basis then how does that get unwound off your balance sheet. And so we're working through all of that right now, but it really comes down to can you expense it immediately, or do you to have to hold it up on your balance sheet and then unwind it either through some kind of an actuarial assumption or over some period of time that it would come off your balance sheet. And that's really just for the initial contribution.
Greg Gordon: And for the ongoing expense?
Trevor Mihalik: Same thing. Sorry, the initial contribution in the ongoing expense and then you've got the other piece of the legislation, which is the contribution to the mitigation investments. That's now $215 million and that really then ultimately is really part of our ongoing wildfire expense capital, but you just don't get an equity return on the capital but you do get a return of that as well as the associated financing costs. So really the 322 and the 13 is, do we expense that immediately on a 322 and then expense the 13 each year? Or do you capitalize and put it on your balance sheet as an asset and then unwind that over some period of time. And all of that's being worked on and we will come up with an answer before the third quarter because we're recording it in the third quarter.
Greg Gordon: Gentlemen thank you.
Peter Wall: Greg, this is Peter. Just to add on to what Trevor said. Kind of the third alternative there is an event based treatment, so we would hang it up as an asset. And then should we or one of the other IOUs have an event and a determination was made by the CPUC in terms of recoverability whether or not that was expensed at that time.
Greg Gordon: I see. Okay, thank you. Have a great day.
Peter Wall: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Next we will hear from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Constantine Lednev: Hi, good morning. It's actually Constantine here for Shar. Just thinking about you didn't mention any updates on the South America sales, so I guess the first part is, is there any updates that you have there? Do you have any tentative schedule in mind yet? Or is the process still ongoing? And the follow-up within that is thinking about the post South America sale Sempra, are you planning to update kind of the dilution guidance numbers or somewhere after the close or around the third quarter? Or is that going to be reserved a little bit more for when a lot of these other items start coming to fruition like the GRC in California, all the regulatory proceedings, Texas updates deleveraging et cetera?
Jeff Martin: Thank you for that question. We've laid out a strategy that Trevor described in his prepared remarks where we're trying to refocus the business around higher growth markets where we think we can produce the biggest financial impacts. At the same time that we're moving our investment strategy where we can from lower return to higher-return investments and then trying to execute with more discipline. And with that context the South American transaction is really important to us. It gives us a chance to basically recycle capital out of South America directly into our North American strategy, strengthen our balance sheet and support our $25 billion capital program. What we traditionally do as the convention would be to update our 2020 guidance on our Q4 call in February and you raised a number of really important points. And I think it does put some context to this quarter. We just produced $3.03 of adjusted earnings in the first half of the year relative to the prior period in 2018 where it was closer to $2.78. So we've been able to produce roughly 9% growth rate year-over-year. That does not include the benefits from the recently closed InfraREIT transaction. It doesn't include any potential uplift from the GRC or the cost of capital. And you will note that we have not been recording the -- any benefit from an attrition increase year-over-year as part of the GRC. And finally we noted on the call that we expect Cameron to start producing revenues in the middle part of the month. So again, that's another portion of uplift that's not captured in the first half. So those are all some strong positives going into 2020. And based upon the South American sale when we have those definitive numbers that will go into that overall assessment of how we think about 2020. But certainly based upon the results from the first half of the year, we feel good about being at $3.03. And we'd able to have closed the InfraREIT transaction and have now visibility of the first train producing revenues in the middle of the month with the GRCs hopefully with the proposed decision in the coming weeks. We think we're very well set up to provide really good visibility going into 2020. But I'll stop there. We have a new member of our team that many on the call may recognize. George Bilicic has spent a better part of 20 years as the Vice Chairman of Lazard handling mergers and acquisitions and engagements, supporting good governance at Boards. We're very pleased to have him part of our team. And he's actually leading and stepped into the South American transaction with Dennis and Trevor on the team. I thought George perhaps you could speak to the current state of that transaction on an going-forward basis.
George Bilicic: Thanks, Jeff. And what I'd say about the process is we're right in the middle of a very competitive sales process. We've received robust interest in these assets. They're obviously a very unique and rare collection of assets with a strong underlying investment thesis for potential new owners of the business. We're again in the middle of the process. We would be anticipating announcing the winning bidder toward the end of the third quarter of this year or early in the fourth quarter.
Constantine Lednev: Perfect. Yes that's a very thorough answer. Thank you for that. Just kind of following up on kind of the Cameron side and I've noted a couple of remarks that were from the McDermott call and that kind of the performance milestone bonuses are kind of forthcoming. So that kind of -- that seems to bode well for completion there. But also thinking about the site and if you talked about the expansion at the Trains 4 and 5 while Port Arthur and ECA kind of both have an FID time line how are you thinking about the development at the site for 4, 5 kind of between the existing partnership having interest and any kind of analysis and parallel path that can go on with development there?
Jeff Martin: Thank you for that question. And I think there's also an opportunity will not stop to let Joe kind of update on some of the expansion opportunities at Port Arthur. But we remain very excited about Cameron expansion. I think the relationship with Total as an anchor tenant has been really important to us. It's a relationship that we've invested in. I'm actually going on a marketing trip to Europe in the next couple of weeks. I think, Joe and his team with Carlos and others are expected to be going on another trip to Asia. So we feel good about the marketing work that's taking place. Joe cited in his prepared remarks the 17 million tons per annum that we've signed up under some form of agreement in the last 10 months to 12 months. But Cameron too is an interesting opportunity right? Cameron was built as a Brownfield site initially. We think the expansion opportunity makes a lot of sense for our partners. It's certainly something that Total has been quite constructive on and we're continuing to process now a study with our fellow partners about that expansion. I think it continues to look like something that is a that we feel is we're optimistic about. But Joe perhaps you can provide some color on both including the developments at Port Arthur.
Joe Householder: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. Yes, I think, I've mentioned before on prior calls that the partners are working -- looking very hard at the expansion project. Our focus is clearly on getting Cameron Trains 1, 2, 3 into operation. And we're right at the date of getting Train 1 into operation and start earning. So Trains 2 and 3 are progressing well. So it is time for us to be at this point where we're studying with our partners, the ability to move that project forward and it has all the FERC approvals and everything. So as Jeff said we're encouraged about that. On Port Arthur, we're really encouraged about having about two-thirds of it either under contract with Poland or in the HOA with Aramco Services. And so that project has a really high focus in our team to fill out the necessary commercial agreements so that we can move that project forward. And we're getting a lot of positive interest and that in part caused us to go to the FERC and file for two additional trains that create the potential for 27 MTPA at Port Arthur. And we requested authority of FERC to site and construct that by January 2021. So that's all important. And I would say, we're also really advancing our work with Bechtel on the engineering work at Port Arthur. So we're pretty excited about what's going on.
Constantine Lednev: Wonderful. That's really helpful color. Thank you very much.
Joe Householder: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, good afternoon.
Jeff Martin: Hey, Julien, how are you doing?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Thank you. So perhaps just to kick it off in the prepared commentary you mentioned Mexico and the peso. Just to clarify here what you meant by that if the peso remains at its current levels, do you feel comfortable with your current guidance range? I know mentioned in the remark's that it could impact your 2019 guidance. Just want to clarify that at the outset here.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. Yeah, I don't think there's much to read-through there. I think we affirmed our guidance for 2019 and what we called out was we still have two rate cases to follow through on and three cost of capital, two here in the state and one at FERC. And obviously, as you can see just in the quarter-over-quarter results FX does change from time-to-time. So we're just calling that out as another factor that will have some impact to the second half of the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. All right. Fair enough. And then separately, if I can go back to the cost of capital side of that equation since you just mentioned it the move the equity cap ratio upwards from 52 to 56 potentially. Can you elaborate a little bit on the process there and your confidence level of making that happen? Obviously, one of your peers seems to have made moves around that already. But I would be curious, if you have any comments.
Jeff Martin: I appreciate the question. I think we noted in our remarks that the PUC laid out a scoping memo that puts us on a path to get to final cost of capital decisions by the end of the year Julien. Our utility was actually updated yesterday so filed comments on the cost of capital were filed yesterday. SDG&E requested 12.83%. SoCalGas has Julien remained unchanged at 10.7% I think you'll find is a fairly tight range of filings. I think PG&E is now at 12% and Edison is at 11.5% -- 11.45%. So I think the three electric utilities are in the 40 to 90 BP range with each other. And we're already at the 56% level from the equity standpoint at SDG&E and that's exactly what we filed for was 56%. But I would also mention, the process we use we've used the exact same industry experts that we've used on prior cost of capital filings. We went through a process with them to develop rational economic models that form the basis of our initial filing and that was before the AV 1054 legislation. And after that legislation passed, we went back to the same folks updated those models. And consistent with the underlying assumptions that were published around the AV 1054 that really led to our revised comments yesterday where we adjusted our number to 12.38%, as our request for SDG&E.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Last quick detail, 2020 guidance affirming that here?
Jeff Martin: We as a convention Julien – that's a good question. We as a convention do not affirm forward guidance. We did on – actually as an aberration we did that on our Q1 call largely, because you recall that we had changed the schedule for Trains 2 and 3 and taken a lot of investor interest in that. So we reaffirmed that on the last call. There's no look through issue here. And just as a matter of convention we don't talk about our forward guidance on every call.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you. Appreciate it. All the best.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot Julien.
Operator: And our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Hi. Thanks. Just on the – first on the LNG growth projects could you maybe just give a little more color on milestones that we should be watching to the end of the year to watch for? And then, I guess also along with that have you seen much of an impact from the lower commodity environment in terms of customer interest how are they kind of looking through that?
Jeff Martin: Thanks for the question, Steve. I'll start with the second question first. Obviously, the spot market for LNG has been trending lower. There's a lot of discussion of that in the marketplace, and there are folks that are influenced by the shorter part of that curve. But most of the folks, we're talking about they understand that there needs to be additional capacity built. They understand that the United States has not only the lowest-priced access to natural gas largely because so much of this is associated gas, Steve. We've got lower volatility and deep capital markets. So more capacity has to get built and that capacity will be built based on long-term contracts. So we have not seen any material impact to the marketing discussions, we're having just because the spot market really for LNG is low at this time. In terms of the milestones to think about particularly as we focus on ECA 1, we're still targeting trying to get that completed by the end of the year in terms of a final investment decision. There's three things we're focused on, number one, taking our existing three counterparties from the heads of agreement to a definitive SPA. Number two, filing for and getting our export permit to move gas off the West Coast to Mexico. And finally, we've got some more work to do to finalize our EPC contract. But that's really the focus as we think about now and year-end.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just totally separate question back in California I would be interested in your thoughts on the new president of the CPUC and just given the focus on PUC reform and Governor Newsom's focus there just any sense on what you see maybe being done differently going forward?
Jeff Martin: Thank you. I would start by saying that I personally have not spent a lot of time with Governor Newsom prior to him stepping into his new role. I think members of our Board members of our management team myself included we have been very impressed with the leadership he's shown in the last six months together with leadership from the legislature. So think about the fire experiences we had as a state Steve in 2017 and 2018. The big effort that we made last year to get to SB 901 and to have the issues that have developed in the state since then and really to see a new governor step in and kind of galvanize the type of political support that was necessary to deliver this was really, really important. I would also say he is very focused on ensuring that we have a good regulatory environment and that there are needed reforms at the commission. I think the naming of the new president has been important. We certainly enjoyed Michael Picker's reign over the last six plus years, but she has a noted reputation as a reformer. She's been very successful in the prior roles that she's had in the state and outside the state. I have not had the chance to meet with her, but folks who know her personally hold her in very high regard. So we're quite optimistic not only that, this new legislation helps move us back toward a premium regulatory marketplace, but we're also very pleased with the new leadership that's taking place at the commission.
Steve Fleishman: Thank you.
Operator: And next we will hear from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Question about Port Arthur. When you -- it seems like you're getting closer to an FID decision on Port Arthur. And it's exciting that you're going to potentially upsize this. When you first took Cameron 1, 2, 3 FID you gave out disclosure and you've updated that over time about the EBITDA and earnings impact potentially for Cameron 1 2 3. I know it's still a little bit early, but if you do have some of the contracts in hand, how should we think about the economics of Port Arthur relative maybe on $1 per train basis or $1 per Bcf day basis relative to the economics of Cameron now that we're seven or eight years down the road? The world's becoming more competitive with more LNG, more folks building liquefaction in the U.S. How should we think about the returns on that type of project the earnings and EBITDA impact relative to the size and scale and compared to what you did with Cameron?
Jeff Martin: Michael I think there's a lot of questions embedded in that. I probably cannot give you the definitive detail you're looking for. I can say that we're pleased at this point to have close to 70% of the contracts in hand. We have a lot more work to be done to finalize the additional customers that we need. Believe it or not, that site is expandable to eight trains. It could be upwards to 45 million tons per annum. And certainly that's not currently within the contemplation of our near-term ambition. But it's a great site. I think having Saudi Aramco as an anchor tenant there was a huge development for our company. And obviously, they're also expected to be a 25% stakeholder. So having them involved will be a real resource to us not just on the engineering side, but how we approach financing that project. As we move through what we have internally as a 10-point report card for FID both at ECA one and Port Arthur, one of the things we're doing now is working through the issues you're describing in terms of making sure we're hitting the right hurdle rates and we have the right expectations relative to cash flows. But it's something as we move forward that project that we commit to come back to you with Michael with more detail in the future.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then my next question I know especially if you move forward with Port Arthur ECA you'll have a very capital intensive budget for the coming years on good growth projects. But Jeff, how are you generally thinking about M&A whether it's U.S. utilities or whether it's other? And to be honest, how does the integration of Oncor into the portfolio impact your view of future bolt-on acquisitions?
Jeff Martin: Great question. I tell you we have had a very active M&A team at our company for the better part of 15 years. And typically Michael it was focused really on project level acquisitions which I think we developed quite a bit of expertise around. The Oncor transaction was one that we probably had studied in terms of what we received in California and the type of markets that we found most attractive. I think it's one of the reasons that we were able kind of move relatively quickly, when we had to make that transaction happen. And by the way, we cannot be more pleased with that. I think you were able to attend our analyst conference this spring. Alan laid out one of the best high visibility growth projections for that business that I've seen since I've been at Sempra. And by the way, to be able to come behind that and extend that Texas platform with InfraREIT has been a real plus for us. So, I'm really excited about the Texas market generally. I'm excited about the backlog in the interconnection queue there in ERCOT and the need for more generation to be built given some of the relatively low reserve margins. So, that platform is something that we have high optimism about. We typically don't talk about as a convention forward M&A. But clearly Texas continues to be a market of interest for us and we are very excited about the continued outperformance relative to what we thought Oncor could do. And you've seen us raise that capital plan now three or four times including now updating it for the InfraREIT transaction. So stay tuned. We'll continue to focus on our $25 billion capital program. We have a lot in front of us and we feel great about what's been taking place in Texas.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Jeff. Much appreciated.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: And our next question will come from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good morning guys.
Jeff Martin: Hi Sophie.
Sophie Karp: Hi, I wanted to just Hi, confirm something on the Mexico pipeline dispute right? Could you confirm that this issue is contained to the force majeure payments? Or is that a broader scope there maybe concerning the ongoing tariff?
Jeff Martin: Yes, there was a similar question earlier. I would say that a couple of things are important to confirm. One is we have 14 pipelines in Mexico. As you know we've got re-gas facilities in LDCs. We've got solar wind facilities. We've got refined product storage. This is really contained to two contracts out of the 14 pipelines. And the focus of the conversations have been around the force majeure payments largely because both of those pipelines have not been in operation. But keep in mind these were contracts that were sourced as part of a competitive bid process. These are contracts that were put forward by CFE for their bidders to sign. And based upon how those contracts are written relative to the force majeure provisions, CFE has been making payments against those force majeure requirements since the force majeure have been occurred. So, to answer your question specifically, yes, the focus of the conversation is around reforming the force majeure provisions in both of those contracts.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And then also should we think about this issue as more or less intertwined with your process of obtaining the export permits for your terminal there?
Jeff Martin: No, I don't think there's any read-through there. I mean look the new president down there has set a variety of goals about what he wants to do with that country. He wants it to be safer, he wants it to be more fair, he wants to raise the standard of living of all the Mexican people. And you think about how we've actually positioned IEnova. We've been down there for over two decades now really with a goal of making the critical infrastructure investments that allow energy to compete, that allows energy prices to be cheaper, that allows energy sources to be more clean. So, we think we have a big role to play and continuing to make progress that's good for the country.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And one last one if I may. I want to ask you if are you seeing any impact on any of your businesses from the ongoing trade war and trade disputes between the U.S. and China. Maybe it's on the LNG side or on the kind of construction side any color on that you could give us would be helpful.
Jeff Martin: Yes, appreciate the question. We've looked at this from time to time. Obviously, we're in kind of the definitive phase of trying to wrap up our EPC contracts both for ECA and for Port Arthur. But we really see no impact yet on that type of issue. Formerly, when we owned renewable business, it was a type of issue that could impact assertion of panels. But today across our businesses, we really have not felt any material impact relative to those trade issues.
Sophie Karp: Thank you. That's all I had.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot Sophie.
Operator: And our final question will come from Sunil Sibal with Seaport Global Securities.
Sunil Sibal: Yes, hi. Good morning guys and thanks for taking my question.
Jeff Martin: Good morning Sunil.
Sunil Sibal: Yes, I just wanted to drill a little bit into the contracting construct for the LNG project. I understand that for the Cameron all the contracts were on tolling basis and just wanted to know for this Port Arthur contract are you following the same approach or there is kind of more flexibility on how you're contracting those that plant?
Jeff Martin: Joe would you like to respond to that?
Joe Householder: Sure. Yes, the tolling model was something that was prevalent in the first construction with our project and a couple others, but it's no longer a model that most customers prefer for a variety of different reasons. And most of them now prefer to have a simple STA model where they're buying LNG either deliver to them or at the birth of the LNG plant. And whether or not that particular customer have gas in North America, they prefer to just separate that activity from the LNG plant. So, it may be the customer and that we have a few of these the customer actually wants to bring gas and sell it to the plant. That's okay with us because our model has a determination of what the price is. The LNG price is based on the gas price. So, we don't care. We know how to buy gas. We bought gas for many of our businesses like when we owned the generation plants and so forth. So, it's fine with us. It's just a little bit different than the tolling model, but effectively we're creating what would almost be like a synthetic toll.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. Thanks for that. And does that kind of create a little bit more commodity exposure for you or maybe infrastructure exposure for you upstream? And is that kind of incorporated into your tolling model or your returns on the project?
Jeff Martin: Thanks, Sunil. What we try to do is we sat down and looked at the entire value chain for LNG and thought about what parts of that value chain are consistent with what Sempra does every day. For example, like at SoCalGas, where we buy gas and have it shipped to our city gate. And what we determined was that we could basically make a traditional infrastructure investment at the terminal, get long-term contracts and have great visibility and certainty of cash flows. We could also, if needed by customers, contract for gas to be shipped on pipelines to our facility. But in all those cases, we would only do that if we were selling it at an index plus price. So, in other words, the price risk from the index selected by the customer is passed on directly to the customer. And we don't participate in that type of commodity exposure in terms of the volatility that you're asking about.
Joe Householder: No upstream investment.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. Got it. And then just one more on the Cameron incentive payments that you did with McDermott. So obviously McDermott has revealed $110 million of payments for Train 1 and maybe part of that price to Train 2 and 3 also. So I just wanted to understand that how much more of those kind of incentive payments could be there, if you can talk about that in more specificity. Is there an order of magnitude we should think about in terms of those payments?
Joe Householder: Thank you. This is Joe. I'll just say this. We did not make the provision for that amendment public. So McDermott did say that on their call relative to what they had collected. And it's effectively mostly work -- milestone payments that they got from work on Trains 2 and 3, not on Train 1. And we're not going to tell you the number -- the total number. But I can tell you what's most important from a Sempra point of view, it doesn't materially impact our IRR from the project nor our earnings forecast that we've given you.
Sunil Sibal: Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot, guys.
Joe Householder: Appreciate Sunil.
Operator: And I will now turn the call back over to Jeff Martin for closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: I just want to close by expressing our appreciation for everyone who joined us this morning. If you have any follow-up questions per custom, please feel free to reach out to our IR team. We hope each of you have a great day.
Operator: And that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-07 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Please standby, we are about to begin. Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Faisel Khan. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra Energy's first quarter 2019 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our Web site under the Investors section. Here in San Diego are several members of our management team, including Jeff Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Joe Householder, President and Chief Operating Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Peter Wall, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. It's important to note that all the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, May 7, 2019, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide four, and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot, Faisel. I'd like to thank everyone who attended our Investor Day here in San Diego. We appreciated having the opportunity to provide a comprehensive update on our strategy and capital plans and enjoyed taking many of you to visit our LNG facility in Baja, California, as well as SDG&E where we highlighted our wildfire mitigation program and showcased our other California utility assets. We hope you came away from our conference with the following: First, we have a sharper strategic focus, second, we've improved our capital discipline and third, we are investing in a high performance culture. Since our Investor Day, we held our internal top 300 leadership meeting, leaders across our company came together here in San Diego to discuss steps we're taking to better align our 20,000 employees to directly support our strategic mission of becoming North America's premier energy infrastructure company. There was a great sense of energy amongst the team as we set our course for the next year and beyond. From an execution standpoint, we continue to make progress on our goals. Just last month, we completed the sale of our wind assets, which bring the total cash proceeds from our renewable to midstream divestitures to approximately $2.5 billion. Well above market expectations. Next our focus is on successfully completing the planned sale of our South American businesses, which we're targeting to close around the end of this year. Proceeds from our asset sales will be used to advance our strategic mission by funding growth while also strengthening our balance sheet by paying down parent debt. Now, looking forward, Sempra is well-positioned, our business is at the intersection of two key trends that are transforming the energy markets, the transition towards cleaner energy, which is happening market-by-market, and the US's growing dominance in the global energy markets. We expect our assets to play a key role in furthering both of these trends, which in turn should create jobs both in the United States and Mexico, bolster the economies of both countries and drive future value creation for our shareholders. Before handing off the call to Joe, I'd also like to highlight that we're affirming our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance range as well as our 2020 EPS guidance range. Please turn to the next slide, where Joe will discuss how we're executing on our operational goals.
Joe Householder: Thanks, Jeff. Before touching on some of the legislative discussions happening in California on wildfire risk, I'd like to mention that last week the CPUC issued a favorable proposed decision on SDG&E's wildfire mitigation plan, enabling us to continue to improve our industry leading program. Now, on the legislative front, we're pleased with Governor Newsome and the strike force's leadership and their proposals. The most important aspects are mitigating the threat of wildfires through measures such as increased vegetation management, advancing emergency response to minimize damage if an event occurs, and defining proposals that can help ensure healthy utilities to achieve California's greenhouse gas reduction goals. We believe the strike force's recent recommendations of a liquidity fund, a wildfire fund, and changes to inverse condemnation help narrow the focus of the Blue Ribbon Commission. We're actively engaged to help ensure that our customers and our shareholders' interests are addressed and that our existing wildfire mitigation efforts are recognized. We're optimistic that effective legislative solutions could be introduced and approved this summer. Although positive headway is being made the current regulatory environment and threat of wildfires in this state are factors we must take into account in our regulatory filings including that cost of capital proceeding. Please turn to slide six. This CPUC cost of capital proceeding is very important to our two utilities, because our currently authorized return on equity numbers were last updated in July of 2017, and were the result of a two-year extension from our cost of capital proceeding approved in 2013. A lot has happened since 2017, and even more so since 2013. Over this time period, in California, customer needs, state mandates, energy goals, the environment, the regulatory construct, have all changed considerably. They've had a corresponding and material impact on the risk profile of California investor-owned utilities.
to : With this in mind, we request that first an increase to our authorized ROEs, at SDG&E we requested a base ROE of 10.9% plus a 3.4% ADAR [ph] for a total of 14.3%, an increase from our currently authorized ROE of 10.2%. We have arrived at the wildfire ADAR by estimating risks associated with potential unrecoverable wildfire liability, premiums required by insurers and premiums required by investors in our catastrophe bonds. At SoCalGas, we requested an ROE of 10.7% compared to it's currently authorized ROE of 10.05%. And second an increase in our authorized capital structure to 56% equity for both utilities, which has been our average actual capital structure over the past five years and puts us within the range of debt ratios for Moody's A rated regulated electric and gas utility companies. We believe our ROE applications are appropriate based on our financial modeling, input from external consulting experts and taking into account the current capital markets and regulatory environment. We also believe the applications will help to ensure the credit worthiness and financial integrity of our California utilities. For additional perspective, our base ROE requests are similar to our authorized ROEs prior to 2012, which were around 11%. We submitted our FERC cost of capital filing for SDG&E in October of last year, which included a proposed ROE of 11.2% compared to our current ROE of 10.05%. In terms of timing, settlement discussions have started and are expected to go through the second half of the year. A requested FERC ROE increase is clearly lower than our proposed CPUC ROE increase. This is primarily due to the fact that when these applications were filed, events that have occurred since that time and most importantly differences in the probability of cost recovery between the two regulatory jurisdictions. Regarding our 2019 GRC filings, based on the activity we've seen, we continue to believe will receive a proposed decision from the CPUC in mid 2019 with an effective date of January 1, 2019. Southern California Edison recently received their proposed decision but from a timing perspective each rate case is assessed on an individual basis and is led by different commissioners and administrative law judges. We continue to believe our proposals are in the best interests of all stakeholders involved with a focus on safety and reliability for our customers. Please turn to the next slide. Shifting to our Texas Utility business, we're happy to report the settlement has been reached with key stakeholders in on course proposed acquisition of InfraREIT and Sempra's proposed acquisition of a 50% interest in Sharyland, the last regulatory steps in the transaction or approval and a final order from the PUCT. This is consistent with our previous timeline and we would expect to close the transaction in mid-2019. Now, please turn to slide eight. I'd now like to spend a few minutes discussing our infrastructure businesses. Let me start with Cameron. As you'll recall, at our Investor Day, we were able to raise Sempra's projected annual run rate earnings guidance range for Cameron LNG Phase 1 to $400 million to $450 million. Train 1 continues to achieve key milestones to support its timeline and most recently we introduced feed gas in mid-April. We expect to begin producing LNG from this train shortly and began recognizing earnings in mid-2019. Based on updated disclosures, the EPC contractor now expects Train 2 to produce LNG in Q1 2020 and Train 3 to produce LNG in Q2 of 2020 due to a longer construction and commissioning schedule. Moving on to our development projects both ECA and Port Arthur recently received non-FDA approval to export LNG. Additionally, Port Arthur received FERC authorization to site, construct and operate the LNG facility. These approvals bring us one step closer to reaching FID for these important projects. Related to IEnova, we're still targeting commercial delivery of natural gas at the Marine pipeline in the second quarter of this year. At the terminal businesses IEnova announced two new capacity contracts with a global integrated oil company. This included an additional contract for 740,000 barrels of storage at the previously announced [indiscernible] marine terminal development project as well as 290,000 barrels of capacity at a new storage terminal project in Guadalajara. This new Guadalajara terminal is our seventh terminal project and one of 12 projects currently in development or under construction. Please turn to the next slide, where Trevor will review our financial results.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Joe. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $441 million or $1.59 per share. This compares favorably to first quarter 2018 earnings of $347 million or $1.33 per share. On an adjusted basis, first quarter earnings were $534 million or $1.92 per share. This compares favorably to our first quarter 2018 adjusted earnings of $372 million or $1.43 per share. Please turn to slide 10, where I'll discuss the key drivers of our quarterly results. The variance in our first quarter 2019 adjusted earnings when compared to last year was affected by the following items, $79 million of higher equity earnings at the Sempra Texas utility segment resulting from the acquisition of our interest in Oncor in March of 2018. $35 million and $31 million at SoCalGas and SDG&E respectively related to the January 2019 CPUC decision allocating certain deferred income tax balances to shareholders. This benefit was included in our 2019 adjusted guidance. $23 million of higher earnings from South American operation including $15 million at Peru due to an increase in rates and lower cost of purchase power and $7 million of higher earnings combined from both utilities as a result of lower depreciation due to the assets classified as held for sale. $21 million in lower expense related to foreign currency and inflation effects net of foreign currency hedges in Mexico, and $15 million of higher earnings at Sempra LNG from our marketing operations primarily driven by changes in natural gas prices which was offset by $18 million of lower operational earnings at SDG&E comprised of $27 million of lower CPUC base operating margin in 2019 due to the delay in the 2019 GRC decision while absorbing higher operating costs. Offset by $9 million of higher earnings from electric transmission operations. And $25 million of higher cost related to increased net interest expense and mandatory convertible preferred stock dividend at parent driven by the Oncor acquisition. Please turn to slide 11. To recap, we continue to execute on our path to premier. Looking forward, our key priorities are executing on our $25 billion five-year base capital plan, optimizing our capital allocation with a focus on strengthening the balance sheet, advancing our LNG development opportunities and engaging with stakeholders in key regulatory and legislative proceedings at our U.S. utilities. We believe our strategic mission and disciplined capital allocation plan should help us reach our operational and financial goals well into the future. With that, we will conclude the prepared remarks and stop to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from question from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Hi, guys, how are you doing?
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Couple of questions, I think obviously the quarter -- quarterly earnings were significantly better than consensus. And I think that utility analysts no matter how long they have been doing this and have been doing it quite a while often have time -- hard time with the quarterly lease [ph], just given how the regulatory model in California causes things to be extremely lumpy sometimes. In this case, it was the utility income tax benefit that was $66 million positive on the quarter. I know that you put that -- there was also a footnote that was also in your full-year guidance range which you gave on analyst day. But, it's probably not a recurring item even though it's considered an ongoing item. So, how do we bridge to 2020 to the growth guidance that you gave for SDG&E and SoCal Gas? What are sort of not in any specific mathematical terms, but in general terms that sort of replace that and offset it so that you can show growth despite that item being sort of a onetime thing?
Jeff Martin: Well, thanks for that question, Greg. And obviously I think there is a number of big levers in front of us for 2019. And you can probably list a lot of these. But obviously we are quite focused on getting our GRC approved for both SoCal Gas and SDG&E. You will recall that the year one step up in our filed request for SoCal Gas was closed to a 20% step up and a 10% step up in the attrition for SDG&E. And then in the outer years, SDG&E is roughly 5% to 6% ad SoCal Gas is in 6% to 7%. So, the outcome of the GRC is important both for 2019 and 2020. And I will remind you that in the recorded results for Q1, we held there are no additional attrition revenues above what we guided in 2018. So that should lead to some form of understatement for Q1. Second, you will recall that we have got our FERC ROE pending. I think we requested 11.2% at several hundred basis points above where we are currently at. The expected effective date for that FERC decision independent of when it's going to be ruled upon is the 1st of June, 2019. And then obviously the cost of capital proceeding at the PUC is really, really foundational to what we are trying to accomplish. And in our base plan we have requested a 10.9% number 4 SDG&E. You have followed us enough you will recall in the '08 to 2012 timeframe it was slightly higher than that. I think it was 11.1%. So we think that's adequate, and you did note that we have a 3.4% ADAR [ph] relative to whether the reforms that we are expect in the summer are adequately put in place. The same number for SoCal Gas is a 10.7% ROE. So, in general there is going to some moving pieces in '19. But our ability to execute well around those regulatory initiatives will have a big impact on 2020.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. My second question bit more general. The governor's framework is released by his I think he calls his strike team or strike force contemplate several ideas to solve the wildfire -- destruction of wildfire problem. And one of them is the idea of this catastrophic wildfire fund. And the understanding is that multiple constituencies would be asked to potentially contribute to capitalize that including the state but also including the utilities. And that that would create a buffer between utility balance sheets and potential future wildfire claims such that inverse condemnation would essentially in many ways be immunized and then if you see [indiscernible] later. I mean how do you contemplate that? Is that a viable outcome for you? Because in some ways I think investors look at it say, well, that's a little bit frustrating. From a Sempra-specific perspective since you have best-in-class wild fire safety provisions. You haven't had a fire in 10 years. And yet, you might be asked to contribute some amount as fund, in the long run it might be in the best interest of your shareholders to contemplate that. And on the other hand you have the best-in-class safety record. So can you talk about you are thinking about the evolution of this negotiation and what that might look like?
Jeff Martin: Yes. It's a very thoughtful question. Let me try and do this. I will give you a couple contextual comments first. And then I will talk about some of the levers that could be put in play that will bridge buffer that you referred to. First off, we probably will stop short of forecast and the outcome. But I can say across our management team, we have growing optimism that will get some things done this summer that will be adequate. First off, I commented on this on the Q4 call, the Governor Newsome [indiscernible] strong leadership. And I think one of the things I try to focus on, Greg, is up and down the state all the right people that you would expect to be at the table are highly engaged which I think is promising. Secondly, you referenced the strike force report. But it does lay out a roadmap for preventing future wildfires in the future. And this is the point you made a comment on SDG&E. We have been a leader in this regard. We have been recognized nationally. So I think that it gives us some credibility to be at the table. And then thirdly, the commission that was established under SD-901, as this report due to legislature on July 1, I think that will be an important thing for all the investor on utilities and investors to track. But there are three key working groups out of that commission now focused on utility cost for coverage standards, wildfire funding mechanisms and insurance supportability. And the heart of your questions goes to this issue of wildfire funding mechanism. And I would say this first off we think it's a good idea to have this type of fund in place. I think it provides confidence to the market. It protects the utility balance sheet. And just as importantly, it gives people who have incurred damages, Greg, access to liquidity which I think inspires some confidence in the marketplace. But the mechanism by which that funding level is met and the funding level is determined continues to be play. I don't want to speculate too much except to say that I know that the reduction of the subrogation rights of insurers that provide wildfire insurance to consumers is actively under consideration. Also note that there is a variety things in the existing rate making formula in California such as the Department of Water Resources bonds which are rolling off here in the short term. So, there is going to be some headroom in existing rates relative to how we might raise those dollars. And like you, we have also heard some of the discussions around potential equity contributions. It's probably quite frankly too early to speculate on that, except to say that we are certainly a significantly small fraction of the state in terms of exposure. We have invested $1.5 billion to date in hardening our backcountry, and our vegetation management programs, we spent another $300 billion. So, around fire science, our risk fuel content in the backcountry, it's something like that came to the floor. We certainly think that any contributions from us should recognize the points that you made, which we're in a materially different situation.
Greg Gordon: Thank you, very clear. Have a good morning.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Analyst and Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, thank you. Excuse me.
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Good morning. Turning to Cameron, could you just first of all, clarify that the dates are all first LNG dates, so in terms of actually turning it into earnings producing asset is that like three months after, six months after what is the rough timeline for turning it commercial?
Jeff Martin: Yes, what we usually look for is that she usually four to six weeks after you get first LNG, it gets a substantial completion as well as earnings.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then I know this isn't an issue by 2021, but just for 2020. How should we think about the delay in terms of your guidance range?
Jeff Martin: Well, I think in my prepared remarks, we talked about the fact that there's really no change. I mean, frankly, you go back to the analyst conference, and we were looking at different contingencies for the year, we build in the expectations of a potential delay like this but 2021 I think, to your point, Steve is still when we expect full run rate earnings. And you recall that at our Investor Day, we raised our expectations around that to $400 million to $450 million.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then maybe just switching gears on to California wildfire fixes. So all the right people together, et cetera, just do you think it's feasible to get done by this July timeframe? Are you more focused on just by the end of the session? And what will kind of where you keyed off of to kind of say that this will get done?
Jeff Martin: Well, we're actually entertaining some of the key stakeholders in Sacramento here in San Diego later this week actually have a group of senior folks and administration tour in our wildfire science center at SDG&E, which we think is positive. All the right conversations are being ahead, we certainly thank Tony Atkins, who's from San Diego, has a very important role to play in the Senate. The governor's got the right folks on it. Guggenheim is our independent financial advisor. They've been meeting with all the credit rating agencies. In fact, some of the agency has actually been out to Sacramento. So we think to your original point, all the right folks are at the table, I continue to be very keyed off of this July 1st date, which is the date that the Blue Ribbon Panel is supposed to make the report to the legislature, which I think is important. And then obviously, there has been a commitment to try to get a bill that is comprehensive to the legislature, the middle of July, which I think is a second data point to follow. But look, I go back to the point Steve but this is the fifth largest economy in the world, we have had a premium regulatory climate here for several decades, I think there is growing recognition in all of my conversations, that they understand the value of having A rated balance sheets from the investor on utilities. I think that, we remain optimistic, we'll get something done.
Steve Fleishman: One last quick question just on the GRC, so we did finally get an Edison GRC and I guess some of the issues there were mixed, but I know you filed. Your GRC, I think it was the first one done under the ramp filing mechanism. So I guess the question really is, how should we view the Edison proposed decision as a parameter at all for years?
Jeff Martin: I'll make a couple comments and see if Joe wants to add some, but internally, Steve, the way we've talked about it is, it's apples and oranges, right, so this risk assessment program that we use for our rate case, really went into all the fundamentals of how you rank a hierarchy of risk operationally in your service territory. And then you've got to tie that to expected capital spending, right? To make sure that you end up with a different risk mitigated set of outcomes. And if you look at the backdrop that the commission is reviewing our ramp based GRC, that backdrop is around how we take risk out of the system and move toward more constructive regulation. So I'm not sure how much precedent I would assign to the Edison case that Joe do you want to add anything about how you're thinking about our rate case?
Joe Householder: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. Hi, Steve. I think you have to consider a few things when you think about it. First each rate case filing is very different, they have different assigned commissioners, different staff, different ALJs, we've already talked about the ramp, I don't need to repeat that, but our filing incorporates safety and reliability spending as directed by the PUC a large component of the filing for SDG&E was including additional wildfire mitigation efforts that include accelerating the hardening increase vegetation management above and beyond what we have to do additional fire prevention technology. And if you look at the wildfire mitigation plan that we have, that was just approved, there's little additional capital in there because most of us already incorporated in this GRC ramp request, and if so, kind of the same thing. It's a continuation of integrity management for transmission, distribution, and storage. So we think we have a very thoughtful filing around safety, reliability, and most of all, importantly, affordability for our customers. So we think as Jeff said, they're apples and oranges.
Steve Fleishman: Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thanks, Steve.
Joe Householder: Thanks
Operator: Next, we'll go to Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning. Can you hear me?
Jeff Martin: Good morning, Julien. You are loud and clear.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. So perhaps just to clarify a couple of things that have already been followed up on here. How do you think about the wildfire mitigation plans and some of the responses and the propositions that came back of late on the LJ side? I suppose, how do you think about translating a wildfire mitigation plan into some form of prudency. And now given the way the things have been developing, how do you think about clarifying that from a legislative perspective? Obviously, this is one Nexus. I'd be curious on your perspectives?
Jeff Martin: Yes, I'll make two comments in that regard and Joe you feel free to come in behind me but you recall that our wildfire mitigation plan was focused on fire hardening vegetation management, increase in our aerial support, so we have a 24-hour capability with the night time flying helicopter. And then, you may recall, Julien, we've got 177 weather stations in the back country, six of those will be retrofitted as part of our plan. And we've asked for an incremental $100 million to $200 million associated with our mitigation plan for 2019. And that augments what Joe covered because there's a fair amount of capital just in our ramp based GRC filing. So as you think about that contextually, then you move over to how you might think about assigned liability. What we're trying to do is move away from some type of discretionary standard, right? So if the goal is to make sure that you're substantially compliant, the whole goal of having this liquidity fund setup is to meet the needs of those people who have incurred losses. Separate and apart from that, you recall, Julien, that commission always retains discretion regarding penalties. If they think that there should have been a different standard and applied. So what we want to move away from is this idea of a discretionary standard where someone's interpolating, how well you've complied with your established wildfire mitigation plan?
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, let me just add on onto that. Hi, Julien. Look, I think that I'm going to go back up to a different level. We really applaud the work of the governor and his leadership and trying to address this. He clearly recognizes that healthy utility companies are a key component of us providing clean, safe, and reliable energy. And in order to have healthy utility companies, we have to have certainty of recovery, right? We have to, and that includes cost in operating our business and those incurred as a result of the application of inverse if we're operating the normal course. So his strike force is laid out a path for the Blue Ribbon Commission and the California Legislature to achieve that. We think that's the way and as Jeff said, we need the certainty. And if you were to look at our U.S. Supreme Court filing, it goes through all of this, right? we have to have certainty of recovery.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: That's right.
Trevor Mihalik: And you can't have it taken. So I think this is the point we need to make.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Clear. And then just turn it back over very quickly to the McDermott side of the equation. Just curious, are there ongoing negotiations here just to clarify after some of the commentary last week here about the status of the project and not necessarily related to timeline, but just cost and even in that there. Obviously, there is a lot of activity on their side of the equation. How do you think about your leverage in the situation to ensure not just timely completion but also completion on budget as it stands today?
Jeff Martin: Let me take that, Julien, I think look for all of you the most important thing to recognize is this project is days away from beginning to produce LNG and start delivering it to our customers. And Cameron LNG and the EPC contractor have common goals in getting this world class project completed safely and reliable. And I want to kind of remind you all that simple risk managers' project and the imminent startup is very exciting for a few reasons. One, we were very low-cost world-class LNG project that has created substantial value for the shareholders to this high return asset that we have, it's a very high return asset, it's going to begin producing earnings very soon. Cameron LNG, the business is very strong, we have strong partners, we have strong contracts and that supports our long-term cash flows from this business. So remember we put in our old project, we're going to get like $12 billion of cash flows out of this thing. And there have been ongoing discussions with the contractor over the last year or so. They continue to move things a little to the right. You can see in McDermott's materials that they just have, they're going to end between the two of them about $1 billion to finish this thing. And so they they'd like to get some help but we would like to make sure we get the project done. We want to get it done. We want to get it done as soon as possible. Everybody's focused on it, what we're really excited about is we're starting up right now. And that's about all I can say right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Fair enough. Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: And Christopher Turnure from JPMorgan has our next question.
Christopher Turnure: Good afternoon guys. Just a follow-up on the last question, Joe, is there a way that we can think about kind of your own internal processes for evaluating Cameron timing and cost in construction versus what the contractors are doing there because I think you're being very deliberate in your message that that is what they're forecasting, that's what their latest update points to. Certainly that was your message at the Analyst Day too and that was pretty recently that we had a affirmation of the old schedule versus now?
Joe Householder: Look I think that we when I say we let me talk about Cameron LNG, Cameron LNG is a company, it's owned 50% by Sempra and 15.6% by the other three equity owners who are our customers. Cameron LNG has people on the ground at the site every day as they have since the start of the construction. And they oversee what's going on, their big engineering team looking at the forecast of the schedule. I can tell you that McDermott has since last year when they took over CB&I put a lot of focus and effort on this project and have gotten more deeply into the schedule and the cost over time as you've seen in their announcements. I think that David Dixon is very intent on getting this project done. He talks to all the partners as well as to Cameron LNG management. We have assessed it. We've had partners, engineers assess it. We've had our owners engineer assess it. We think the schedule is one that seems very reasonable but it's in the hands of the contractor which is Chiyoda and McDermott. So it's up to them to predict the schedule and the cost. We think that what's laid out there. We took that into account when we did our earnings guidance and that's I would say.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, that's helpful color. And then could you just give us a little bit more detail on the LATAM sale process and kind of how that's progressing next milestones to look for and I guess versus a base case what might move that schedule forward or backward?
Jeff Martin: Thank you. The current sales process is being handled by Trevor's our CFO and I'll let Trevor address the next milestone.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. Yes, we're progressing well on schedule. We've seen robust interest across the board for these businesses and these are great businesses. Interest has been wide ranged from financial investors to sovereign and pension funds. So we're targeting first round bids by the end of the second quarter and then go into the second round and then we're still targeting close sometime around the end of the year.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. And nothing that could move that forward or backward based on what you're seeing right now?
Trevor Mihalik: No, I think we've got a pretty formalized process that we're working through and we're still adhering to the schedule that we laid out.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, great. Thanks, Trevor.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, Jeff. Hey, Joe. Thank you for taking my question. Real quick, if you had to peg which moves forward first, is it Cameron expansion so 4 and 5. Is it the Cameron expansions so 4 and 5. Is it the first trains at Port Arthur or is it the small train at Costa Azul and if so what are the next key milestones we ought to watch for?
Jeff Martin: Thank you for that question, Michael, and I'll give some color commentary maybe Joe can add into it, but I think that the one that has the lead advantage currently is we currently have three Heads of agreement at ECA Phase 1 are fully contracted and all three of those are moving toward having SDAs in place. So just in terms of documentation that is further along in terms of being 100% contracted and moving toward more definitive agreement. I would also say that Cameron expansion is something we remain optimistic about. You recall that when Total stepped into RNG's position they made it very clear to their shareholders that one of the attractive aspects of being in the original Cameron partnership was they were committed and interested in seeing the expansion go forward which you may recall is something we were trying to do several years earlier. So, I think you've got line of sight to the three participants in the expansion and we continue to have a lot of positive work being done there to make sure that the underlying economic support that. And then obviously at Port Arthur, we've got 2 million tons per annum accounted for with our partner from Poland. We're continuing to have a lot of very positive conversations around Port Arthur and we think that is a remarkable site for a number of reasons. So I think in general, one of the things you'll recall that we did was we did a bottoms up strategic review of our LNG business over the last 12 months and came away with a view Michael that not only is it a core business to Sempra and Sempra can continue to add value in terms of balance sheet and expertise, we really raised our ambitions about what we thought we could accomplish. So we're actually feeling quite constructive on all three of those projects.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then a question on the settlement in Texas, any impact meaning the settlement regarding in for reading Sharyland, any impact of that settlement on the potential accretion dilution that you discussed when first announced?
Jeff Martin: I would say that we've gone back and revisited our underlying economics and we feel equally good about how we underwrote that transaction before maybe 30 or 40 days of slippage in and out of where we expect to close it, we feel great about the transaction frankly. The type of growth that we outlined at the Investor Conference, Michael you recall really had a lot to do with that Sempra in West Texas opportunity and the InfraREIT transaction actually lays into that growth probably even better than we originally thought when we underwrote the deal.
Michael Lapides: Got it, thank you, Jeff, much appreciated.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Next to go to Ryan Levine from Citi.
Ryan Levine: Hi, given the recent weakness in global LNG [indiscernible], do you anticipate any customers who elect not to nominate or with LNG and Cameron 1 after the commissioning phase is complete. Can you comment on the nomination process now that you're nearing first half?
Jeff Martin: I don't know if we'll go into kind of how we think about nominations Ryan but I think that we do take questions from time to time about whether we see the overall contract and model change and based upon our current conversations in the marketplace, Joe's been on the road, I'm on the road, Carlos Reese. We've got our entire management team been in over to make sure we're talking to the right folks. We still see this as a long-term contract in business and our goal is a first step as we move toward FID is making sure that we have high quality customers contracted for 20 years with very, very strong balance sheets. And remember we're really on the infrastructure side of business, right. So we want to play in exact same role or very similar to what we're doing in Cameron which is a telling model.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then on ECA with the non-FDA approval received, are there any remaining comments that the company still looking to procure?
Jeff Martin: Yes, you raised a great point, we've got the non-FDA approval to export from the United States to Mexico and then to also export from Mexico abroad as issued by the Department of Energy. We also in this year got our Port Arthur approval from FERC. I'll let Joe comment on what other permits we have in Mexico and whether is there any other we're still pursuing.
Joe Householder: Thanks, Joe. Hey, Ryan. Yes, really the major permit we got earlier about both the large scale and the mid scale site. And then as Jeff just mentioned the non-FDA, what we still need to get and we have applied for and we've done this before is we need our Mexican export permit. So that's underway. The other things are just small local permits around building the site but those come later in the process. But the only one that's more significant is this export from Mexico, we expect no problems with that.
Ryan Levine: Thank you.
Jeff Martin: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Our next question will come from Shah Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Constantine Lednev: Hi, good morning. It's actually Constantine here for Shah. A lot of the questions have been answered just a couple of kind of housekeeping items. So, on the LNG development projects, now that kind of permitting has been progressing. Can you talk about how you see kind of the ownership structure is going to be similar to Cameron where some of the off-takers might take an equity interest or just how to think about that going forward?
Jeff Martin: Thank you for that question. I think as we went through our strategic review or LNG business over the last six to eight months, we've also been looking as we move toward an FID decision at ECA Phase 1 later this year and hopefully an FID decision around Port Arthur in Q1 of next year. One of the things we're looking at is how we finance these projects and the potential impacts to our balance sheet. But John a great point, as you saw in the Cameron facility Phase 1 Joe articulated this earlier our three partners are each and just over 16% participation. We think it's a great model to align the interests of partners around these large capital projects. And to your point we expect that will be a model, you'll continue to see us replicate going forward. I would say if you went up to a million feet and looked across the portfolio over LNG projects, we'd like to be in that 60% to 70% range of equity ownership in our projects.
Constantine Lednev: Okay. So kind of thinking about it the same way as it's been, another just kind of small housekeeping item. You mentioned kind of the cost of capital application to equity ratio was going to kind of shore up the credit ratings but kind of both from your perspective and I guess what you can reflect from the CPUC, some of the downgrades have come not on the heels of just formulaic kind of metrics but also some of the regulatory and kind of legislative kind of structures around there. So how are you thinking about that kind of going towards credit metrics?
Jeff Martin: Well, I mean we have spent a lot of time with our credit rating agencies and obviously they're very focused on the process. We've described on this call around making sure that the legislative and regulatory model moves back to standard utility practice and procedure rights. You always expect to have your reasonable costs returned plus an additional return on what's on your investments. I think that's what broke as you recall with the misapplication of the inverse combination model is, there has been a leakage of utilities ability to recover all the costs that they've incurred. So I think it's really a multipart effort, you've got to get back to the right regulatory regime that allows for the type of funding mechanisms to meet the liquidity requirements, you've got to get a improvement to the regulatory model and you've got to make sure that your return on equity reflects the risk in the marketplace. Now oftentimes said that your return on equity is intended to be a proxy for the regulatory financial and operator risk that you see in the marketplace and that's why we filed our updated ROE requests as we have.
Constantine Lednev: Okay, so I guess it's fair to say that kind of progress on all fronts is what you're targeting in terms of second line?
Jeff Martin: That's right.
Constantine Lednev: Yes, that answers everything from me. Thanks.
Jeff Martin: Thanks.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session today. I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Martin for closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: I want to thank everyone for taking the time to join us on the call today. I would say as we've had conversations with our management team, we actually have a lot of exciting things that we're working on right now and look forward to seeing many of you on the road in the next couple of months and per custom. If you have any follow-up questions, feel free to contact Faisel and the IR team. Have a great day.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-26 12:00:00) =====
Faisel Khan: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra Energy’s Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. Here in San Diego are several members of our management team, including Jeff Martin, Chief Executive Officer; Joe Householder, President and Chief Operating Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dennis Arriola, Executive Vice President and Group President; Martha Wyrsch, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Peter Wall, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller. Before starting, I’d like to remind everyone that we’ll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company’s most recent 10-K filed with the SEC. It’s important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and that we’ll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call for reconciliation to GAAP measures. I’d also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, February 26, 2019, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot, Faisel. And thank you all for joining us today. 2018 was an exceptional year for Sempra both operationally and financially. It was also a transformative year marking our company's 20th anniversary and the continuation of our strategic mission to become North America's premier energy infrastructure company. As I mentioned at our Analyst Day last June, since our formation, we’ve proactively managed our business portfolio. Over the years this has greatly improved our earnings and cash flow visibility while bolstering a lower risk profile.  Importantly, our recent accomplishments have laid a solid foundation for us to build on and include completing the Oncor transaction, closing the sale of our US solar business, closing the sale of our natural gas storage assets, announcing the sale of our US wind business, announcing Oncor’s InfraREIT acquisition, announcing the sale of the South American businesses and making very important progress on our LNG projects, among other successes.  Over the last 12 months, we've accomplished a tremendous amount. The amounts of activity we've had is uncommon and even more uncommon are the results. I cannot be more proud of our team and what we've done to improve our portfolio. Notably, we expect our renewables and midstream divestitures to yield approximately $2.5 billion in proceeds. This is an excellent result and provides a valuable opportunity to pay down debt and redeploy capital to support our growth  I also want to highlight that this past year SDG&E received the prestigious Edison award from EEI for its efforts to enhance wildfire preparedness and grid resiliency. This award is presented to only one US investor-owned utility each year. At Cameron LNG we have entered the critical commissioning phase of construction and also have an excellent safety record with over 67 million hours worked without a lost time incident.  Additionally, we were recently added to the Dow Jones Utility Index, a strong testament to the continued focus on execution and commitment to delivering shareholder value.  Now, turning to our financial results, earlier this morning we reported full year 2018 adjusted earnings of $5.57 per share, one of the strongest years in our company's history. This puts us above the midpoint of our full year 2018 adjusted earnings guidance.  In addition, our Board approved a dividend increase of 8% for 2019. This marks the ninth consecutive year we've raised our dividend and represents 47% growth over the last five years. This is important for a number of reasons because it clearly demonstrates our commitment to a healthy dividend policy.  I'm also pleased to say that we’re affirming our full year 2019 adjusted earnings guidance of $5.70 to $6.30 per share. Trevor will review the key drivers influencing guidance later on the call.  I’d also like to spend a few minutes on California.  Earlier this month, we filed our Wildfire Mitigation Plan related to Senate Bill 901. This file is a continuation of our ongoing focus on safety, reliability and wildfire prevention that we’ve been implementing for over a decade. And during this time, we've invested about $1.5 billion in these efforts.  Regarding the State's efforts to reduce wildfire threats and their potential impacts, we are very encouraged by recent statements by the governor and as well as the formation of the Blue Ribbon Commission and the Governor Strike Team. There is widespread recognition among the Governor, Legislature, Utility Commission that the current liability rules for California utilities need to be fixed to support a long-term solution for the state and to allow it to meet the State’s energy policy goals.  To be clear, these goals cannot be that without strong financially healthy utilities that support the infrastructure investments needed to deliver cleaner and lower cost energy solutions. We anticipate solutions being brought forward will fall into three key categories.  First, help reduce the threat of wildfires across our State. Second protect the interests of our State’s rate payers. And third, provide a clear legislative pathway for timely and adequate cost recovery for prudent system operators. These potential outcomes will help create a longer-term sustainable framework for the State and its energy future.  Finally, I would be remiss if I didn’t take a moment to recognize Martha Wyrsch. Martha will be retiring at the beginning of the March. On behalf of everyone here at Sempra I wanted to thank Martha for her tremendous contributions to the company. We wish Martha and her family all the best in retirement.  Now, please turn to Slide 5, and I'll hand it over to Trevor.
Trevor Mihalik : Thanks, Jeff. As Jeff mentioned, we accomplished a lot in 2018 making great progress to refocus our efforts on the strategic mission to become North America's premier energy infrastructure company.  Additionally, with two months of 2019 behind us, we’ve already announced the completion of the evaluation of the South American businesses. Bank of America and Lazard will act as our financial advisors and will begin the sales process in March. We’ve also started implementing the next round of continuous cost improvement initiatives, which I'll touch on in a few minutes.  All of these developments demonstrate this management's theme to focus on execution and commitment to creating shareholder value. Please turn to the next slide. The decision to sell the South American businesses was not something we, nor our Board, took lightly. The six-month evaluation process was comprehensive. The primary criteria we looked at are laid out in the slide. Both businesses screened well in many areas but we concluded that they no longer remain a strategic fit for us.  As part of this evaluation we assessed the benefits and rationale for holding and growing or partnering and growing. However, we determined the sale of these businesses and redeployment of the proceeds into North American infrastructure should maximize value for our shareholders while giving us the opportunity to strengthen our balance sheet while paying down parent debt.  There is no doubt that the South American businesses are considered some of the most desirable companies in the region with strong company-specific and macro fundamentals. We certainly have received robust inquiry from global financial and strategic buyers ahead of our formal sales process commencing.  Although, we expect this transaction to be EPS dilutive, it could be value accretive, as we deploy the proceeds into North American T&D infrastructure and strengthen our balance sheet. Portfolio optimization is not something new to our company, and we've talked about this many times over the years. We have a long and successful track record of actively managing our portfolio, including exiting businesses that are either no longer consistent with our strategy, or provide greater long-term value through selling rather than holding. A great example of this is the sale of our US solar assets late last year.  The decision to sell the South American businesses is a continuation of this philosophy and demonstrates our commitment to maximizing value for our shareholders. We're targeting a transaction announcement in mid-2019 and closing the transaction by the end of this year. Please turn to Slide 7, where I'll review our efforts around cost improvement initiatives. At our Analyst Day in June last year, you'll recall that Jeff walked through the evolution of our business portfolio, illustrating how our management team is continuously reassessing our strategy and business platforms, and how they fit with changing market environments.  In direct alignment with this portfolio of review process, we're always refining and reevaluating our cost structure, in order to optimize the organization to effectively accomplish our strategic goals. Sempra has a history of being a prudent cost manager. We make thoughtful and deliberate efforts to reduce costs in ways that make our organization efficient, but also very effective. Our continuous cost improvement process is designed to yield long-term savings and instill a cost conscious culture across the organization. A great example of this is the $65 million of annual savings identified a few years ago at our California utilities that was incorporated into the 2019 GRC filings. These savings should benefit our customers, by allowing us to allocate these dollars to continued infrastructure investments in safety and reliability. Recently, we've initiated further efforts around continuous cost improvements, designed to right size our organization with our evolving business portfolio. The announced sale of our assets and other efficiencies will allow us to reduce our corporate costs. We expect these cost savings to ramp up to approximately $15 million annually on a pre-tax basis, over the next few years. Our management team is committed to reviewing our cost on a regular basis to ensure we run an organization as effectively and as efficiently as possible. Now please turn to Slide 8, where I'll hand the call off to Joe.
Joe Householder : Thanks, Trevor. First, I'd like to briefly touch on the IEnova in Mexico. Mexico is the world's 15th largest economy at over $1 trillion in GDP, with nearly 130 million people. The infrastructure needs of the country are expected to remain significant. For example, only 7% of the households have access to natural gas. And residential electricity demand is expected to double by 2040. For more than two decades IEnova has remained focused on developing energy infrastructure that promotes economic development in a sustainable and socially responsible way. IEnova is working with the private sector on additional opportunities that should benefit the country, such as, refined product terminals that should enhance Mexico's energy security and the reliability of transportation fuel supplies; renewable projects that should increase Mexico's clean energy supply and be a source of efficient, low-cost electricity, and the conversion of Energia Costa Azul project to an LNG export project that should bring additional regional investment, economic development and jobs. As IEnova mentioned on their call late last week, they’re proactively engaged in discussions with the current administration, related to natural gas transportation contracts that were awarded through public and international tender processes. IEnova has always had a very constructive relationship with the Mexican Government and its institutions. The company that is committed to being a responsible partner, IEnova looks forward to working collaboratively to advance the country's energy goals and build out the infrastructure needed to provide clean, safe, reliable and low cost energy. Please turn to the next slide. Moving onto Cameron. The onsite teams are relentlessly focused on moving through commissioning towards completion of Train 1. The contractor has made significant progress recently with the completion of the gas turbine testing, commissioning of the boil-off gas compressors, introduction of fuel gas into the system and completion of all three flares ignition testing. In the near term, the contractor expects to introduce speed gas sometime this quarter and it also expects to produce LNG stabilized production and complete performance testing in the second quarter. With that said, we expect to start receiving earnings by mid 2019. This first phase of construction, which includes Train 1 and the associated support systems, as well as the common infrastructure that will be used by all three Trains represents approximately 60% of the entire project. After many years of development and construction, all the employees involved, as well as the community are excited, that the facility will soon be up and running, further boosting the local economy, while also helping to meet global energy demand. As you may have heard on McDermott's call yesterday, the same teams are working hard toward completion of Trains 2 and 3. McDermott reported that Train 2 is targeted to be completed by the end of Q4 and Train 3 is targeted to be completed by the end of Q1 2020. This schedule is consistent with what was disclosed on their Q3 2018 call. Please turn to the next slide, where Trevor will review our financial results.
Trevor Mihalik : Thanks, Joe. Earlier this morning we reported fourth quarter GAAP earnings of $864 million or $3.03 per share. On an adjusted basis, fourth quarter earnings were $431 million or $1.56 per share. Full year 2018 GAAP earnings were $924 million or $3.42 per share. This compares to 2017 GAAP earnings of $256 million or $1.01 per share. On an adjusted basis, full year 2018 earnings were $1,503 million or $5.57 per share. This compares favorably to our 2017 adjusted earnings of $1,368 million or $5.42 per share. Please turn to Slide 11, where I'll discuss the key drivers impacting our full year 2018 results. The year-over-year increase in full year adjusted earnings was driven primarily by higher operational earnings in 2018, including $371 million of earnings at the Sempra Texas Utility segment, resulting from the acquisition of our interest in Oncor in March of 2018. $65 million of higher earnings at SDG&E, primarily due to electric transmission operations, $25 million of higher earnings at Sempra Mexico, mainly driven by higher pipeline operational earnings, and $16 million of higher earnings at SoCalGas, due to higher PSEP earnings. This was partially offset by $310 million of higher costs related to increased interest expense and preferred stock dividends at the parent, which includes the impact of our Oncor acquisition financing. And $21 million unfavorable impact from the foreign currency and inflation effects, net of foreign currency hedges in Mexico. Please turn to the next slide. Several significant business developments since our last Analyst conference, we thought it would be helpful to provide a brief walk through of the key items related to our affirmation of our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance. First, we removed the earnings associated with the US renewables and nonutility natural gas storage assets, subsequent to their respective sale close dates. Second, we added partial year earnings from Oncor's planned acquisition of InfraREIT and our planned acquisition of a 50% equity interest in Sharyland. And third, we added the positive impacts from using the expected $2.5 billion of proceeds from the sale of solar, wind and natural gas storage. When taking these items into account, we are affirming our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance range of $5.70 to $6.30 that was presented at the Analyst Conference last year. This is a strong outcome, given the significant activity within our business portfolio. Please turn to Slide 13. As we turn our attention to the rest of 2019, we'll continue to focus on the positive momentum we've developed over the past year. We've identified several goals to progress on our strategic mission to become North America's premier energy infrastructure company. They include among others, continuing to focus every day on public and employee safety as a cultural imperative, optimizing and completing the remaining asset divestitures, optimizing cost structures, improving the franchise value of our LNG business by progressing on our five development projects, completing Oncor's InfraREIT acquisition and executing on their growth initiatives in Texas, and advancing our 2019 General Rate Case and cost of capital filings at the California utilities among others. Please turn to the next slide. As I stated at the beginning of my comments, we are very proud of the great strides we've made in the many accomplishments in 2018. We delivered strong financial results and our company is aligned for the future. We look forward to continuing this progress and feel prepared to meet the challenges and capture strategic opportunities that lie ahead. Looking to next month, we are excited to host many of you in San Diego for our analyst conference. We will cover several topics including detailed segment guidance for 2019 and 2020, the five year capital plan and rate base growth for our three US utilities, our growth outlook in Mexico and an update on the progress of our approximately 45 Mtpa of LNG development opportunities. We'll also be hosting a tour of our industry leading weather center at SDG&E and highlighting some of the innovative technologies around safety, reliability and resiliency that we've deployed on our systems. With that, we'll conclude the prepared comments and start to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We will take our question from Greg Gordon. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Greg Gordon : A couple of questions. Great year. I'm just wondering if you can go into a little bit more detail on how you were able to exceed the high end of the guidance range of the utilities for fiscal year '18? And how do we think about how that sets the stage for going forward?
Jeff Martin: Greg. Thank you for the question and thanks for joining the call. I think for those of you have followed our company for a long period of time, certainly SoCalGas and the SDG&E are kind of the clear drivers underpinning our financial performance. I think you can see that year-over-year there was a lot of growth, particularly at SDG&E, and one of the slides kind of points out some of that oversize growth particularly around the FERC business, which is really a function of increased capital investments in and around our high voltage system and our substations, as well as a periodic for true-up which occurs, which was also helped to last year's results. I'd just like to ask, Trevor, if you like to add any other content around SoCalGas or SDG&E?
Trevor Mihalik : Yes. No, thanks, Jeff. I think also one of the things that the utilities are focused on are cost savings and certainly driving cost efficiencies in their businesses. But again, I think it's really just great operational results that have driven these earnings.
Greg Gordon : Great. And I know there's been -- there has been and will probably continue to be a lot of volatility around the peso, and I think the assumption you are using is your baseline is a bit higher than where the peso is today. So how should we think about how that sort of friction inside the guidance range?
Trevor Mihalik : Yes. I think what I would do is refer you to the rule of thumb that we have in the appendix of the deck, and it shows kind of where we are assuming the peso will go by the end of the year and then it has that plus or minus 5%. I think if you look at that, given where the peso was last year and how we absorbed the peso strengthening in our earnings and we're still well within our guidance, I would just kind of direct you to that and I think there's enough other things that we're working on that could offset a strengthening peso.
Greg Gordon : Okay. I mean just to keep it high levels, if I start at the midpoint, that should and then flex from their I'd be -- as we go through the year looking at a reasonable approximation of how the peso is affecting your outcomes?
Jeff Martin: I would just say I think that's the right approach. But I think as we've seen in the past Greg, the peso will continue to demonstrate some volatility. I think our goal is to make sure that when we put earnings out there and guidance that we can deliver that. I think the point Trevor was making is we've got enough levers in our portfolio that we will adequately follow the pace up. I think that we feel good -- very good about our 2019 range.
Greg Gordon : Okay. Final question from me. Despite the progress that you've demonstrated at Cameron, there is still this lingering fear out there in the Ether that that somehow this project is either still going to come on late, even though we're toward the back-end of the construction process, or that there is some way that there is incremental financial remuneration that you may have to give to the joint venture constructing the project to get this thing done. When do we pass the point of no return where those lingering fears that sort of definitively behind us from your perspective?
Jeff Martin: Greg, I think it's a great question. I can assure you that we remain concerned. I think that's how you manage because projects has be on top of these types of things. I would comment that Joe has done a remarkable job with his team, and worked with our partners on the Cameron build out. Also I think if you listen McDermott's call yesterday, they have been quite clear. But what they believe they can deliver and we will remain active with our partners and managing that relationship against the commissioning timeline. Joe could you provide some additional color on your conversations with David and how you're approaching it?
Joe Householder: Thanks, Jeff. I think you'd handled that well. But Greg, look together at Sempra and our partners and our customers we're very excited about the impending start-up at Cameron. And we're all focused on finishing the commissioning of Train 1 and continuing to work on Train 2 and 3. And I talked to David quite often and Jeff just mentioned, he was very strong about his desire to complete this world-class facility and their stocks doing very well today. And we're working hard toward continuing to push forward.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe.
Steve Fleishman : Great. So just Jeff question on California. So obviously, you've done a good job making -- avoiding fires, invested a lot for your system, but there's still, I think a lot of outside concerned of just as California done enough to limit risk for the companies and credit agencies putting pressure on you too. So I'm just kind of curious what you -- from your standpoint as someone who is not had a fire recently, just what you really want the state to do to help address this concern? What are you advocating for?
Jeff Martin: Okay. Well, I appreciate you making the comment that we haven't had a fire for a while, it's been since 2007, and I think if there has been anything that's allowed us to create kind of a competitive advantage to protect our rate payers it's experience we went through in 2007, and how hard we've worked to basically build a system. I think that provides a lot of leadership on behalf of our customers, but I talked about this a little bit Steve in my prepared remarks. But here some additional color. I think that we've been in close contact, as you would expect with all the key stakeholders. In fact, we are hosting a lot of key stakeholders from across the state, including members of the Governor staff, here in our building tomorrow, to continue to advance what we think the appropriate actions are. And I would also complement the Governor, I think he's walked into a tough situation with strikes in the LA Unified School District and obviously a lot of the legacy issues in and around the fire areas. And he has pushed forward the Blue Ribbon panel. He's pushed forward to strike force, there's a lot of conversation from the Governor’s Office about trying to deliver results from both of those organizations, earlier in the legislative process rather than later. On the specifics of what needs to happen, I'm going to be very clear from Sempra's perspective, we do not think a strict liability standard is the appropriate standard for investor-owned utilities. But probably what's most important in our advocacy is to make sure that we always frame our discussions around what's best for ratepayers. I mean, that really is the fundamental issue in our service model and secondly that whatever the outcomes are, either from a regulatory path or a legislative path, there is a very clear and defined pathway for timely and adequate cost recovery for utilities that operates our system prudently. We filed our wildfire mitigation plan earlier this year. It is really kind of a 4 point plan that really focuses, number one, on fire hardening. Number two on vegetation management. I think we have a world-class vegetation management program and our filing attempts to double the frequency, which we term our trees in our service territory. We're going to add to our aerial assets I think we've led the nation in terms of the type of helicopter support, we've had on station and if someone used to fly helicopters, the Utopian goal is to have a 24 hour capability and part of our filing gives us the ability to operate at night time, which will be another competitive advantage, as you try to fight buyers at one starts. And then lastly, the fourth part of that plan is we are going to double down our weather stations. I think we unified over 60 different weather stations that we're trying to enhance, so that not only -- so we can really extend our fire science advantage in terms of how we predict whether. But bottom line is, I think there's a lot of different ways to come at this. I'm pleased with the leadership is being shown from the Governor’s Office. And I think that the whole goal here is to create a more sustainable and a more fair framework for everyone that's involved in the system.
Steve Fleishman : Okay. That's very helpful. One other question, just on the Mexico. The news from two weeks ago on what the government might want to do with the force majeure situation. Was there any better clarity just on that specific issue or is it still added more of a high-level right now?
Jeff Martin: Yes, let me make a couple of comments here. I'll pass it to Joe for some details around the actions relative to that pipeline. I think it might be helpful too for Dennis to talk about what the United States government is doing to support the key nature of Mexico as a partner, particularly around natural gas. But what I'll try to do Steve is remind people that we've been invested in Mexico for over 20 years. We're not a company that began invested in projects a year ago or two years ago. We have the leading Mexican energy company in the country. We're ranked in the top 50 on the Bolsa, obviously as you know it's headquartered in Mexico, we've got independent Mexican directors and its self-funded from local markets. And one of the things that we're trying to do is we have a long-term view about the opportunity around infrastructure in that country, and we believe that the infrastructure opportunity remains quite large Steve, and as the government continues to focus on expanding services to all the people of Mexico, their reliance on foreign direct investment will go up, it will not go down. And I think our value proposition, every time we are in front of stakeholders in Mexico is to really emphasize our role in bringing new and cleaner sources of energy to the country to help support the economy and give choice and lower cost energy to Mexican families. But on the specific issue of the pipeline, Joe in kind of steps that Carlos and Tania are taking. Do you want to provide additional color?
Joe Householder: Thanks, Jeff. Hi, Steve. You mentioned a lot of the things that I wanted to mention that we are very focused on providing low cost energy into Mexico, and one of the things that you know Steve is really helpful is the feedstock of natural gas into the electricity market. And so obvious pipeline infrastructure is being built around that. The situation with the seven pipelines that they referred to the other day, was they were, as you mentioned in force majeure for various reasons. We are involved in two of those. In the Sonora pipeline, as you recall, we had that pipeline in operation, it was already earning revenues. So it's a little bit unlike all the other six which our pipelines haven't gone into service. In this case, it wasn't service and then there were sabotage and it was damaged, and we had to take it out of service, and we've been working with CFE. The administration is very focused on making sure that it's getting good value for money than spending. So it's actually an opportune time and Carlos and Tania have been in meeting with CFE, so a little bit unlike some other things that have been out in the press. We have been a first mover here to go in and meet with various members of various parts of the administration, have meetings with CFE and Tania is now -- she is the CEO. She is in charge of meeting with CFE to move this along, I think it gives us a great opportunity actually to get this pipeline fixed. If they could work with us, if the government can work with us to work with the local people that were involved in this, I think within weeks we could have that pipeline fixed and bringing cheap low cost gas into Mexico and I think that will resolve that problem. The other one that we're involved in is the marine pipeline that TransCanada and we are building, and that one's ready to go into service soon. We're just working on tying in. The thing is substantially done, but the offshore pipeline needs to get tied into the onshore pipeline and they are working on that now. There is some weather challenges, which means wave action that's keeping them from having the vessels tie up these things, but we're working on that should be done pretty soon. So that will also solve that second one.
Dennis Arriola : Steve, this is Dennis. The other thing I'd add to Jeff and Steve's comments. First on the Sonora pipeline, I think it's important to remember that the auction process there was a competitive process that was run by CFE. The terms and conditions were dictated by CFE. And I think that was one of the things that our team in Mexico may refer to reiterate to the new CFE Director and to the President's administration that this was basically a very transparent and fair process. The other thing that I had mentioned to you is what we're doing in order to collaborate and support our people in Mexico. We've obviously continued to maintain close contact with the State Department, the Department of Energy, the Embassy folks in Mexico City to remind them not only of Sempra's investment in IEnova, but the importance of what this means to the United States. Remember that Mexico is the largest natural gas trading partner for the United States, and we have a trade surplus from an energy standpoint with Mexico. So making sure that we maintain fair and transparent rules in Mexico for the investments that we have there which are badly needed in the future, not only is good for Mexico, but it serves the interest of the United States and I can tell you that folks in Washington DC are supported by watching this closely.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd : I wondered if you could just talk a little bit more about your dialog with the rating agencies with respect to risk mitigation in California, as Steve actually mentioned, I mean you have a very strong operational track record, you're a clearly leader in fire risk mitigation. A lot more of your system is underground than other utilities. Is that being recognized, are there real tangible steps in progress that you need to make to avoid ratings downgrades? Could you just give a little more color on that dialog? Please.
Jeff Martin: I appreciate the question, Steve, and I think the answer -- in the short-form is, yes. I think, if you think about all the strategic initiatives we have a company of undertaken in the last two years, we have had very, very close contact with the rating agencies, because we've made it a priority to make sure we maintain an investment grade plus balance sheet and your point of differentiation is important and it does resonate with all three agencies. We have the best safety program. I mean, number one in the country and deserves a higher, not a lower credit rating. We make that point consistently. We have been aggressive about de-risking our service territory and de-risking our overall business model at Sempra and that's one of the reasons, you've seen the agencies move down their target FFO to debt metrics based upon our continued focus on T&D type of investments. Second, I think there is momentum, Stephen, in the state to correct the market. I made this comment earlier in my remarks and to insure ratepayers are protected, and if there are cost to be absorbed that there's timely recovery for those folks. I guess SDG&E, they are prudently managing their system. So I think the agencies are in a tough spot, right. I think this is largely been a rerating of the state, more so than individual companies, but it's our job to be in front of them, making sure that they understand that there is true differentiation and separate apart from how the rules change or how the laws change, the number one thing to do is to be a leader around how you run your system, when you cut your system off, how predictive you're about whether that impacts your system, and our goal and I think you can see this in our wildfire mitigation plans to take the current leadership we have an extend it based on the investments we're making. But I would say with respect SDG&E, independent of what actions the agencies taken, I think we're are going be quite aggressive in terms of defending our franchise. We have also taken steps to make sure we have ample liquidity at SDG&E.
Stephen Byrd : Well, that's super helpful color. That actually that last part Jeff does touch on -- and a question we get often from investors just in the event that for any number of reasons the rating agencies do choose to downgrade, not just you but potentially other utilities in the state further. Obviously that's not good for customers in the sense of the cost of capital obviously goes up, cost of financing in the long run. But in the short run I guess the perspective is you do have quite a bit of liquidity, you are not facing fire liabilities, you haven't had a fire in 12 years. Could you maybe give a little more color just on sort of the short-term protections you have, liquidity et cetera you have just to sort of lay those near-term concerns?
Jeff Martin: Yes, I'll have Trevor go ahead and talk through where we're at with our credit lines with SoCalGas and SDG&E and our ability to flex those lines.
Trevor Mihalik : Yes, Steve. So we have a fairly large credit line at both utilities that we can draw down, and those are largely undrawn at the current time. And then we also have the ability to continue to issue secured bonds if needed, albeit at higher rates. But again, I think, our view on this is, we're continuing to defend the fact that we are differentiated in California. We had the rating agencies out, to come take a look at our fire mitigation plans and they recognize that we are differentiated. But again, from our perspective, the credit lines are $750 million at each of the utilities.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Good. Thank you very much. So I want to pick up where a couple of last questions are left off. First going back to the California policies, more broadly, I'd be curious if you could expand a little bit on the current state of legislative affairs and specifically comment a little bit around the funding or the prefunding potential here for the various IOUs. How do you guys think about that versus other solutions on the table. I know it's early days, we've got some draft legislation out there, but it seems to be going in a certain direction. I'm curious if you think that's really where it's going or if there's any other twist that we should be looking at more conceptually, not in terms of hard details here?
Jeff Martin: I'll make some comments Julien and then I'll pass it to Dennis to fill in a couple more details. But now I think at a high level what I'm impressed by is that SB-901 call for this Blue Ribbon panel to be seeded. I think they've got a diverse group of folks that have their head down are working away on that initiative, that report out to the legislature is required by July 1, is my expectation based upon feedback that we've received. That they should be able to finish that work earlier, which I think would be helpful from the legislative process. The strike team that Governor's put together was intentionally designed, to bring in independent financial advisors, law firms, people that specialize really in issues around credit. So one of the things that we want to be very proactive is that people really understand the power of the fixed income markets and the importance of the credit ratings across this industry. The bottom line is, we believe, and I think the Governor shares our view based on conversations I've had, that the utilities this state deserve and need to have an A rated balance sheet. And that is the goal of the process that we're undertaking. So, there's a lot more work to be done. We're going to have a seat at the table. I think we're going to have an aggressive outreach. I've been personally involved to make sure that Sempra has a seat at the table to improve the overall risk-reward profile of both SoCalGas and SDG&E. So the process that the state is undergoing should be an opportunity for Sempra to have a seat at the table and by the end of the year have improved the franchise value of both of our utilities. I'll stop and see if Dennis wants to add any color.
Dennis Arriola : No, I think, you hit on all the points, Jeff. The only thing I'd mention is, recall that the strike team that the governor is setup has various representatives whether it's chief or staff, people from the finance industry, the legal industry, folks from insurance. So I think it's multifaceted there are a lot of perspectives that are going to be presented in the roadmap and the recommendations to the Blue Ribbon commission, and then their job is going to be really to refine the plan to look at the recommendations of pros and cons of risks and how you can make sure that you can navigate through this process and make those recommendations to the governor and to the legislature by the end of June.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Got it. Excellent. Then just quickly following up on some of the questions on '19 guidance specifically. First off, I know you guys talked about the $50 million pre-tax cost savings effort. Didn't see that specifically called out here. So just wanted to make sure, just from a timing perspective, how you see that ramping up, as you say over the next few years, but more specifically here? And then also with respect to the California GRC here, you mentioned the assumptions on attrition, certainly there is some early data points, shall we say, how does that figure into the plus-minus math that you show here on the right hand side of slide 12?
Jeff Martin: Let me take a stab at that and if we see it needs more detail, I'll have Trevor jump on it. But I think we've circled to $50 million opportunity, around our corporate center. And we know exactly where those dollars are coming from. We expect to have full run rate of that $50 million, Julien, by the end of the year. This isn't a one-time event. I think you've heard us talk about this before good companies are always pursuing these type of cost savings, and that's why going back to some of Trevor's prepared remarks, we ran a program like this that our operating companies that in general, just over $65 million of savings at SDG&E and SoCalGas, and those dollars are currently in the rate case and this $50 million is incremental to that. But from time-to-time, we'll take questions on our former ones and so forth, and I was looking at some data recently where, as an example, Julien since 2013 just over five years ago SDG&E electric O&M per customer has decreased by 40%. So we've been able to reduce cost on per customer basis by 12% CAGR for five straight years, and that includes drop in 500 positions in terms of headcount. So we probably in terms of the total O&M and SDG&E, there's probably about 20% that can be directly impacted outside of other required spending. They've done a remarkable job today and that's the type of cost efficiency that was put into our rate case. The second thing I'll say is, what we've tried to do at the parent company is, as we sell our solar business and our wind business and our natural gas storage business, a lot of these cost savings are costs we can realign more efficiently, increasing span of control of officers and leaders, so that we can have a lower cost platform at the parent company, as we sell and become more focused in our strategy. And then as to your issues around the 2019 guidance, always remind you that we basically took a $100 million out of earnings, right. So, at the Analyst Conference we forecasted 2019 without any -- without taking out solar and renewables out of that forecast, so, in July of last year we -- we forecasted $5.70 to $6.30 of EPS. And today, that's our exact same guidance after taking $100 billion of earnings out of it, for our renewable portfolio and the way you do that is to use the proceeds to pay down parent debt. You reinvest in capital programs. You go to the investment in Texas within InfraREIT and you continue to find cost savings. And I will tell you I expect a $50 million number to go up by the end of the year because we're going to keep going in terms of making our parent company more efficient.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : And GRC assumptions, nothing to say -- right, nothing to add right now?
Jeff Martin: Yes. I just say on the GRC assumptions, our convention over the last decade has been to always forecast the existing attrition of 3.5%. We've done that at both of our utilities and I think the filings that you can see from ORA and others, you can kind of draw your own conclusions in many cases, they are actually higher than that. But we're not going to guide or change that until we get to this rate case. We are focused on making sure we have a good cost of capital filing by April 1st, and we're pushing very aggressively to make sure that we can improve the timings of our rate case decision.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Shah Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners.
Constantine Lednev : Hey. It's actually Constantine here for Shahriar. A lot of great questions were answered. And congrats on a strong quarter and a great year. One, kind of short little follow-up on the cost of capital filing. So, any thoughts around, kind of how you're thinking about it, at this point. There has been some kind of early remarks with kind of the FERC ROE is done and all that, but in light of kind of some of the more recent events, kind of, what are your thoughts around cost of capital in California?
Jeff Martin: I'll give you some thoughts and pass it to Trevor. But I would just say this, as you know, at a high level, the cost of capital is always intended to be a proxy of the risk associated with our environment right in our regulatory environment. So, there is no question, given the recent developments, particularly the northern part of the state that you should expect to see PG&E and Edison and SDG&E and SoCalGas revisit how that happens. Right. So you're right, there are some numbers out there for the first standpoint, but we're going to make sure that we're very thoughtful of bringing some independent resources and we're going to put forward something that we think is better reflective of the risk in the marketplace. And if some of that risk is resolved that likewise would impact how we would file this. But Trevor, would you add any color.
Trevor Mihalik : No, I think, Jeff, you really covered it there again. As Jeff said it's supposed to be a proxy on risk and I think we feel pretty good about where we landed on FERC, but we certainly anticipate that cost capital filing should reflect the risk that we're seeing in the state.
Jeff Martin: And I would add that Bruce Folkmann is our CFO at both of our utilities. He is a very talented person and he really led the last cost of capital discussion, I think on behalf of all three utilities. He has a team in place with outside consultants and they'll be putting together a very thoughtful plan about how they approach this. And I think that you're raising a great point. And this is something that we're very focused on. We're going to try to basically improve the regulatory model this year. We're going to get a great rate case and we are going to get a cost of capital that's appropriately sized for the type of risk that we expect to manage in the state.
Constantine Lednev : Perfect. Thanks. And one kind of just detailed question, housekeeping on the cost savings program that's being implemented. And you've kind of called out the $50 million in the run rate in the next few -- in the following few years. Is there any detail of how to think about the overall kind of costs at the parent and kind of where that $50 million is coming from and where kind of any incremental opportunities lie?
Jeff Martin: Yes. I would just say that the best way to think about this is probably the most common misunderstanding Constantine. We have an ongoing cost management program every year in the history of the company. So SDG&E will have stretch goals, and one of the ways they reach their stretch goals like you saw the great performance last year and Trevor talked about it is, continuing to have best practices around technology and innovation and cost efficiency. So every single operating company at Sempra is very, very focused on leveraging technology and innovation to lower their per unit cost for customers. What was unique about what the exercise we went through under Martha Wyrsch and Dennis' leadership in the last six months was, we really revisited opportunities at the parent company, because as you sell and dispose some assets and turn your portfolio over, it gave us the opportunity to challenge, what is the proper role of External Affairs and Investor Relations and Financial Reporting. And you have people at corporate that were directly servicing the solar business or the wind business or natural gas storage. So most of the cost opportunity has been around looking at costs associated with the businesses that we're selling and now as you know, last month we took the decision to sell our South American utilities. That represents another opportunity for us to become more cost efficient at the parent. So the long-term goal is you got to remember, we're going to grow this business at a rate faster than our peers. And as we grow this business, one of the things we're going to try to do is keep the cost at parent, the ones that we control. I'm not talking about interest expense and preferred dividends and so forth.I'm talking about the things that we can normally control. Our job is to keep it flat to declining at the same time that we're scaling the corporate center against a growing set of operating companies.
Constantine Lednev : Okay. So it's fair to kind of assume that as these transactions close, and as you go through the transformation process, and the savings programs are going to continue further into more than just the 2019 here?
Jeff Martin: That's well said, and part of that is because, we will have ongoing service obligations for short periods of time on the assets that we sold, and part of what you're looking at is those service obligations rolling off throughout the year.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides : Good morning, Jeff. Two questions, kind of unrelated to each other. First of all the California cost of capital docket. Given what's happened to your neighbor to the North and just how the California utilities have traded? It seems a little bit unusual to meet even half (ph) the stock, I mean how do you calculate the cost to equity for one of the three companies in the state? Just curious if there's potential to kind of push this out to come back and revisit this at -- in another year, at another time or whether the commissioners and the state as a whole is kind of driving to make sure this happens in 2019?
Jeff Martin: Well, it's actually a very insightful question. If you think back to the California utilities track record around cost of capital, you have seen the cost of capital extended for one or two or three years at a time, and you've seen the utilities get engaged from time to time when you see large changes in the marketplace. What intrigues me a little bit Michael is that, there has been a strong voice coming from the credit rating agencies about rerating the state. Right? There's obviously been a very unfortunate bankruptcy in the casualties to the north, obviously this has implications to Edison as it does to SoCalGas and SDG&E. And part of the process, I think is going on, as you have a change in the governor, you got to change in a lot of the members of his administration, even some of the energy principles or change in off of Governor Brown staff. So basically have a new guard in Sacramento, to have some strong voices coming from the credit markets and have the chance to come back in on a timely basis and really lay down some numbers that really point to the cost of not properly managing risk. These costs inadvertently get passed on to ratepayers. So there is really a hue and cry to fix the market, and I actually think this cost of capital process may be additive to that voice and constructive in long-term toward getting the action.
Michael Lapides : Got it. And then unrelated question. Just curious, there have been a number of LNG projects in the US and in North America, including Canada. If their environmental impact statements are FERC certificates and just curious how the LNG contracting environment has changed over the last 6 to 12 months and how the economics for new LNG for projects like Port Arthur even ones like Costa Azul or the Cameron expansion look now relative to how they may have looked a year or two years ago?
Jeff Martin: Great question. I think you recall that we were similar to our new management team last summer. We took the time Michael to do a bottoms-up view of what we thought was taken place in the global marketplace, and that we had a better feel for that. We looked at our own team, our own capabilities and you saw us raise our expectations for what we could accomplish Michael, as well as make some change in terms of how we were leading that organization. I would tell you today that I'm probably more bullish than I was three or four months ago. I mean I think Joe and I are on the road starting this weekend, going overseas to meet with potential offtakers. But to your point, you recall that Cameron was originally constructed really as a tolling agreement, no different you think about as a power plant. Right? You're short gas on one side of the plant and your long LNG on the other, and we structured that really as a tolling situation where Sempra was not really involved in the downstream risk the upstream risk related to that facility. One of the things is taking place in the marketplace is the number and type of counter parties has expanded to folks like the oil and gas company in Poland, is they now expect somewhat at the terminal to go upstream and source the gas, and frankly as long as we can do that some form of index, where we're not taking the commodity risk. We're certainly a business is quite comfortable with transportation. So you've seen the model change a little bit where you're moving probably from a pure Toll model toward being able to provide the service of bringing the gas to one side, whereas they take all responsibility for the gas on other. And look, a competitive market always puts pressure on the cost side of it, but one of the things I think that I would mention to you is, we have a competitive advantage, and our competitive advantage is, that two of our three sites are brownfield sites, number one. And number two, the fact that we have one on the West Coast of North America is a huge advantage. And you should be expecting us to push that aggressively in all of our marketing meetings, but I'll just stop there, Joe and see if you will add anything to the contract environment.
Joe Householder: The only thing I would say in addition, one thing I want to start with is we're going to spend a bunch of time on this at our analyst conference, which is coming up in a few weeks. So I won't go into too much detail but, we are very focused. The world has changed a little bit and you're right, we are starting to see a lot of action at FERC and our project at Port Arthur is moving through that queue, it's very close in the queue now. So it's moving right ahead. And so the contracting is indeed important and we have seen a change. There was a law for a while, now we're starting to see that really come together. As Jeff said, we got airline tickets we're -- we're heading out, and so that shows a good sign. We will talk more about this at the conference, but we are absolutely right. We're starting to see quite a change and we're going to see more and more projects go to FID.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson : Just want to touch base with you on the wildfire, the prudency standard that you guys are looking for at the CPUC. And I was wondering in-light of sort of the recent activity, obviously the bankruptcy at PG&E and stuff. Are you sensing more traction with respect to having the prudency standard of -- you know to be substantially -- substantial compliance with the wildfire plan or how are you looking at that, it sounds like you and Edison sort of have been proposing that in this OIR?
Jeff Martin: What I would say, Paul, is that one of the things that makes the overall conversation quite complex is that there is a basket of legacy fires, some of which were in '17 prelegislation and some of which were in '18 during a gap, because the legislation was effective until the first of the year. From a big picture standpoint I think Sempra has been very much in the position that PG&E has been in for a long period of time, which we don't think is a strict liability standards, the appropriate standard for investor-owned utilities. Right? It was intended for a different set of circumstances. I think it's very unfortunate, that we moved decisions we got at the PUC. I think that really has been the catalyst for the possibility of there being uncovered or stranded cost actually borne by shareholders. And that's led to the situation we're in now. So, I think the challenge you have Paul is that the legislators put a lot of time in SB 901 last year, and they thought that they had put the appropriate band-aid on the issue, and like what we're really asking for is, I think the whole process as we looked at de novo with a fresh view. I'm really encouraged. I think the strike force specifically and the Blue Ribbon panel is not just taking the fact as they are today, Paul. I'm really looking at this thing holistically, around all the things that Dennis talked about, the insurance industry, what does this mean to tort claims. What does this mean to the legal industry and the impacts of the utility. So, I don't want to make this sound like this is a small change to legislation. We have a goal of making sure that we have the chance to operate our system prudently. Make prudent capital investments, and as fires occur from time to time, were substantially in compliance with the program as they approved by the commission, there should be automatic pass-through of costs. It's not a discretionary standard.
Paul Patterson : Yes. I think that sounds great. It would seem to me that regardless of what happens with strict liability or what have you, if that standard is adopted, I mean, obviously there's a lot more that you want to accomplish for a lot of reasons, repair costs to be -- not the least of which but, that would be, I mean this one issue, if you could get that resolved. It would seem to me that would go a long way. Do you follow what I'm saying and that might be one way of sort of -- I mean, I know it's not silver bullet, but it would be something that would seem to go a long way in solving a lot of this without necessarily relying on the holistic thing to be completely sewn-up. Do you follow what I'm saying?
Jeff Martin: I do Paul and I think first off, I think you're spot on. But the only caveat I'd offer to you is, where you start your focus has a direct impact of what you end up resolving. And I think that we need to be very clear that's a strict liability standard is the wrong standard. At the end of the day you may have the practical solution, it may be less relevant is where that standard goes away, or whether that standard is interpreted by rule making that allows for the automatic pass-through for people that operate your system prudently. So I think you're on to something. What I am encouraged by is, the leadership the Governor is showing the way that he has staffed in saying and asked them to move more quickly and he's asked for them to look at it holistically, with a fresh view de novo. Right. So again I can't forecast the future, except to say that I think a lot of the right activities are under way and we are optimistic.
Paul Patterson : Okay. And then just finally the McDermott call, the discussion of Chiyoda came up, and I'm just wondering, we couldn't really obviously and I'm not asking you to comment on the Chiyoda situation, but they themselves as you know, said -- raised ongoing -- as a ongoing concern question, could you just remind us what kind of contingencies we have, if in fact Chiyoda isn't able to meet its obligations?
Jeff Martin: I will start and I'll see if Joe wants to add some color, but I think in our remarks, what you've heard is, that the partnership has been very engaged with the EPC contractors, and particularly McDermott has been very clear about what their expectations are for delivering the project. And obviously those two parties are jointly and separately liable for their obligations under that contract, and it's a full EPC wrap contract, right. So those obligations reside with the EPC. But I got to tell you we have had great conversations with David Dixon. I think he has looked at this with clear eyes. He understands the challenges, and we have confidence and the ability to deliver it. But, Joe if you want to comment further on some of the details around those two parties.
Joe Householder: Thanks, Jeff. I think you really hit the main points. Great EPC contract, joint and separate liability, also, as we said a few times in the past, we do have letters of credit backstopping this, in typical amounts that you would see in a contract of this nature. And so those are the kinds of things. We always have to plan for any risk and so we have a lot of work around all of this with our partners, but we feel really confident, David's, very confident that is going to focus and get this project done. And I believe he is focused on it.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our last question from Winfried Fruehauf of Winfried Fruehauf Consulting.
Winfried Fruehauf : I have a question about PG&E, and is a two part question. One is, what lessons has Sempra learned from the bankruptcy filing, or yes, that's the first question. The second question is, are there any opportunities for asset purchases from PG&E by Sempra?
Jeff Martin: Well, thank you for that question. I'll start with the second part of the question first and I'll circle back the lessons learned. I think you recall you followed us for a long time, Winfried that, we don't typically comment on any type of M&A activity. As we've had discussions on our management team, our slate of organic spending in our core businesses here in North America over the next two years, is quite significant. One of the things you should expect for our management team is to have our head down and make sure we execute well our financial plans for 2019 and 2020. On the larger issue of lessons learned, it's quite interesting, we learned a lot Winfried from our 2007 wildfire, we viewed it like an existential threat 10 years ago, and it really has informed our view that we have to get better and we have to provide leadership, we have to be innovative and everything we do is open source. I mean, all the progress we've made, we're more than willing to share with others. But I will give you one discrete thing from the bankruptcy that we find interesting is, you'll see a lot of numbers out there about the potential costs that are contingent liabilities related to the renewable contracting. And you'll hear -- numbers above $30 billion being forecasted in large portions of that be an out of market cost. It goes back to over the last four or five years, the deep strategic process that our Board has led, we made the decision, number one, that we wanted to exit fossil fired generation. We've made the decision to exit renewable generation. We do not get involved in lifting natural gas or oil or field processing. So we've moved further and further away from generation and commodity and procurement, and as early as 2014 myself and Steve and Davis at SDG&E decided to stop all of our renewable purchases at SDG&E because we're well ahead of the game at that time. So I think the lesson that points to here is, it's very important to make sure we're doing all the right things to advance the clean energy transition, but it's also important that we're doing that in a way which is thoughtful around price, diversity of supply in a balanced energy program. And I think that what you see at PG&E continues to confirm Sempra's business model, number one of focus in on T&D and the prudency I think that we've shown around a balanced energy approach to the commodity side of the business.
Winfried Fruehauf : That's very helpful. Thanks very much, Jeffrey.
Jeff Martin: I appreciate it Winfried. We hope we see you at the Analyst Conference.
Winfried Fruehauf : I'm not so sure because I'm physically still not in a position to do much traveling.
Jeff Martin: Okay. We wish you the best and look forward to staying in touch with you.
Operator: Thank you. As there are no further questions, we'll hand the call back to Jeff Martin for closing remarks.
Jeff Martin : Look, I just like to thank everyone for joining us today. I'll conclude by saying that I'm very pleased with our team, and I think we're excited about the progress we've made on our strategy. And we look forward to seeing all of you at our upcoming Analyst Conference here in San Diego later in March. If you have any follow-up questions, always feel free to contact the IR team. And have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-07 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Faisel H. Khan - Sempra Energy Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy Trevor Ian Mihalik - Sempra Energy
Analysts: Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the program over to Mr. Faisel Khan. Please go ahead, sir.
Faisel H. Khan - Sempra Energy: Good morning and welcome to Sempra Energy's third quarter 2018 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. Here in San Diego are several members of our management team including Jeff Martin, Chief Executive Officer; Joe Householder, President and Chief Operating Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dennis Arriola, Executive Vice President and Group President; Martha Wyrsch, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Peter Wall, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our third quarter 2018 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, November 7, 2018, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide 4 and let me hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Faisel, and thank you all for joining us today. The third quarter was quite busy for us here at Sempra. We recently held a strategic update call where we discussed the announced InfraREIT and Sharyland transactions, and our renewable sales agreement with ConEd. This quarter's strong financial results add to this positive momentum. And together with this week's LNG announcements, further advances our strategic vision to become North America's premier energy infrastructure company. Today, we'll be providing more color on the progress we're making related to our disciplined phased approach to our strategic vision. Specifically, we'll be discussing how we're progressing. Cameron Phase 1, advancing our LNG development opportunities through this week's announced Heads of Agreements and memorandum of understanding, high-grading our portfolio and strengthening our balance sheet. But to be clear, we're committed to maximizing shareholder value through all these activities. We believe this can be achieved through our superior, projected earnings per share and dividend per share growth, coupled with our T&D risk profile. We'll continue to make disciplined investments tied directly to this strategy. I'd like to briefly discuss this construction progress at Cameron. The successful completion of this project remains a top priority. As we have stated all along, we continue to believe all three train will be producing LNG in 2019. We also remain confident in McDermott and Chiyoda's ability to deliver a state-of-the-art facility. Later in this presentation, Joe will provide some additional details regarding the commissioning of train 1 and other construction activities. In addition, we're working hard to make real progress on our LNG opportunities. Joe just spent two weeks in Asia and Carlos and I were in Europe meeting with our partners and potential customers. We received significant interest and hope to continue building our relationships in those two regions. Our recently-announced MOU and HOAs are a direct results of those marketing efforts. Please turn to the next slide. I'm pleased to say we continue to make great strides with our vision to become North America's premier energy infrastructure company. An integral component of that vision is our commitment to continue to improve the visibility of our T&D earnings mix, which we are able to do through our recently-announced Texas acquisitions. These transactions require no incremental equity and we expect to fund them with a portion of the proceeds from our announced U.S. solar portfolio sale. Furthermore, we're continuing to make progress on the sale of our U.S. wind and certain U.S. midstream assets as originally announced in June. We're currently engaged in an active sales process with very strong initial market interest. Lastly, we're continuing to strengthen our balance sheet. We plan to pay down parent debt with the portion of the proceeds from the announced asset sales and the settlements of our common equity forwards. And with that, I'll hand it off to Joe.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Jeff. I'd like to highlight some of the recent projects we've captured that are incremental to our plan. I am particularly pleased with this week's announcements of the MOU with Total and the three HOA agreements for the ECA Phase 1 project. I'll discuss these in more detail in just a moment. Oncor is now projecting CapEx of approximately $10.5 billion over five years compared to the $8.4 billion over five years that we discussed at our analyst conference. The portion of this growth can be attributed to, number one, interconnecting the Rayburn County Electric Cooperative into ERCOT. Two, building approximately 30 130-kV transmission projects in 2019 and 2020, largely comprised of greenfield and brownfield lines. And third, adding two 345-kV projects in West Texas. They're part of a new transmission loop to support increased load growth in the Permian Basin. IEnova continues to expand its strong position in Mexico. Most recently, it announced the acquisition of a 51% equity interest in the Manzanillo marine terminal project. IEnova will build the terminal, which has a total estimated cost of approximately $200 million. The facility is expected to go into service in late 2020. IEnova is making great progress in this new terminal business. And also recently announced a capacity agreement with BP for 50% of the Baja Refinados liquids terminal, and capacity agreements with Chevron and Marathon, each for 50% at the Topolobampo liquids terminal. Each of these terminals are now 100% contracted. IEnova continues to make great progress in diversifying its portfolio and its customer base. I would also like to briefly mention that IEnova's management team has been engaging in collaborative discussions with the incoming administration. We look forward to furthering the goal of developing critical and essential energy infrastructure designed to provide safe, reliable, and lower cost energy for the people of Mexico. Please turn to the next slide. On top of capturing incremental opportunities, there have been several positive developments at our California utilities. Specifically, we received a very constructive decision relating to the Power Charge Indifference Adjustment or PCIA reform. Announced our commitment to helping the City of San Diego's formation of Community Choice Aggregation or CCA, which we're financially neutral too as were decoupled from commodity sales. View the recently-enacted wildfire legislation as a constructive move in the right direction. Submitted a project alternative for the San Diego Pipeline Safety & Reliability Project or PSRP with total CapEx estimates that are similar to the PSRP project, and finally, filed for an increase of our FERC return on equity to 11.2%, an increase of approximately 100 basis points over the current 10.05%. Please turn to the next slide where I'll discuss our LNG business. As we discussed at our analyst conference, we look to create leadership positions in fast-growing addressable markets. Our LNG business fits that profile. There continues to be significant worldwide demand growth for LNG and we're well positioned with five strategically-located opportunities in North America, comprising over 45 million tonnes per annum of long-term projected capacity. Sempra is committed to growing its LNG business into a world-class organization, and over the past few months, we've made significant progress in realizing this goal, including restructuring our organization to form the North American Infrastructure group to better align our resources and enhance our visibility to execution, making great progress at Cameron, and advancing the four LNG development projects in our queue, and launching a comprehensive global marketing outreach program to further discussions with our potential customers. These efforts have proven to be effective as illustrated by our execution of the Memorandum of Understanding with Total and execution of the Heads of Agreement with Mistui, Tokyo Gas and Total for ECA Phase 1. These accomplishments speak volumes about our commitment to our LNG business. Please turn to the next slide. Our MOU with Total is a significant milestone for our LNG business and outlines the potential for Total to contract up to 9 million tonnes per annum of offtake across Cameron LNG Phase 2 and ECA Phases 1 and 2. Please turn to the next slide. The signing of the three detailed HOA agreements with Mistui, Tokyo Gas and Total for the expected LNG offtake at ECA Phase 1 represents a significant step toward negotiating and executing definitive agreements with these quality counterparties. Importantly, ECA is the only brownfield LNG opportunity on the West Coast. We believe that ECA provides a great opportunity for our customers to source low-cost U.S. shale gas and provide it to the growing markets in Asia. Please turn to the next slide and I'll discuss Cameron Phase 1 in greater detail. As Jeff already mentioned, we continue to believe that all three trains at Cameron will be producing LNG in 2019. We also have confidence in McDermott and Chiyoda in meeting the current project schedule. In fact, for train 1, all major construction activities have been completed to begin the commissioning and start-up process. Importantly, we've commenced the start-up of support systems for the three trains and commenced the refrigerant gas turbine test. This progress keeps the project on track and the remaining milestones are lined up in fairly rapid succession, namely the initial start-up of train 1 including the introduction of fuel gas into the system as well as commissioning of all three flares, and the production of first LNG from the project in the first quarter of 2019. Regarding our EPC contract and McDermott's recent announcements, I'd like to remind you that one, the EPC contract is a lump-sum turnkey fixed price agreement with established milestone payments. Two, we reached the settlement agreement with our EPC contractor, which includes Chiyoda and McDermott in December of 2017, which resolved all known and unknown issues through that date. And all Cameron joint venture partners as well as our EPC contractor, McDermott and Chiyoda, are in alignment with our expectations that all three trains are producing LNG in 2019. Now please turn to slide 11, where I'll turn the call over to Trevor who will review with you the third quarter results.
Trevor Ian Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Joe. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter GAAP earnings of $274 million or $0.99 per share. This compares to third quarter 2017 GAAP earnings of $57 million or $0.22 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported earnings of $339 million or $1.23 per share. This compares favorably to third quarter 2017 adjusted earnings of $265 million or $1.04 per share. So let's turn to slide 12, where I'll discuss the key drivers impacting our quarterly results. Our adjusted earnings results were primarily driven by the following; $154 million of earnings at the Sempra Texas Utility segment due to the acquisition of our interest in Oncor in March 2018, and $39 million of higher earnings at SDG&E, primarily due to electric transmission operations. This is partially offset by $86 million of higher costs, primarily related to increased interest expense and preferred stock dividends at parent, which includes the impact of the Oncor acquisition financing, and $38 million primarily related to unfavorable impacts from foreign currency and inflation effects, net of foreign currency derivative effects at Sempra Mexico. In addition, I'd like to point out that this quarter we recorded a one-time non-cash charge of $65 million in equity earnings, reflecting the full impairment of our remaining equity method investment in RBS Sempra Commodities as a result of previously-disclosed ongoing litigation in the UK. Another adverse item impacting this quarter's results is the movement in the Mexican peso. Specifically, during the quarter, we saw the peso strengthen relative to the dollar, which drove the large non-cash FX loss in Mexico. However, subsequent to the end of the quarter, we've seen the peso weaken, which has largely reversed these non-cash losses. We continue to monitor the movements in the peso relative to our guidance assumptions of a year-end rate of approximately 21 pesos to $1 and its associated impact to our full-year 2018 earnings projections. Based on strong year-to-date operating results, plus our expectations for the remainder of the year, we're reaffirming our full-year 2018 adjusted earnings per share guidance range of $5.30 to $5.80 per share or $2.83 to $3.44 per share on a GAAP basis. Please turn to the next slide and I'll hand it back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Trevor. We're pleased with this quarter's financial results and the progress of our plan to-date. However, I'd like to stress that our management team will continue to be focused on delivering our disciplined phased strategy of becoming North America's premier energy infrastructure company. We actually believe this strategy will be strengthened by the work we're undertaking with our full board. Working with the newly-created Business Development Committee, your management team will be focused on five key areas. Number one, conducting a bottoms-up strategic review of each of our businesses; number two, restructuring our corporate center activities to better support each of our businesses; number three, performing a strategic review of our businesses in South America and determining whether it's better to hold and grow partner or divest these assets; number four, completing the renewables and midstream divestitures that we've previously announced; and finally, number five, updating our financial plan to reflect these updates. With that, we'll conclude our prepared comments and stop to take your questions.
Operator: And we'll take our first question from Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone. Just on that last set of priorities you mentioned Jeff, could you elaborate on the, I guess, it was the corporate center review in a little bit more detail and kind of what you're thinking there?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Good morning, Chris. Thank you for joining our call. Sure. As you think about the divestitures we announced back in June, where we're selling our domestic solar business, domestic wind business and our non-utility natural gas storage businesses, our parent cost – our parent activities are really intended to reflect how we support all the different businesses that we own. So as you reduce your overall asset base, we need to make sure that we're reducing our parent cost at the same time. So we'll be looking at how we can better leverage technology for repeatable processes. We'll look at resizing our head count, we'll also look at whether some functions that we do at corporate could be better done in the business unit. So, we're realigning our parent cost to make sure that we're better serving our businesses and we're also lowering our cost structure.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Over the past several years you've had some movements in asset sales and divestitures as well. To what degree before this time have you focused on cost cuts at the corporate level?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you. Remember, going back in the 2015 to 2016 timeframe, we had an enterprise-wide initiative to create more value around our business model and I think across all of our utilities, across our non-utility businesses and parent, we took significant cost out of our business. Some of those initiatives are still ongoing at our utilities in 2018 and 2019, we called it our Fueling our Future initiative. You've heard us talk about in the past. What we're doing at corporate really is a phase two of that work and this is really intended to make sure that we right-size our cost as we reduce our asset base and our revenues related to the three divestitures that I cited.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, that's helpful context. And then my second question is on the LNG announcements from today and I think two days ago. Could you give us a little bit more color on the competitive environment maybe what has changed if anything there over the past three to six months and give us a little bit color too on your decision to articulate a goal of 45 million tonnes per annum?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Sure. I actually appreciate that question a lot. I think as the new leadership team got together in May and June and we prepared for the analyst conference, we took the time we went to the World Gas Conference, I was joined by Joe Householder, and Joe, I'd like you to make some comments when I finish too, if you want to add some color and we took the opportunity to say where are we in terms of our competitive advantages geographically with respect to all five of the projects that we're pursuing, we took time to meet with a lot of different customers starting in Washington, D.C. I think we made the decision, Chris that we need to be a little bit more ambitious about what we think we can accomplish. And that was really driven by the customer interest we saw in our projects. So, I think one of the things that today's announcement from my standpoint, but I think the key takeaways are is that there's a lot of validation in the marketplace that we are very well competitively situated with our terminal down at ECA, as well as the two terminals we have in the Gulf Coast. So we've raised our ambitions and that's why as you think about our strategic goal of being North America's premier energy infrastructure company, we also want to be North America's premier infrastructure company in the LNG space. And that 45 million ton per annum figure was intended to reflect what we think that we can accomplish, and I'll give you a little bit more color in terms of why the Total MOU is so important. We took the time starting at the World Gas Conference to meet with Patrick Pouyanné, Joe and I did. And I think when you look at the integrated natural gas space and all the competitors in the marketplace, they are currently the number two publicly-traded LNG player. But I think their ambition from equity gas in the ground through service to customers, and they've circled the goal of having 40 million tonnes per annum in their LNG portfolio by 2020, and then growing that portfolio at a 5% rate well into the future. What we felt like was that we matched their ambition in a small part of that value chain and namely that was making sure that we could turnkey some infrastructure here in the United States to support exports abroad. And that's why we were so interested in trying to match their ambition across the value chain really in an area where we thought that we had some unique expertise and really well-positioned geographic sites for liquefaction terminals. But, Joe, I appreciate if you will make some comments as well.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Sure. Thanks, Jeff, and hi, Chris. We've been engaged with Total since they made the announcement of buying the LNG business from Engie and I have been talking to them, and then we had the good fortune to meet with them at the World Gas Conference. And then Jeff and I met with them a number of times since, and he mentioned I was just in Asia with some of our LNG team and Faisel was along with us as well. But Jeff was busy with Carlos and others in Paris working on this. So we had a quite busy couple of weeks and a very busy weekend getting these things done. But I wanted to go to your point about competition. We have great partners and customers at Cameron and Total is now one of them, but also Mitsubishi and Mistui, and we're very pleased that Mistui is able to join us in the ECA project. I want to tell you there was a considerable competition for that project. We had a lot of people that wanted it and it was a little bit hard to explain to a couple of them that they were not going to be offtakers. We sold the thing out in these HOAs and having Mistui and Tokyo Gas and Total is very exciting for us. But I want you to know the competition was really high there and will continue to be high for the large scale project.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's really helpful. So it sounds like you guys are taking a step forward on the level of competition on the supply side here, but that also the demand remains pretty robust in terms of interest from prospective clients.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: I think that's accurate.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Chris, let me just add on to that because I mentioned and Jeff mentioned, I was in Asia for almost two weeks. The interest for our Port Arthur facility also is very robust. So we met with people in three countries and from the customers to the ministers and we have a lot of interest in all of our projects. And I think it speaks volume to our ability to execute across this frame and we've been talking about it for a while, but now we are in execution mode.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Appreciate that Joe. Thanks Jeff.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Yes, hi. Thanks. A couple of questions. So first just, Jeff maybe in your strategic initiatives that you mentioned one of the things that I keep having people seem to get confused of is this board committee is called the LNG and Business Development Committee. But then none of these initiatives specifically talk about LNG. So could you just kind of clarify that issue since it seems like really on LNG you're mainly focused on just getting these growth projects done?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Yeah, Steve, I appreciate the question and we certainly appreciate you taking the time to come visit us here recently in San Diego. The way I would describe it is, we had an ad hoc committee of the board. Over the last several years it was really focused on meeting and making sure that we were galvanizing particularly the construction leadership from our board around making sure that the Cameron construction process went forward in a very healthy way. And as we went through resolving our thoughts and discussions with Elliott and folks, what we decided to do was rename that committee really around the business development review process. So that committee really has nothing to do "with LNG", it has everything to do with making sure that we take a comprehensive bottoms-up review of our entire business. There are no sacred cows. You've heard me say that before. If there are opportunities to drive more value to our customers and to our shareholders, that's exactly what you should expect us to do. So, the LNG portion of that title and I think you correctly point this out, is a little bit of a misnomer. It's really a legacy issue for the name of that original ad hoc committee. But this is intended to be a committee of the board that's focused exclusively on working with the management to make sure we look across the entire enterprise at ways that we can unlock value and strategy, will always be owned by our full board. But this is the committee that will iterate the process through February, where we've been making board decisions related to our strategy. And you should expect us to provide a fulsome update in the last week of March of all the five work streams I discussed at our analyst conference.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Okay. Great. And then, just on the HOA and MOU and the like, just from a standpoint of pricing and returns, I know you don't have official contracts yet, but just, should we read these as you're seeing sufficient pricing to get the returns you need on these projects? How can we think about that?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Steve, it's a great question. Obviously, the MOU – and we've taken some questions on this before – is intended to be a statement of aspiration about how we plan to collaborate with Total. That's a company that we hold in high regard. And there's more work to be done there as Joe indicated in his prepared remarks, about how we plan to maximize their participation not only in ECA 1 and 2, but also in Cameron Phase 2. We typically target low-double-digit unlevered returns on all of our LNG projects. I think Joe and I and others have talked about trying to guide across this portfolio where we're targeting roughly between 60% and 70% equity ownership. So, I think, the most important takeaway as you think about potential returns is the comment that Joe made particularly around ECA 1, Steve. The level of interest in the project was extremely high. We think that bodes well for ECA 2 but that also speaks directly to the point you're asking about is the pricing power and the expectation of how that might impact returns. But, Joe, if you want to add any other color to Steve's question?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: I think you answered it, Jeff. I think that getting these HOAs was a significant milestone for us. But there was a lot of competition.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Right.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Steve, so I think that answers your question.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then one last question just on Cameron 1-3, you mentioned you feel confident in the construction and schedule. Can you just maybe talk to maybe the other concern that that's out there is just the financial health of your E&C companies and just your protections from that?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I'll make a couple comments, Steve, and pass it to Joe. But I think that we were thoughtful in the very beginning in terms of how we structure the contract. Joe talked about the lump sum nature of the EPC contract in his prepared remarks. Obviously, Chiyoda and now McDermott are jointly and severally liable to deliver that. We will not speak obviously to the financial health of those businesses directly, except to say we have a lot of confidence in both companies. Joe in particular has spent a lot of time with David Dickson, who is someone we enjoy spending time with. He certainly has a firm handle on that project. And I think the most important takeaway from our perspective is we continue to think that the project is on track with respect to what we've said in terms of having all three trains producing LNG next year and we don't really have any fundamental change in terms of how we think it's executed. But Joe, if you want to add some color, it would be helpful.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah, thanks, Jeff. Hi, Steve. I think that the big takeaway is, look, they just confirmed their plan to have all three trains producing LNG next year. And I have confidence in their ability to execute on that schedule. And I think that McDermott has made a number of positive changes in the oversight and management of the job site and at corporate. And we all, including the Cameron LNG team, the partners, we've all spent time with David Dickson and several of his team members over the past several months, the past six months I'd say since they had the merger completed with CBI (sic) [CB&I] (29:38). And they have a very high level of engagement and analysis about what it takes to finish this job. And I've personally met with David a number of times, he's very engaged and he's committed, he's focused. He knows he has a tough job ahead of them and they've accepted that in their merger. But you can see from his comments that he's focused on getting it done. And the contractual payment terms are drawn around ways for them to get cash flow as they hit milestones. So they're encouraged to keep pushing ahead. And the sooner they finish their work the sooner they get paid and the sooner they cut out their indirect and overhead costs. And I think if you looked at McDermott's announcements recently, they've talked about raising the funds they needed and have liquidity to finish the job on their side. So I feel good about their ability to do it.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Hey, good afternoon.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great list of accomplishments this quarter.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I think you may have just answered the question but I just wanted to be clear on follow up with regard to ECA Phase 1. You obviously own a majority stake in the IEnova, IEnova owns ECA, is it IEnova's intention to retain 100% equity stake in this project or would Mistui, Tokyo Gas, Total all be taking equity stakes in the project itself as well?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: It's a great question, Greg. You recall that using Cameron as a model, we have roughly a 51% ownership stake in Cameron. And Joe talked about this earlier as well, where we're targeting across this portfolio of 45 million tonnes per annum, owning between a 60% and 70% stake on average across the portfolio. Our approach to Cameron 1 will be targeting probably something that looks very close to a 50-50 equity ownership, for ECA 1 I mean, between IEnova and Sempra. And we're still having ongoing discussions about the level of participation that may or may not occur between the offtakers.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So IEnova – if I assume IEnova owns 50%, Sempra Corporation owns 50% because you functionally own a majority of IEnova, you own a proportionately higher direct and indirect stake in the project then, correct?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: That's correct.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. I just wanted to be clear on that. Thank you.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: My second question is with regard to the CapEx increase at TXU and I know in March you'll give a full five-year update on your financing plan. But is it your expectation that sort of the overall corporate balance sheet has the capacity to fund the equity investment needed to grow at that rate at TXU without additional equity issuance at the parent?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Greg, I really appreciate that question. I think that I'll start by just telling you how darn excited we are about the Oncor investment, right. You recall about this time last year they were heading into finalizing their rate case and had committed to a minimum capital expenditures over five years of $7.5 billion, and by the time we got to closing earlier this year in March we were able to adjust that CapEx forecast to $8.4 billion. So we're very pleased now to be able to put a firm number around their five year revised forecast of $10.5 billion. And that obviously does not include the expected CapEx that would come from purchase in InfraREIT as well to extend that franchise. So I think that the growth that we're seeing is both on the population side and on economic expansion and I certainly believe that we can meet the requirements of this over the next five years without equity issuances.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Fantastic. Take care, guys. See you soon.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead, Julien.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, Jeff. Congratulations to the whole team on these LNG developments.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you very much.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Absolutely. Just following up on some of the last questions – particularly Steve's, how do you think about the mix with respect to Total's commitment here and just the timeline as well, right? So ECA, and especially the ECA expansion, certainly that had some other considerations on timeline given the import contract. How do you think about juggling these various considerations, especially given the 9 Mtpa committed. I mean, maybe said differently and more directly, you've got Total involved in the first phase of ECA. How imminent are we looking at an ECA expansion decision here, given what seemed like pretty material volumes, both with respect to the ECA expansion and Cameron 4, 5?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Well, as you ask that question, Julien, you can tell it's kind of a high-class problem, right? And we've got a lot of activity going on. I think it's particularly not only in our divestitures, but the acquisition in Texas. It's very important, and one of the things we spend a lot of time on is making sure that we have a very disciplined approach to execution. So, right out of the box, the most important thing is the careful disciplined delivery of Cameron Phase 1, right? So, all hands on deck to make sure we stick to the timeline of ensuring that we get LNG produced at all three trains in 2019. Next steps in terms of ECA 1 is to move from these HOAs, which, by the way, have relatively definitive terms that we expect to crystallize into sales and purchase agreements early in the spring, and that will be a critical step, as you look to try to reach FID at the end of2019 on ECA 1. And I think one of the things that Joe and Carlos and the overall marketing team are looking at now is we have a variety of campaigns around not only ECA Phase 2 and the marketing program there but also Port Arthur. So those conversations are underway and that's something that we'll be looking to update you on as we have more details in the coming month.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Maybe to clarify this. How much flexibility does Total have in the initial rate in that you all have committed with them on basically balancing ECA Phase 2 versus, say, Cameron 4, 5?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: The way I would describe it is if you just look at kind of what Total's announcements have come out, in 2017 they finished the year with roughly 60 million tonnes per annum in their overall LNG portfolio and they've targeted 40 million tonnes per annum publicly by 2020, right? So they have a pretty ambitious program underway. And I think they have long been focused on Cameron expansion even when they did the Engie acquisition they were quite public about their commitment not only to be in that project but also to sponsor the Phase 2 of Cameron. So I think what you've seen is you've seen them take down 0.8 Mtpa today in the HOA announcement at ECA Phase 1 and you've seen that they've circled an aspiration around a total of nine and it's reasonable to believe that that could be up to 4 million tonnes per annum at Cameron Phase 2 and up to potentially 4 million tonnes per annum at ECA Phase 2. So there's a lot more work to be done there but I think most importantly we share their ambition, Julien. I think we have a great working relationship at the senior level of both companies. I think the working engagement today around Cameron has been extremely healthy and that's one of the reasons we've got a lot of aspiration for the relationship.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: A quick clarification, if I can, on the Cameron Phase 2, is this to be assumed to be the leading project in the U.S. now relative to Port Arthur and that marketing efforts are going to be focused on this then, just given the greater involvement of Total now?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: What I'll do is I'll make a comment and I'll pass it to Joe, but I will tell you that it probably remains to be seen. I mean, there are people in the marketplace, Julien, that really want to privilege the competitive advantage of brownfield sites like we have at ECA, and like we have at Cameron. But one of the benefits we have at Port Arthur is we've done a lot of design engineering work going back to over the last several years. We think we have a very low cost project there. It's in a unique location in Beaumont. And I think that we've got an opportunity to do all of these. That's one of the reasons we've really changed our vision, our ambition of what we want to accomplish. So I don't want to make it sound like that we're going to prioritize Cameron Phase 2 over Port Arthur. There is a lot of interest as Joe indicated in both of these projects. And I'll pass it to Joe, if he'll make some comments on that.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Please. Thank you, Jeff. Hey, Julien. Look, they are different customers. So we don't have to prioritize one over the other. Total is very seriously interested in Cameron as are we. And we're working with our other partners evaluating what exactly is the best thing to do there. But that project is really a project where existing equity owners and customers are going to take the offtake from that facility. And now we're approaching a phase in the original construction that we can see. We can see to the end now and we can see when we could start doing something about expansion. But that one is focused on the existing customer base there. Port Arthur, I can tell you, I've just mentioned this earlier, I think to Chris is, the people that I spoke to in Asia, people that Jeff spoke to in Europe, others in Europe, they're very interested in Port Arthur because Port Arthur can equally go to both Europe and Asia And so, that one is something that I think will attract a lot of attention because of what Jeff talked about in terms of the cost. It's going to be very cost competitive. Cameron's a different situation. And so I wouldn't link those two together in terms of competition. And one comment about Phase 2 of the ECA project, I think we could probably try to move that forward very fast but we have something which I've talked to you about before which is we have an existing project there that's making $150 million a year. And we don't want to give away that. So we have to balance that. But depending on how fast the offtakers want to take it and what size can be, we'll have to look at that but I would say all three are moving ahead in a very nice way.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Congratulations again. Talk to you soon.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys, congrats on a good earnings season. One question...
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: ...you made the comments about kind of the broader strategic review and then you touched on the Latin American businesses. Can you talk just a little bit more, clarify kind of how you're going through the process of looking at those businesses? How you think about what's core versus maybe non-core to Sempra. And then and this may be a Trevor question kind of with all the asset sales and some of the other moving parts, what's your tax position? Meaning if you were to sell these at a sizable gain and you've owned them for a long time, how should we think about what it means from a cash tax perspective?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: So, Michael, I appreciate the question. I think I would harken back to the June analyst conference where we laid out that one slide that talked about how we thought about capital rotation and strategy and it was a very clear three-phase process. So, this year, we made a decision about how we could high grade the U.S.-based portfolio and focus more on T&D businesses both in utilities and outside the utilities. We talked about Phase 2 would be a deep dive on South America. Phase 2 is a Q1 2019 report. And then we talked about the reasoning why we would revisit IEnova and LNG in Q1 of 2020 because we want to make sure that, number one, Cameron is fully online and we're balancing, making sure that as we go through this capital rotation process we're doing it through the lens of making sure we maintain a strong credit position. So we have a very disciplined phased approach. This year it's divestitures. Next year, it's the Latin American review or, frankly, it's the South American review not Latin America. And then in 2020, we're going to update you on the IEnova, LNG story. And as you've seen in today's call, IEnova and LNG are greatly intertwined on ECA Phase 1 and ECA Phase 2 and that's why it's a second order analysis. Now, let me drop down to your specific question on South America. The lens we'll be looking through is just as we described it last June. If there's an opportunity to do something different with those businesses that have traceable benefits to our shareholders, you should expect us to follow that path. Now, this is something we've looked at multiple times historically and particularly the tax lens has been the greatest challenge. Now, as you know over the last nine months, you've seen a dramatic change in terms of how we reform U.S. taxes. But when we talk about was the change in control of tax provisions both in Peru and Chile that have tend to create a significant amount of leakage in excess of a $1 billion if you do transact down there. So the lens that Dennis Arriola, who's leading that effort, is reviewing what this is, number one, we're going to put it through the lens of earnings impact and accretion. Taxes will be a consideration as well as credit. And we always try to look at it, Michael, from the lens of, are these businesses more valuable to somebody else. So one of the inherent questions is what might be different this time when you look at it? Well, asset values in South America have certainly traded up, the interest rate environment is a consideration, the change in taxes here in the United States and our NOL position is a consideration. So what our commitment is, is to go back and look at it de novo with a fresh review bottoms-up and if we can create more value in some type of rotational opportunity, we will. We're going to go through exactly what I said in our prepared remarks. Does it make the most sense to hold and grow those businesses, partner either in South America or at the holding company in the Netherlands or to sell those businesses? So that's the thought process. And then I'll turn to Trevor to see if he'll add anything from an overall tax standpoint.
Trevor Ian Mihalik - Sempra Energy: No, Jeff, I think you covered it pretty well. There is – even though we have an NOL position in the U.S., as Jeff said, there's local taxes that need to be taken into consideration and the indirect sales rules that also need to be contemplated if there were to be a sale down there. And so, you need to take a look at all of that across the board to determine what the cash tax payment implications are and that's why we try to disclose that at the analyst conference.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it guys. Thanks much appreciated, Jeff, Trevor.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Hey. How you doing?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Great. How you doing, Paul?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: All right. So I think I've been LNG'd-out here. So just back on Oncor, are all these – are these projects subject to, I mean they sound perfectly legitimate and everything, but just in general, is there any regulatory approval process for them or is it sort of formula driven? Or how do we think about that and how is the cost allocation?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Thank you for asking that question. You'll recall that in Texas they have a T-cost mechanism which is the mechanism by which you look at use and useful type of projects that you identify. They'll make investments in distribution and transmission. And all of those are reviewed in hindsight at the next rate case. But these are all driven by demand that they are seeing on their system, and I think one of the things that Allen (45:42) and the team are quite proud about is they've never had $1 of disallowance in the history of that company. So they're quite prudent in terms of how they allocate capital. And I think one of the things you're seeing here is they've got a real focus on not only being the lowest cost provider in the state of Texas today, but they're also making sure that all the capital that they allocate, Paul, is prudently used knowing that at some point in the future, it'll be reviewed as part of a rate case.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then, there were some rate design concerns that sort of had shown up this summer at San Diego that had caused some concern. And I know you guys were looking to address them and what have you, and I just wondering if you could update us in terms of how you think that's looking in terms of getting that sort of corrected. And then just also, in terms of the wildfires, one of your utilities is voicing concern – or one of your neighboring utilities, I'm sorry, is voicing concern about higher risks associated with wildfire and, therefore, planning on asking for a higher return in terms of cost of capital. And I'm just wondering if you guys were thinking of doing the same thing with the upcoming cost of capital proceeding.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Hey. Sure I'd be glad to try to address both of those questions. The first of which is on rate design; the second is on the potential impact of cost of capital. I'll see if Joe wants to kind of come behind me with any other comments. But let's start and talk about rate design. You remember that over the last three to five years, we've had a number of different rate initiatives around rooftop solar and the redesign of the rates around, not just a three-tiered rate schedule, Paul, which is volumetric, but also a super user rate. And the design of this is that your fixed costs are collected volumetrically. And essentially, as you use more electricity in the San Diego system, much like the rest of the state – the other utilities have a similar mechanism – you actually cover a larger portion of the fixed cost for the utility. I think one of the things we've long advocated for is that whether you're a rooftop solar user, whether you're completely off the grid with some sporadic or intermittent use of the utility, there is a design model where costs are best spread evenly across customers and then a lot of dialogue around a fixed charge. We have a fixed charge at SoCalGas. I think there's a fixed charge at over 60 different utilities across the state of California. So both SCG&E (48:17), PG&E and San Diego Gas & Electric have long thought that a portion of their fixed costs should be collected that way. But the current rate design has a three-phase approach with the super-user rate and that's something that will continue to be part of the design discussion at the Commission. Secondly, on cost of capital, I think you've hit a really, really important point which is, it's intended to be a proxy of what we in the market believe is the appropriate return for all stakeholders. So as you look at both the interest rate environment, you look at inherent operating risk in your service territory. As we go into that cost of capital review, we will be approaching that in an April filing which is intended to reflect what we think the appropriate return is for the unique operating characteristics of our own service territories. Joe, do you want to add any comments to either of those?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: No. I think you addressed it. Let's see if there's another question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Well, just I mean, just as a sort of a follow-up there. So should we expect – I mean, how are you guys thinking about the risk profile? I mean, I know that you guys were relatively unscathed compared to others in the most recent fire seasons, but just in general, we should expect you guys going in and probably expecting a higher? I mean, how should we think about it in terms of your current cost of capital that you guys settled on recently?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Sure. Paul, this is Joe. I'll just add on to it. I mean, we got asked the question a little bit earlier about the FERC ROEs and we certainly asked for 100 basis points additional there which takes into account existing situation with wildfires of course. And the FERC rate base is about $4 billion, a significant part of our rate base. So we will be looking to do the same with the CPUC ROE, taking into account many factors. Interest rates going up, the wildfire exposure. Of course, in our situation, we have spent a significant amount of money over the past 10 years really mitigating a lot of that risk and continue to do that every day. Our goal is to reduce that risk to the most minimal amount we can. But we have to take into account all those risk premiums. So I think we will be looking forward to making a filing with a higher ROE.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, just finally with the – back to the rate design, should we think that next summer, when it comes around the situation, that developed this summer is unlikely to happen again? I mean, with your discussions with the Commission and what have you, that they're sort of open to the idea of changing this, that they're also finding this to be sort of an issue?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: I'll make a couple of comments. One is, I think there are many stakeholders in the process, Paul, that believe that, from a environmental standpoint, the people that use the most should be burdened the most. And the rate design is intended to make sure that the more electricity you use, the higher amount of fixed cost that you bear. I think what happens in the summer time is it becomes more extreme. So what people are looking at is ways that you can make sure that you can have a rational rate design where people are paying their fair share for system cost as well as their fair share of electricity cost. And this is not a recent phenomenon. This is an ongoing debate over the last decade. And I think what you should count on is there are many people in the process now that believe that we can move to a more modern design where folks that are incentivized to use rooftop solar are rewarded for that. But at the same time, there's a more common fee associated with people that are connected to the grid. So I can't promise you that it'll be resolved by next summer. I can say there are a lot of people very engaged in this process. And over the next several years, my instinct is, you'll see an evolution in rate design.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Awesome. Thanks so much, guys.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: And at this time, I will turn the program to Jeff Martin for any closing or further comments.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: So let me close by saying that we very much appreciate everyone's participation on today's call. We're very pleased with the strong operating results we posted for the quarter and the great progress we've seen from our LNG team. Thank you, again, for joining us. If you have any follow up questions, feel free to contact the IR team and have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at any time.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-06 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Faisel Khan - Investor Relations Jeff Martin - Chief Executive Officer Joe Householder - President and Chief Operating Officer Trevor Mihalik - Chief Financial Officer Dennis Arriola - Chief Strategy Officer and Executive Vice President of External Affairs, South America Martha Wyrsch - General Counsel Scott Drury - President San Diego Gas & Electric Peter Wall - Chief Accounting Officer and Controller
Analysts: Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Ryan Levine - Citi Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Lasan Johong - Auvila Research Consulting
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Faisel Khan, please go ahead, sir.
Faisel Khan: Thanks. Good morning, and welcome to Sempra Energy’s second quarter 2018 earnings call. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our Web site under the Investors Relation section. Here in San Diego are several members of our management team, including Jeff Martin, Chief Executive Officer; Joe Householder, President and Chief Operating Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Chief Financial Officer; Dennis Arriola, Chief Strategy Officer and Executive Vice President of External Affairs, South America; Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel; Scott Drury, President San Diego Gas & Electric; and Peter Wall, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller. Before starting, I’d like to remind everyone, we’ll be discussing forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the Company’s most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. It’s important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and that we’ll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and the Table A in our second quarter 2018 earnings press release for reconciliation to GAAP measures. I’d also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, August 6, 2018, and the Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide four, and let me hand the call over to Jeff Martin.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot, Faisel. Before we get started, I’d also like to thank everyone who joined us at our analyst conference in New York. We enjoyed the opportunity to talk about our strategic goals, planned assets sales, financial projections and long-term vision. Since the analyst conference, we've had the opportunity to continue this dialogue and I've met with over 100 investors. We appreciate the positive feedback we continue to receive on our plan and are committed delivering and long-term value to all of our shareholders. Our management team continues to focus on three things; number one, advancing our strategic vision to become the premier North American energy infrastructure company with leadership positions in the most attractive market; number two, strengthen our balance sheet to support our strategic initiatives; and number three, making progress on our existing and new projects that fit our transmission and distribution and long-term contracted business model. As we discussed in New York, our focus is on delivering shareholder value through superior earnings per share and dividend per share growth. On today's call, I'll provide an update on some of the topics covered at our Analyst Day, new project announcements and the progress we're seeing in our LNG business. Afterwards, Trevor will review our second quarter financials, the key drivers influencing our results and our guidance. I'd like to highlight that we’re reaffirming our full year 2018 adjusted earnings guidance of $5.30 to $5.80 per share. Please turn to the next Slide. In late June, we communicated our strategic vision. It's focused on high grading our portfolio with transmission and distribution investments and long-term contracted assets in tier 1 markets, all with a focus of becoming America's premier energy infrastructure company. In conjunction with this effort, we announced the planned sales of our U.S. wind, U.S. solar and certain U.S. midstream assets. Since then, we've launched the sales process and hired advisors and we continue to be very encouraged by the substantial market interest we received. Also you recall at the Analysts Day, we discussed the need for an additional $1.6 billion of equity in order to reach our targeted capital structure for the Oncor transaction of approximately 65% equity to total capital. Related to this, in mid-July, we executed on the issuance of $1.1 billion of common equity forwards and $500 million of mandatory convertible preferred shares. We're pleased to say that both offerings were very well received by the market. In fact, both offerings experienced robust demand and in combination were 3 times oversubscribed. Additionally, the green shoots on each of the securities were fully exercised by the underwriters, bringing the total expected gross proceeds to $1.85 billion. As I mentioned earlier, the funds raised we used to complete our targeted financing structure that we provided both to the market and the Public Utilities Commission of Texas for the Oncor transaction, and will help ensure that our company is positioned for success going forward. Also as we laid out at our analyst conference, our long-term vision includes providing industry leading earnings per share and dividend per share growth, while maintaining an investment grade plus credit rating over the long-term. Notably, our initiatives to high-grade our portfolio and reduce our risk profile have allowed Moody’s to consider revising our FFO to debt threshold down to between 16% and 17%. We believe this is appropriate and achievable range, and should allow us to effectively execute our capital plans. Moving on to the wildfire issue. We along with other stakeholders continue to execute our three pronged strategy designed to help mitigate the risk to our customers and help ensure the long-term health of California Utilities. Given the recent progress from the formation of the special legislative committee, bills in the legislature and Governor Brown's proposal to specifically address inverse condemnation, we’re optimistic that appropriate legislation could be put in place to address this issue by the end of this month. Also I’d like to briefly touch on our recent conversations with Elliott Bluescape partnership. We’re highly engaged in constructive dialogue at the highest levels of each organization and have had multiple face-to-face meetings. Most recently, three of our Board members met with members of the Elliott Bluescape partnership with their offices in New York. In our view, all parties had strong interest in maximizing shareholder value and constructive conversations are continuing. At the end of the day, our management team believes our disciplined North American focused strategy should create significant long-term shareholder value, and we’re extremely focused on executing the strategic vision. Now please turn to the next Slide. We continue to make great progress on our existing and new projects. Let me start by discussing our LNG projects where we believe we’re well positioned to help meet the world's growing natural gas demand with Cameron and three other LNG development opportunities. First, the construction of Cameron trains one through three continues to progress. The facility remains on track for all three trains to produce LNG in 2019, which McDermott recently affirmed on their earnings call. In addition, in mid-July Total completed its acquisition of on Engie’s LNG assets. We’re actually quite excited to have Total as the new partner. It is a well-led company and has a growing leadership position in the space and we look forward to work with them on this project and potential expansion opportunities at the facility. Shifting to our other LNG opportunities as highlighted at the recent analyst conference. We’re highly encouraged by our progress. We recently selected an EPC contractor for ECA and continue to receive significant market interest given the project’s West Coast location. We also selected an EPC contractor for Port Arthur and announced the heads of agreement with the Polish Oil and Gas company, outlining terms for a 20-year proposed agreement to supply two Mtpa of LNG, which is in addition to the memorandum of understanding signed with KOGAS just last year. Please turn to the next slide where I’ll review new projects and our other businesses. Starting with the IEnova, we continue to establish a dominant market position in the liquid storage business and we’re recently awarded the Topolobampo Marine terminal project. Additionally, we announced an expansion of the Veracruz terminal and redistribution of capacity at the Mexico City and Pueblo terminals. Related to these updates, the total investment for the terminals at Veracruz, Mexico City and Pueblo is now expected to be $315 million, which is $40 million increase. In Chile, Chiquita recently announced the acquisition of two operating transmission lines for $220 million subject to customary regulatory approvals. A good portion of these operating assets are within Chiquita service territory and are already integrated with their existing distribution infrastructure. The transaction is likely to close in the second half of 2018 as expected to be funded with cash on hand in Chile. The projects in Mexico and Chile support the strategy we developed along with our board, which seeks to high-grade our portfolio through a T&D and long-term contracted assets. Just as importantly, they’ll help improve energy accessibility and resiliency in both countries. Turning now to California. We recently submitted an application for a natural gas leak abatement program per Senate Bill 1371. We requested a CapEx amount of approximately $115 million. It would be deployed over a three year period. This program will help ensure the delivery of safe, reliable natural gas and further the state’s goal of reducing GHG emission. An additional cost to development was the CPUCs mitigation report released at the beginning of July, which directed us to increase the storage volume of Aliso Canyon from approximately 24.6 bcf to roughly 34 bcf. This further supports our stance that Aliso and and natural gas are an integral component of energy reliability and affordability in Southern California. More than 90% of Southern California residence depends on natural gas for the daily needs. By some estimates converting to all electric appliances could cost the average household to over $7,000 upfront and upto $1,000 per year and increase appliance and energy costs. That’s why from a customer perspective, we certainly support trends towards electrification while also supporting the ongoing role of natural gas. With that, let me hand it over to Trevor who will review our financial results.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks Jeff. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter loss of $561 million or $2.11 per share. These results include the impairment charges, primarily related to our U. S. natural gas storage business, which we discussed at our Analyst Day. This compares to the second quarter 2017 earnings of $259 million or $1.03 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported earnings of $361 million or $1.35 per share. This compares to the second quarter 2017 adjusted earnings of $276 million or $1.10 per share. Let’s turn to the next slide where I’ll discuss the key drivers impacting our quarterly results. Our adjusted quarter results were primarily driven by the following; $114 million of earnings at the Sempra Texas Utility segment due to the acquisition of our interest in Oncor in March of 2018; and $46 million of higher earnings at the Sempra Mexico segment, primarily due to favorable foreign currency and inflation related impact net of hedges. This is partially offset by $81 million, primarily related to higher interest expense and preferred dividends at parent, which includes the impact of the Oncor acquisition financing. With these results, we are reaffirming our 2018 adjusted earnings guidance of $5.30 to $5.80 per share and GAAP guidance of $1.78 to $2.28 per share but we continue to monitor the peso movements relative to our guidance assumptions. Please turn to the next slide and I’ll hand it back over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot Trevor. I want to emphasize that execution of our strategic plan to create long-term shareholder value remains top of mind. In the near term, our management team is focused on the following items: Resolving our general rate cases, executing the sale of our U.S. wind, U.S. solar and certain U.S. midstream assets, progressing the construction of Cameron and advancing our California wildfire risk mitigation strategy. Also, I’d like to take that opportunity to again thank everyone who participating in recent equity offering, the shareholder support we receive is important to us in terms of delivering our long-term vision of delivering quality growth and value creation. With that, we’ll conclude our prepared remarks and start to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we’ll take our first question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Jeff, you mentioned at the beginning of your discussion a targeted FFO to debt level. And I was just thinking through Sempra has a number of upside growth potential areas of spending. And as you look at it now when you look at your projected financials, your projected FFO to debt level, if you were successful in some of those incremental growth opportunities, what does that debt target level tell us. Does that imply you have some degree of dry powder with respect to leverage? Or does it mean we should assume a more traditional need for incremental equity if you have incremental applied CapEx?
Jeff Martin: I’ll give you a few comments and then pass it to Trevor. But in general, we’ve been impressed from time-to-time about what is your specific FFO to debt target. And as you know, we spent a lot of time choreographing our strategic plan with all three credit rating agencies. I think what we’ve tried to do really is make sure that we are very, very clear that we expect to maintain an investment grade plus credit rating. I think the second thing we tried to do is spend a lot of time explaining where we were a decade ago, where we’d exposure to IPP businesses, where we’d exposure to commodity businesses and how we pretty concerted effort of trying to high-grade the portfolio where we can have a lot more transparency about our future cash flows. We really found that to be around the transmission distribution type of assets. So what we've done in Texas, we announced that we recently had in Chile this is really the ongoing focus. And what that's really resulted in is the type of dialog and conversations you see come out of Moody’s where they are open minded about reducing our overall risk profile. So our goal is to make sure that we’re really doing everything as a business in terms of cash flows, repatriation and divestitures to support the type of growth initiatives you’re referring to. I’ll stop there and see Trevor if you want to add any comments to that.
Trevor Mihalik: Stephen, the only other thing I’d add really is one of the things once Cameron comes online that is a significant change in the cash flows for the organization, which will certainly support the FFO to debt metrics. And so depending on what we monetize the wind and the solar assets for could significantly help with the growth prospects. And again, what we laid out at the analyst conference with regards to the $15 billion capital plan and the incremental equity offering that we just completed, we believe over the period of time, we will be in a position to support our investment grade plus credit rating.
Stephen Byrd: And then shifting gears to California. So I think the very large recent wildfires highlight the seriousness of the issue and we certainly hear regularly from investors the urgent need to have legislation. I was curious in your dialog you mentioned you were I think optimistic or hopeful that we’d see legislation in the session. Can you talk little bit about the dialogue you’ve had, what gives you some optimism in terms of ensuring that we get legislation that the investment community very much wants to see?
Jeff Martin: Well, I’m glad you asked that question and obviously this is top of mind to lot of investors. I’ll provide a couple of comments and ask Joe to provide some comments as well. I think the way I thought about Stephen is last fall it was really a process of problem identification. Obviously, the CPUC ruled on our WEMS decision, which put a lot of this in play in terms of how people thought about the problem. In the first quarter of 2018, there was a large education process. I think part of that was really aimed at making sure that people understood that this was not a problem, it was unique to the California investor-owned utilities, the impacted municipals, impacted the residential communities’ ability to procure insurance, it had a broad impact to the state. And I think one of the things we could be more pleased about now is to see the type of leadership coming out of both houses of the legislature the governor has really stepped forward. And I think the conversation today is less about one particular bill number or one particular assembly bill number, and really about the value what’s taking place in the conference committee. So there's a committee meeting tomorrow on safe and reliable energy grid and there's a committee meeting on Thursday on inverse condemnation and electric utilities. I think the dialogue has progressed to the point that is right where it should be. We’ve got the right people focused on the right issues, it’s being redefined more broadly as a statewide issue and not an investor and utility issue and I think that's part of my calls for optimism. Now I’ll see Joe if you like to supplement that.
Joe Householder: I would just add a couple of things. I think that the governor wants healthy utilities, he wants to further his energy policies and his agenda and the IoUs play a large role in that. So I think as Jeff mentioned two weeks ago, the conference committee had their first meeting. We have the opportunity to participate in that meeting. We were the only investor owned utility that was at that meeting. But our director of the Firesign's employment adoption, he was there at that meeting and now tomorrow they’re having this meeting. And it’s not only members from each of the California investor-owned utilities but also people who are representing the municipals. So this is a statewide issue it’s not just investor-owned. So we’re encouraged that they’re having that meeting tomorrow followed by another meeting on Thursday. The agenda for that meeting isn’t out yet. You can see these other agendas on their Web site. But we are encouraged about this. We’re working with the various stakeholders in this and we see the opportunity for some movement this month while the legislature finishes its work this year.
Operator: Moving on we’ll take our next question from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Maybe is it possible you give a little more color on maybe where there’re areas of agreement or disagreement on?
Jeff Martin: As I mentioned this in my prepared remarks and obviously we went -- took a team back to New York. Jesse Cohen is the Head of the National Practice and that’s who I’ve been dealing with directly. I think all of the conversations you expect us to be having they’re being had, the conversations are quite constructive. And I think that the most important thing is the issues that we’re all focused on are the right issues. It’s really around making sure that we’re continuing to try to find a way to not only have an identity ventures with Elliott Bluescape but also making sure we’re thinking of the interest of all of our shareholders. So I am actually quite optimistic that the tone of the conversations are good, all the right people are engaged and I remain very optimistic about it.
Steve Fleishman: And then just on the -- you mentioned Moody’s in the 16% to 17%. I assume you’re saying that’s consistent with where your plan roughly gets you to then, that kind of range…
Jeff Martin: I appreciate that question, because we spent a little bit of time at the analyst conference talking about how much time we’ve been spending with the credit rating agencies, a lot of that as you know, was as we approach the Oncor transaction last summer we had laid out our long-term plans with a view of making sure that we can accommodate that type of transaction. So we've always been fairly high touch with respect to the credit rating agencies. But over the last nine months, in particular, it's been a very engaged process. So when we got to analysts conferences, it’s really about laying out the fact that, yes, we're doing all the right things to make sure that we're managing our cash flows and supporting our balance sheet and I've talked about some of those. But it was also about making sure that we got the message across about what impact our focus on the portfolio should have to our risk profile. And I think that's reflected in what Moody's said. So it's probably less about whether we've created a cushion or not created a cushion. We need to make sure that we're executing the way that we've laid it out, because we do think there's a lot of opportunities in front of us and making sure we're very closely aligned with agencies is important to us.
Steve Fleishman: And do you have an idea of when they're going to resolve their review, or outlook?
Jeff Martin: I'll pass it to Trevor.
Trevor Mihalik: They have come out and recently published on us. And as Jeff said, they have given us a period of time as a result of the Oncor acquisition and the Oncor financing associated with that. That over a period of time, we could get to the appropriate equity structure of 6535. And while we have done the equity offerings, a lot of those are under forward contracts. And so the expected proceeds will come in over time. And so the agencies gave us approximately 18 months to get the Oncor financing in place. And then of course it also -- like we said earlier, the proceeds from the expected sale will also have a significant impact.
Jeff Martin: And what I would add to that, Steve, too is I think part of the value here, just like as management communicates with The Street, part of it is making sure that when you sit down to credit rating agencies, you deliver what you tell them you're going to deliver. So just last year we actually exceeded our FFO to debt metrics, which was one of our goals. We set out some goals about the targeted capital structure, not only do we deliver, we delivered it early and that's one of the things we're trying to make sure is that we follow through on these types of things. I think the wildcard continues to be the issues that Stephen raised which is what takes place with the California regulatory environment. So I would expect that the agencies will be very much geared to seeing what takes place in the legislative environment. And that really was one of the wildcards that was not factored in last fall when we were talking about the Oncor transaction. So part of this is to stay closely aligned, deliver what we think is some improvements from the legislation going forward. And I think there is some alignment in the state to do that.
Operator: Moving on we'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Joe, I wanted to follow-up on the two town developments, obviously, well anticipated. But how does that change the marketing efforts on the Cameron expansion [Technical Difficulty]? And then secondly I suppose in tandem hard to ignore the developments in China around their tariff. How does that impact thus far your efforts across the portfolio of projects you’re pursuing?
Jeff Martin: I'll kick this off and pass it to Joe, but let me just start with Total. I think I may have mentioned this at the conference. But when we were at the World Gas Conference with Octavio and Joe, we have a chance to have dinner with Patrick Pouyanne at Total. And I am personally impressed with them as a company. I said him up in my prepared remarks I think it's a very well led company. And I think they have a very ambitious view of an integrated natural gas strategy. They've targeted having about 40 million tons per annum as part of their portfolio by 2020, both balanced between roughly half of that being equity owned gas. So that’s a conversation we’re going to continue. And I think we’re glad to have them as a partner at Cameron. And certainly, they’ve even said publicly that they’re very interested to participate in the expansion process there. So as you think about the marketing activities, I view Cameron, one, is more of relationship management and advancing the interest of our existing customers at that facility. And then in terms of the larger issue you’re raising about China and tariff issues, at this point, it’s tough to -- maybe even premature to forecast the impacts of that. But I think what I am a little bit confident about is LNG is an important part of China’s future. We certainly see that as the key field that will help push coal off of their grid. And frankly, the United States will always be one of the lowest cost suppliers and we think this just bodes well for the future. But I’ll pass it on to Joe to see if he’ll make any more comments about the marketing impacts.
Joe Householder: I think you pretty much summed it up, but I will say in a number of conversations that I had with as they were working with us to request all they approvals needed to make that acquisition. They emphasized a number of times that they really only did this because they wanted to have the access to the expansion. And so they’re very open about that and want to engage in that topic. And I had some conversations with some other partners and I think we’re all starting to see that, especially as we see one, two and three coming toward . And so our focus is staying on one, two, three but I think we have to start engaging in discussions around that. And I think that Total will bring a lot to that discussion. And I don’t have anything else to add on the tariffs evolving…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then maybe can I just bring it back to another issue to get a little bit more clarity on the credit side. Obviously, the 16% to 17% thresholds mentioned a couple of times here. But it’s predicated in part on the business mix change I presume. What’s the timeframe on the sales, and is that what’s linked here to get the affirmation of the outlook, I suppose separately and distinctly from California resolution? And maybe to tackle on the second piece, to that end in terms of business mix, obviously, you’re making pretty explicit efforts on several of your assets. Should we read by the acquisition of the Chilean assets of late that perhaps that’s maybe firmly off the table?
Jeff Martin: I think there’s about three questions in there, Julien. So let me make a rundown. I think that I would probably decouple this first issue of whether this 16% to 17% is tied to the divestitures. The 16% to 17% is a reformed view by Moody’s about the measures we’ve taken over the last three to five years to reposition the portfolio. So it’s based upon their view of the existing portfolio and really the Capstone investment in that trend line around Oncor. Secondly, I do want to emphasize that how we handle the divestiture is really important to us. There is a fairly wide range of outcomes that could occur there. Our Chief Strategy Officer, Dennis Arriola is leading that divestiture campaign and we’ve been very aggressive rile to shoot to get that moving, so that’s something we look forward to making comments on to in the future. And then to your third question about Chile, it’s definitely not off the table. I think what we’ve tried to say is we’ve laid out a very disciplined phased approach to our strategy about what we’re going to basically articulate, both with our Board and the market in Q1 of next year and then in the following Q1 of 2020. And what we’re trying to do is to say that acquisition is reflected of how you run the business, whether you’re a buyer or seller you’re looking to partner. So we’re going to look at our international business with fresh eyes, I mean the legal term is de novo. We’re going to start from the bottoms up and we’re going to try get to the best possible answer near term and long term for our investors. So there is absolutely nothing off the table that was an ordinary course bolt-on to the existing franchise, which we quite frankly think makes it more valuable.
Joe Householder: One thing I’d say is that that transaction we discussed at our analyst meeting too, so that was in Dennis's slide deck as well.
Operator: Moving on we’ll take the next question from Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: So you just actually did touch on my Chilean question that Julien just asked. But I’m curious whatever decision you guys choose with South America. Is there an opportunity to reach a conclusion and a decision before you built Cameron, or should we thinking about any strategic decision you think about with South America would have to be as you get closer to Cameron?
Jeff Martin: We’ve talked about the fact that we're trying to improve our balance sheet and part of what we tried to explain at the analyst conference was the choreography that there's a timeline that allows you to look more aggressively at the portfolio and that timeline was choreographed against how we repatriate cash today and improve our balance sheet near term. Obviously, to your point Shahriar it’s really an inflection point in 2020 and we expect to have obviously all three trains fully up and running. And that gives us a lot more flexibility with respect to our balance sheet. But prior to that time, you can sell assets like wind or solar once which are not, quote-unquote credit dilutive But as you look at transactions which could be credit dilutive, there are scenarios where those can also be advantageous to our shareholders we just have to choreograph those. And that’s why we laid it out in a three-phase approach. The ones which can be beneficial to our balance sheet today, at least in the near term we've articulated is phase one. And we will look at the South American and international businesses between now and Q1 of next year, because we're getting closer to obviously having each of the trains producing LNG. So there is a certain timeline to that. But certainly we can make a decision on South America prior to the full commission of every train at Cameron.
Shahriar Pourreza: And just let me ask you one last one, because it -- sometimes it’s a source of confusion is. I mean clearly from your slide decks in your prepared remarks. I mean, you echo becoming a premier North American infrastructure company. So that inherently assumes LNG and IEnova remain very strategic to us for Sempra [Multiple Speakers]…
Jeff Martin: Well, I think this goes back to the timeline question as well, which is what we tried to say is that phase one is the opportunity to transact on assets today in North America where we think we can redeploy the capital more effectively. Phase two is going to be bottoms up review of our international businesses with the focus on South America. Obviously, that's choreographed against the strength of our balance sheet. You’ll recall that I described the fact that each of the credit rating agencies have assigned more value to Peru and Chile from a credit standpoint, because of the regulatory diversity and they are very, very high FFO to debt right. So as we go forward and continue to improve our balance sheet, it gives us more flexibility there. And with respect LNG, I think we talked about this. We were very intent on trying to highlight value with our LNG business as part of our TRV vehicle, much like an MLP, as that market went away, we’re going to continue to develop that business. And it’s really, Shahriar about looking for that efficient frontier whereas we develop that business and build scale and greater visibility to cash flows, we certainly would welcome the opportunity to that to market to create value for our shareholders. Joe, would you like to add anything to that?
Joe Householder: These two businesses are important parts of our growth. And since 2012, they created $40 a share value in our stock price and we think that that can be significantly higher. So we think both of those are great infrastructure growth areas. I think there is lot of complementary parts to them and so I think those are keen focus for us. What we do with them over time, we’ll see but I think that for us right now they are priority.
Operator: Moving on we’ll take our next question from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Of the three LNG projects in the growth pipeline, which of the three whether Cameron 4 and 5, Port Arthur and Costa Azul, do you think is further ahead in the process relative to the other ones, and why?
Jeff Martin: Well, I’ll take a shot at this Joe and you can chip in with me. But I think what’s interesting about your question is each of them have their own unique attributes from a marketing standpoint. I described in an earlier question that the Cameron expansion feels more like a relationship management issue. Obviously, we’re focused on getting trains one through three done, that’s the laser focus of our entire LNG business obviously. But having Total in the mix now, I think makes it more important that we’re building great relationships with those three customers, being able to build trains four and five will be a huge opportunity for us. On the West Coast, clearly as you see more and more natural gas coming out of the Gulf. It’s pretty intriguing if you can actually develop a project where you can access San Juan or Permian gas and take it off the West Coast of North America. So as you can imagine, those people that want destination flexibility want to have a shorter time to the Asian markets without going through the Panama Canal and the issues there. That certainly is drawing a tremendous amount of interest. And frankly, Port Arthur is very well situated geographically. There are lot of folks who understand the value of the Port Arthur, particularly as you saw some affirmation of that Michael with the recent HoA we signed with Poland, which by the way, most people were surprised to see that that was a 20 year agreement. So I think each of these three facilities provide some unique marketing advantages. One of the things that’s intriguing before I pass it to Joe is much like back in the IPP days Mike when you used to talk about system sales that was how the California Department of Water Resources contract was structured, there's a lot of interest in some of the conversations with Octavio’s team is having around participating in more than one project, which I think is also interesting. And Joe, perhaps you can add some color to the question.
Joe Householder: Michael, I think I’ve said this before. We don’t particularly prioritize them that way, because each of them has a little bit different situation and each of them has a lot of interest, as Jeff was saying. And so when we were at the World Gas Conference, Jeff and myself with Octavio and some of his team, we talked to a number of different important buyers who each have different interest in them. So clearly, there are some at Cameron we have permits. At ICA we have permits. We’re working on and hope to finalize our permit at Port Arthur this year. We’re working with EPC contractors now at both the other facilities. And so each of them is a little bit different, we like them all and don't prioritize one over the other in like we want that one first and put all the team on that one. At this point, we're looking at all of them because they all have good opportunity.
Michael Lapides: And can I ask just a question about ICA, regarding the energy , meaning the pipeline infrastructure in Mexico needed to get Permian, let's say, Permian gas over to ICA. Just curious how difficult, how easy or hard would it be to actually permit those. Do you have some of the same issues that some of the other developers, folks like TransCanada seen getting pipelines built in Mexico? Just curious in terms of how realistic this is.
Jeff Martin: Well, I would just say, we talked a little bit about the mid-scale project, Michael, which is 2.5 Mtpa. We expect to use existing American pipeline system for that by enlarge to get it to this part of the country. If we go to the larger scale project, which is 11 Mtpa, we expect that that’s probably a new pipeline. I don't think we've determined yet whether the route is most efficacious to bring it across Northern Mexico or bring a portion of it across the United States. But I can tell you the key is having access to Permian. If you can actually do that in a way that's cost effective and basically launch LNG off the West Coast, it is hugely -- has a lot of interest from the market. Joe, you want comment on the pipeline?
Joe Householder: I would only add on to that. We've built in or partnered with 11 of the 14 pipelines built in Mexico, so we have not had a problem getting them permitted.
Operator: Moving on we'll take our next question from Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: What's the impact of the recently announced and potential future Chile investments on the expectation for cash repatriation from South America? And what's the return profile for the recent announced projects?
Jeff Martin: I'll pass it to Trevor. Go ahead Trevor.
Trevor Mihalik: Right now the repatriation that we announced with $1.6 billion over five years with, call it roughly 400 to 500 coming in 2018, none of that cash is coming from Mexico, that's all cash coming from Chile -- or none of its coming from Chile, it's coming from Peru and Mexico. So the cash and we're going to be using for the investment in that transmission lines is just cash that is the cash in Chile.
Jeff Martin: The second part of his question was the return expectations, it's immediately accretive and Dennis you want to add anything to those investments?
Dennis Arriola: We look at this and one of the things that we really liked about this was that is strategic, because the operating assets are actually part of our system right now. When you look at the vast majority of the transmission assets there, they are already associated with our, so there's their synergies there. But from a return perspective, we were -- I think we're smart about it. We're looking for double-digit leverage returns, high single-digit unlevered returns. And again, we're using existing cash from our business. This is a good investment regardless of whether we continue to stay in the country and grow, or if we decided to monetize in the future it only enhances the overall value.
Joe Householder: The only thing I would also add to that is that these assets are in into service territory as well, so it's a natural follow on.
Ryan Levine: Are there any additional opportunities in Chile?
Dennis Arriola: We're looking at it. Obviously, given where we're located outside of Santiago, there are some additional add-ons. We're continuing to look at some of the zonal transmission bids and the national ones. But again, we're only going to do this if it makes sense or if it’s complimentary to our existing system. We’re not just going to go chase an investment because it’s in the country of Chile.
Ryan Levine: And could you comment on the current appetite for additional U.S. acquisitions?
Jeff Martin: We don’t comment on M&A generally. I think that what we’ve laid out right now is we’ve got a fairly aggressive capital program going forward. We’ll continue to look at things if we think it’s strategic to us. I think we’ve been very clear about the types of things we’re interested and particularly in transmission and distribution, so that’s an area we’ll continue to follow. But I think we’re really focused Ryan on executing our plan and we’ll stay close to the markets which are most important to us which are California, Texas and Mexico.
Ryan Levine: And then regarding the ICA mid scale project, what’s the current outlook for permitting for that project? And are there any developments on that front?
Joe Householder: We basically have the full permit for the larger scale project and we’re working with government agency to modify that to accommodate this and hope to do that over the next couple of months.
Operator: Moving on we’ll take our next question from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: So want to just follow up on the asset sale. The $1.87 billion approximately assets held for sale, the vast majority of that I assume is the in wind and midstream and what have you. How much should we think is the tax basis for that?
Jeff Martin: How much you think the tax basis is for what we’re selling?
Paul Patterson: Yes.
Trevor Mihalik: Well again I would just say on the $1.87 billion, the impairment was roughly $1.5 billion associated with that and then 900 after-tax. On the tax basis for those assets, you can assume that the tax basis is actually fairly low in those assets, mostly from bonus depreciation and then also on the wind side associated with a lot of those, and we’ve sold down half of the interest on the wind side through the tax partnership structures.
Joe Householder: And Paul, you know we have large NOLs so it will not be a big cash impact with the tax effect.
Paul Patterson: And then just could you remind us what the earnings associate with those assets are?
Jeff Martin: You can see that we’ve published that at the analyst conference call, so you can see those assets for ’18, ’19 and ‘20 in the guidance ranges because we gave at that segment level. It goes up to roughly -- it goes from about $80 million to $100 million per year on the wind and solar side, and the midstream assets that we’re selling are at a loss today.
Paul Patterson: I just want to see if there has been any change in that. And then just finally on the -- I guess we’ve been having ex parte discussions at the California PUC. And I was wondering if there was any -- if you knew what that was about, or just what is that about, do you what it is about?
Jeff Martin: As you read any ex parte notification and talks about the overall scope of the ex parte conversations and afterwards they make a filing relative to that. And I’ll refer you to the public record on , Paul.
Paul Patterson: I did see the record on it. I guess just wondering if that's a normal thing or I don’t -- I hear you, I’ll just -- I appreciate your comments. Thanks so much.
Operator: Moving on we’ll take our final question from Lasan Johong from Auvila Research Consulting.
Lasan Johong: I’ll just ask two questions. First of all, what's your California risk appetite? And what I mean by that is if you had opportunities to make additional acquisitions or as a muni call for IOU. Is that something that would be interesting? And a follow up to Ryan’s question, and the reason I why ask is obviously PG&E announced that they maybe splitting up the company. My second question is with regard to President Trump's comments to Angela Merkel about importing Russian gas in light of that comment has Sempra seen an uptick in interest from either Eastern Europe or Europe in general for U.S. LNG. And is this something that is real or is it just political?
Jeff Martin: With respect to the M&A question, obviously broadly speaking, we don’t typically comment on M&A. But I’d probably answer it this way that last summer before we have these wildfire issues here in California, we have made the decision that we thought Texas was a great market from a regulatory standpoint, that they had good demographic growth, constructive regulation, and it was something that was a target of interest for us but calls of the T&D focus. But I think that gave us a great opportunity, number one, it gets more regulatory diversity. And given where we're at in our discussions with the credit rating agencies that guides you to thinking where you’d be more focused at this point in time. And then on your second question, we certainly have followed both pipelines in the Germany, both Nord Stream 1 as well as Nord Stream 2, and I think the President has been spot on. I think you go back to the 2014 EU charter there has been an emphasis for the entire EU community to diversify their fuel supply for their energy markets. So I think this is really an opportunity, that’s why we talked about little bit earlier about the importance of Port Arthur and the ability of some of these facilities that we have in the Gulf to access to Western European marketplace. We continue to think that the drivers there are more around energy security and energy independence, which was somewhat different from the drivers that we discussed at the analyst conference for Asia. So we certainly think it’s a political statement that the president has made, the work he has done with the EU is actually quite constructive for the entire LNG industry here in the U.S.
Operator: At this time, I’d like to turn the conference back over to Jeff Martin for any additional or closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: Well, look we’re very appreciative of everyone joining our call today. Per custom, if you have any follow-up questions feel free to contact the IR team and have a great day.
Operator: And that will conclude today's conference. We do thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-07 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Faisel Khan - VP, IR Jeff Martin - CEO Joe Householder - President and COO Trevor Mihalik - CFO Allen Nye - CEO, Oncor
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Ryan Levine - Citi Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Lasan Johong - Auvila Research Consulting Ashar Khan - Visium Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. Now, at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Faisel Khan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Faisel Khan: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Sempra Energy’s first quarter 2018 financial presentation. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. Here in San Diego are several members of our management team including Jeff Martin, Chief Executive Officer; Joe Householder, President and Chief Operating Officer, Trevor Mihalik, Chief Financial Officer, Dennis Arriola, Chief Strategy Officer and Executive Vice President of External Affairs and South America; Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel; Peter Wall, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller, Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor. Before starting, I’d like to remind everyone that we’ll be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the Company’s most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. It’s important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and that we’ll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and the Table A in our first quarter 2018 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I’d also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, May 7, 2018, and the Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide four, and let me hand the call over to Jeff Martin.
Jeff Martin: Thanks, Faisel and welcome to the team. As much as we enjoyed filling your questions in the past, it’s nice to have you on this side of the call today. I’ll start by thanking Debbie Reed and acknowledging the pivotal role she’s played in Sempra’s growth and success. This Company clearly would not be in a position it’s in today without her leadership and vision. Our succession plan was designed to ensure continuity of leadership, and the recent executive appointments demonstrate our commitment to continue our focus on delivering long-term value creation for our shareholders. I’d also like to welcome everyone into their new roles as well as the Oncor team and to thank Allen Nye for joining us today. We were just in Dallas a few weeks ago meeting with our top 200 leaders and could not be more excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. Oncor’s strong, pure play electric T&D business solidifies our footprint in the Gulf region and just as importantly, improves the scale and diversity of our domestic utility earnings. With these changes, I’d like to reiterate that Sempra’s value proposition still holds true. Our team remains focused on pursuing strong growth with the utility like risk profile. We remain committed to maximizing shareholder returns through strategic, disciplined investments, and growing dividends. Lastly, we’re reaffirming our 2018 adjusted EPS guidance of $5.30 to $5.80 per share. In doing so, it’s also important to point out that we’re tracking two non-cash items that could impact this guidance range later in the year. Trevor will cover those later in the call. Please turn to the next slide. As we highlighted on the fourth quarter call, we have four near-term priorities. First delivering on our growth strategy; second, executing on our California regulatory goals; third, ensuring that all three trains at Cameron produce LNG in 2019; and fourth, continuing to analyze opportunities to strengthen our balance sheet to support future growth, which we’ll address in greater detail at our upcoming analyst conference. Let me start first with growth. We have improved visibility into our long-term growth strategy with the closing of Oncor, almost one month earlier than planned. Oncor’s a substantial addition to our business mix and creates a significant platform for us. We’re expecting our portion of Oncor earnings for the partial year of 2018 to be in the range of $320 million to $360 million. Also, you’ll recall that to support that transaction, we executed on a $9.6 billion financing plan. The $5 billion of debt that we raised was approximately five times oversubscribed and the $4.6 billion of equity and equity linked offerings were well over three times oversubscribed. Additionally, it’s worth noting that over 80% of our equity offerings were allocated to existing shareholders. Second, we’re moving forward with our California regulatory priorities. In April, our California utilities submitted updated rate case testimony that includes projected impacts from tax reform. We’re pleased to say that this will benefit our customers through lower projected builds at SoCalGas and through increased wildfire mitigation investments at SDG&E with no expected impacts to bills. Additionally, ORA recently submitted their testimony which keeps the process moving forward. We expect TURN and other interveners’ testimony will be submitted shortly. We’re focused on advancing these rate cases as they will help our California utilities continue to provide safe and reliable energy to the communities they serve. With regard to protections for wildfire risk, we along with other stakeholders continue to execute a three-part strategy to help protect our customers, and just as importantly, help ensure the long-term health of our California utilities. In fact, we’ve seen good progress over the last several months. First, together with others, we’ve helped lead an education campaign with the Governor’s Office, Legislature and Public Utilities Commission. In mid March, the Governor’s Office legislative leaders issued a statement recognizing the need to sign a comprehensive solution to the increased threat from natural disasters and climate change, which includes updating liability rules and regulations around inverse condemnation, recognizing the need to build and operate infrastructure to increase resiliency, examine availability of insurance in areas at risk from wildfires, and needing to modernize utility practice and procedures around fire prevention. Second, there have been positive developments on the legislative front with several bills being introduced. Two notable concepts were introduced in these bills. The first of which was the need to adopt standards across the state to reduce wildfire risk; and second, the need to establish objective and measurable criteria that can form a part of a new prudent manager standard for utilities going forward. While the current text of the bills don’t specifically address inverse condemnation, we and other stakeholders are also looking to separately address this issue in Sacramento. Third, we are making great progress with Cameron trains one through three. To be clear, this is one of our top priorities. We continue to expect all three trains to be producing LNG in 2019. Recall, at the end of last year, we reached a settlement agreement with our contractor to resolve all claims. This was important because it better aligned the parties’ interest with the goal of having all three trains producing LNG in 2019. We continue to believe this agreement puts both the contractor and Sempra in a stronger position to meet the current schedule. We are also pleased with the recent shareholder approval to combine McDermott and CB&I, which we believe improves our contractor’s overall delivery capabilities and financial strength. And finally, on the growth front, IEnova recently announced award of $130 million liquid fuels project with two strong multinational counterparties. The project has 15-year U.S. dollar denominated contracts for 100% of its capacity. It also capitalizes on the continued build-out of infrastructure related to Mexico’s energy reform by increasing fuel supply capacity in Mexico. In turn, this further helps Mexico’s energy mix become more reliable and gives consumers more fuel choices. Please turn to the next slide where Trevor will walk us through the quarterly results. Trevor?
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter earnings of $347 million or $1.33 per share. This compares to first quarter 2017 earnings of $441 million or $1.75 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported earnings of $372 million or $1.43 per share. This compares to first quarter 2017 adjusted earnings of $438 million or 1.74 per share. Let’s turn to the next slide where I’ll discuss the key drivers impacting the quarterly results. I’d like to start off by highlighting our operational performance, which included $22 million of higher earnings at SoCalGas, primarily due to the effect of a lower income tax rate in 2018 on the higher margin of the first quarter, $15 million of equity earnings from our investment in Oncor, beginning March 9th and $8 million of higher pipeline earnings, primarily attributable to assets placed in service in the second quarter of ‘17 in Mexico. Our adjusted quarter results were also impacted by the following, $94 million of higher losses at parent, which include higher net interest expense and preferred dividends and $23 million of lower earnings due to the recognition of AFUDC in the first quarter of ‘17 at Mexico. This was partially offset by $14 million of higher earnings due to the application of revised seasonality in 2018 at SDG&E. I would note however that this does not impact their full-year results. Now, let me talk about two non-cash items that we are tracking that could impact our full-year adjusted earnings guidance, which Jeff briefly mentioned. First, we you’ll recall that our primary foreign exchange-related exposures in Mexico are related to the taxes on our U.S. dollar denominated debt and deferred tax balances. Consistent with prior years, we continue to hedge the monitory positions so our upside and downsides are limited with respect to large currency movements. Related to this, we’ve updated our 2018 FX rules of thumb. You can find these rules of thumb in the appendix. Importantly, we’re closely monitoring the currency movements but it’s still fairly early in the year. Second, we’re continuing to evaluate tax reform and its impact. While the territorial tax system increased the value of our international businesses, we believe the component of it, the global intangible low tax income is impacting us as an unintended consequence of tax reform. A law was intended to prevent transfers of intangible assets to low tax jurisdictions, which clearly is not our case. This quarter, the tax was an $8 million expense with an estimated full-year impact of approximately $24 million. It could also reduce our earnings in future years by similar amounts but declining over time. We’re hopeful that this issue will be fixed with updated regulations or legislation before the end of the year. But until this happens, we’re recording the tax as part of our earnings. Now, please turn to the next slide while I hand it back over to Jeff.
Jeff Martin: Thanks, Trevor. We’re excited to be hosting our analyst conference next month in New York where we’ll be providing important updates regarding our future business plans. We’ll review our overall strategy and vision, updates on each business segment and our overall capital and financing plan including how we expect to recycle capital. We’ve spoken to many of you and consistent with the feedback we’ve received, will be updating our approach to guidance by laying out our earnings expectations for the next three years. In doing so, our goal of this year’s conference is to provide a detailed view of how we plan to create shareholder value well into the future. We hope you will be able to join us in New York. The date of our conference is June 28. And with that, we’ll conclude our prepared comments and stop, to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will hear first from Julien Dumoulin-Smith. Go ahead, please.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi. Good morning. Congratulations. So, a couple of quick questions here. Can you elaborate a little bit further on the pace of sensitivity and just how you think about your set of hedges to the extent at which that they might not necessarily be linear with the previous disclosures? And how to think about the sensitivity impact you’ve just announced just to get that out of the way for ‘18 but more importantly beyond?
Jeff Martin: You’ll recall that we tend to focus on two different baskets, Julien, when we talk about FX as we’ve got the deferred tax assets and into the future we also kind of hedge as we’ve talked about in the past our current monetary liabilities. So, for the quarter, we had FX and inflation impacts of roughly negative $30 million. The two key takeaways I’d give you is you got to remember that IEnova and all those projects are U.S. dollar denominated. So, that impacts how we account for those cash flows. And you can see this in table F. If you look at table F, it gives you a better sense of underlying economics of the IEnova. And the second point to reiterate is it’s a non-cash impact. So, what we do is each year we use some form of costless collar, and that reflects how we hedge our current monetary liabilities. And then, as you think about future years, so the second part of your question, that gets reset every year. So, as you go into next year, those hedges roll off and we hedge the forward year. So, from a guidance standpoint, we don’t think about the future any differently because of results in Q1.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Perhaps just a follow up on that. Obviously, over the last few days, we got some developments in SoCal around some gas pipeline effort. Can you talk about some of the mitigating factors there on that specific project more broadly? And also just maybe, to hit the gas demand question for SoCal, obviously we’ve seen a number of developments throughout thermal projects more broadly. How do you think about gas demand and more importantly gas infrastructure demand in light of the latest pipeline developments with PD?
Jeff Martin: I think you are referring to our pipeline safety and reliability project. And for some context, Julien, this is part of the overall PSEP program that the Commission kicked off back in 2011 where they asked all of the natural gas transmission operators to ensure that these are either pressure tested or replaced pipelines. Typically, these are pipes that are old or vintage that had not been previously tested. And the pipelining question is referred to as we refer to as line 1600. This is one of two lines bring gas north to south into San Diego. It is either old or vintage. And what we’ve done is we’ve filed for that project really under the PSEP program with a view toward replacing the larger diameter pipe. And in this proposed decision, what it appears is they’re focused on that we -- they prefer that we either pressure test it or rescission portions of it, replace portions of that pipe. I think at this point in the process, it’s relatively early. But our goal is just to make sure we work with Commission and staff and stakeholders really around one view, which is to make sure the pipe is safe. So, that’s kind of our approach going forward. And I don’t think I’ll read into it in terms of how we think about gas demand going in the future. We have got over 90% of the state’s heating and cooking that’s done with natural gas. So, this is more about a safety issue, making sure that we are being responsive to the 2011 order from the Commission.
Operator: And now, we will take a question from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Just to confirm what you said earlier that these impacts -- these currency impacts are noncash. So, the ongoing impact on the underlying economic value of the business is really not material, [multiple speakers] right?
Jeff Martin: That’s correct.
Greg Gordon: And then, what form might we -- in order to look forward, so we understand the implications of the potential for clarification on this tax issue? Is that something that the treasury could fix through issuing a rulemaking? Does there have to be a formal legislative patch? Could it be one or the other? Can you explain to us what the paths for clarification on that issue are?
Jeff Martin: I’ll touch and then I’ll pass to Trevor to provide additional clarification. But, this is one of these things that inadvertently came up as part of the overall tax reform package. And the way the calculation works is it picks up companies like ours that actually own controlling interests in foreign jurisdictions. And so, we’re planning on working with treasury to get some technical corrections. But Trevor, you might want to provide additional color for Greg.
Trevor Mihalik: So, yes, we are looking at trying to see if treasury would be willing to work with the companies to get a technical correction on this. Right now treasury is working through it. But if you take it as the black letter of the law, treasury is saying the way the law reads it’s inadvertently and they acknowledge that it’s inadvertently picking up companies. So, we’re looking at a path either through a technical correction or through some kind of legislative fix on this.
Greg Gordon: Thank you. Joe, if you don’t mind, could you give us an update on how things are going vis-à-vis productivity at the Cameron site? There has been some concern that A, at a high level, the unsolicited bid for McDermott could cause some inadvertent risk to your revised transaction, to the revised structure of the deal. And then two, away from your project that CBI recently announced the delay in another project which caused people to then move back and start worrying about Cameron. So, can you give some -- to the extent you can give us some of comfort or color around those things that would be helpful.
Joe Householder: Yes. I was just at the site two weeks ago. And I was there and we had our Cameron LNG board meeting at the site. And we toured the site and I can tell you, it was pretty impressive. There was substantial progress their compared with the last time that I had visited with the other board members from Japan and from France. And we had a very good meeting. We took a long tour. The substantial work going, CB&I and Chiyoda still maintain that they are on the path to get us LNG from all three trains in 2019. It’s looking very good. I was very impressed with the productivity I saw with the number of people there with what they were doing. So that was all going well. As to your question about the CBI McDermott merger, yes that was two weeks ago a little bit of a scare, but both companies voted to approve the merger. So that’s moving ahead and supposed to close on the 10th. So, we expect that is moving ahead. Certainly, when we saw the Subsea offer to McDermott, we all started looking at that and what would it do. But frankly things are going well at the site. So, we were prepared to deal with that, should it have gone that direction. But, I’m happy to say that it’s moving down on the right path.
Greg Gordon: And then, the Freeport delay, is there any reason for us to make a read through there as to the ability of your -- the JV to complete the project on the current schedule?
Joe Householder: Thanks. Look, I’m not going to talk about the Freeport project, but I don’t think there is any read through there. They reported that I can say through the scope, but that wasn’t little bit surprising. A lot of it I think had to do with the floods that they had in Houston which has more impact on them than it had on us.
Operator: And now, we will hear from Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: The recent movement in Permian gas differentials and recent competitor pipeline announcement push out the time line to develop P2K, or is everything moving unchanged?
Jeff Martin: Thanks for that question, Ryan. And congratulations on your promotion. That’s an important project for us. We are monitoring that situation. At this point, we don’t have an update on P2K other than what we’ve said publicly in the past.
Ryan Levine: And then, could you frame the incremental investment opportunity regarding SDG&E’s wildfire, potential wildfire mitigation program?
Jeff Martin: One of the interesting things about that program is we’ve started back in 2007, I think our experience back then has really informed our approach hardening the system, improving our standard operating procedures around wildfire and climate change risk, including I think just probably over half decade ago, actually starting an active program of deenergizing the circuits on a case-by-case basis when we are in extreme weather, and we thought that safety was in doubt. And in terms of the capital programs, the biggest one we have going forward right now is obviously the Cleveland National Forest program that’s between $600 million and $700 million capital project. And what it’s doing Ryan is it’s upgrading over 80% of our 69 kV and above circuits in the backcountry, most of which are in the most dangerous wind condition areas. And moving that from wood to steel poles and they are using wider conductors or spreads, but they will be continuing to assess ways to take and deploy capital, make the system more safe.
Ryan Levine: And then, last question for me, what’s the current outlook for ICA’s midscale projects and what size trains are currently being contemplated?
Jeff Martin: One of the things we are looking forward to doing at the analyst conference is providing full update on each of our development projects. Obviously, over the last three to four years, we have been relatively bullish on that 2023 to 2025 window. So, that’s something we are looking forward to providing updates on. But, Joe, do you want to give a quick update on kind of how you think about the size and the midscale versus the full scale project down in Baja?
Joe Householder: We have the project, as I mentioned before, fully permitted for the large scale facility at this point in time. And we are getting a lot of interest, as I’ve mentioned in the midscale facility that could be done more quickly and get to market sooner. So, we are talking to potential customers on that but also continuing to talk to customers about the large-scale. And we will see through this year how we think about which way to go there, and the site and accommodate both. But, we currently are permitted for the large one we are seeking potentially to have a carve-out of some of that permit for the midscale. So, we could move forward with that more quickly. And that’s what we choose to do. But there is a lot of customer interest for getting the LNG earlier in the cycle and that’s what we are focused on today.
Operator: And our next question will come from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: I’m looking at slide -- and could you remind me the rate base -- the weighted average rate base on an apples-to-apples comparison, so excluding FERC assets for San Diego Gas and Electric? What that was in 2017, the California rate base for 2017 for SDG&E and SoCalGas?
Jeff Martin: We will track that down for you on the call. I’ll give you one feedback is in the revised GRC filing, which we noted, just in terms of eliminating the bonus depreciation for 2019 adds $400 million of rate base in 2019 going forward. And I’ll pass the comparison to Trevor and you can give that feedback to him, Trevor.
Trevor Mihalik: Sure. Good morning, Michael. The rate base for SDG&E at the end of the year for CPUC was about 5.4 billion and for SoCal it was about 5.9 billion. And roughly that’s pretty close to where it is today. They’re roughly equal.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And could you just remind us, that’s a pretty big growth rate year-over-year of I think about ending 2017 versus weighted average 2019. If I think about that as a compound growth rate, that’s a pretty big uptick and then I assume it’s kind of pretty similar as you filed going out into ‘20 and ‘21. What are the biggest drivers of that?
Jeff Martin: I think if you think back over our analyst conference, year-over-year we’ve always been messaging, Michael, around kind of a five year capital deployment at both utilities of around 12 billion and that backs into roughly 1.2 billion a year per utility. And that will vary depending upon the year and the cycle. But most of SDG&E’s investments have come around modernizing its distribution transmission grid. A lot of this has to do with improvement to substations, line extensions, adding to new growth. And some of the capital programs we’ve put in place at the time and honestly, even utility like I referenced to Cleveland National Forest project is a big driver currently. The two SDG&E I’d refer to would be a Cleveland National Forest project and the SOCR project, which is the Southern Orange County Reliability project which was an important upgrade for us. And then at SoCalGas, most of this has been driven by their tip and dip programs as well as some of their PSEP work. 
Michael Lapides: Got it. And how -- in the ORA testimony, it seems there’s multiple things that one could take as a positive. Just curious, how are you looking at the potential for your even settling a rate case? I know, it’s been a long time since we’ve seen a California utility actually settle one. But, you never say never.
Jeff Martin: Well I would start with saying, it’s early in the process and it’s probably too early to read too much into the ORA filing. Two things, I thought that we were somewhat optimistic about which was their recognition of the need, Michael, for a four-year rate case cycle. I think, probably over time, this is probably the path I think California is heading towards. And secondly, they also picked up our request to have two way balancing for wildfire insurance. But to the larger issue is, this is obviously an important rate case for us. It’s one that we’re following closely. You’ll remember being premised around the ramp filing. So, this is really important that we’re kind of trading hierarchy of capital requests regarding what we think is most important from a safety standpoint. And I’ll pass it to Joe to provide some more color.
Joe Householder: Thanks, Jeff. I just wanted to go to your question about settlement. Our history has been that we seek to find common ground with the other parties and believe settlements are efficient and effective for everybody. So, we’d continue to certainly work with the parties towards that end. We think that the other interveners are filing testimony next week. And so, expect for our last cycle when the Commission just wasn’t in a position to move forward on that, we’ve always worked to settle our cases.
Michael Lapides: Got it. One last one, guys, I apologize for monopolizing some of the time. What significant capital investment opportunities that either of the two utilities -- and that aren’t necessarily approved yet today are outside of the TRC filing, meaning might be done in separate side dockets at the CPUC or might be FERC related assets?
Jeff Martin: Look, I think probably the best place for us to address that is probably at the analyst conference. But, one of them we talked about it earlier was the PSRP project which is a Pipeline Safety and Reliability Project that’s between 600 million and 700 million. That’s the one that we got a PD on where they recommended a different solution. Also, when it came up in the ORA filing is issue of OMEC. You may recall there was kind of the put call feature with Calpine relating to the their Otay Mesa. That’s something that could come into our plan depending upon the outcome of that. But, you are right, there will be filings outside of the rate case. Cleveland National Forest was an example. But, in terms of forward-looking projects, those are ones we’ll try to address for you later in June.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Jeff. Much appreciated, guys.
Joe Householder: Just one point of clarification with regards to the GRC, we have received ORA, we just haven’t received TURN. We expect to receive TURN later this month.
Operator: Now, we will move to a question from Paul Patterson Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Just to circle back on the tax thing. Do you guys have intangibles overseas? And is there transfer pricing or transactions occurring or is it just -- could you just elaborate a little more?
Jeff Martin: Yes, Pau. This is the global intangible tax. We don’t really have any intangibles overseas. This thing was designed to target folks that were moving intangible earnings from one jurisdiction to a lower tax jurisdiction. We are not involved in anything like that. We just got controlling interest in foreign companies. And this has inadvertently picked us up. And by the way, it’s hitting other industries beside the utility industry. And that’s why we just want to make sure we get the technical correction as soon as we can.
Joe Householder: Hey, Paul. This is Joe. The other interesting thing is now with tax reform, the U.S. has the lowest tax rate of the countries we are in, so it will make no sense for us to transferring it. But, Jeff is right. I mean, we have intangible technology, but we are not transferring it from one company or one country to another.
Paul Patterson: And then, just on the -- it sounds like, if I heard you correctly, the inverse condemnation issue, you plan to have separate legislation in Sacramento. Is that correct? And just if you could elaborate a little bit more on the timing or how you thought that might show up?
Jeff Martin: Paul, we’ve got kind of this three-tiered approach, so obviously we are going to exhaust our regulatory remedies of the commission related to our WEMA, [ph] request for rehearing. We are also working with stakeholders up and down the states to try to find a legislative solution. I think you saw in our prepared remarks, there’s been several different bills have come forward, some of which are constructive and some of which are less constructive. But in terms of whether we expect legislation this year and next year, our goal to work with all the parties and states to see if we can get something done this year that remains our goal.
Paul Patterson: And do you think inverse condemnation be part of these bills or do you think it will be separate bills? I’m sorry but I’m little bit confused by the statement.
Jeff Martin: The bills have come forward today have not fully addressed inverse condemnation. So, we are hoping to have a bill that comprehensively addresses that. But, I think what’s interesting is, the dialogue across the state now is really starting to recognize that this is not an industrial and utility issue. This is the state of California issue. This has to do with residential owners and whether they can procure insurance. It impacts municipal utilities and impacts insurance companies, the trade unions are involved. So, this is a large issue across the state. And I think what we’re looking for is a bill that comprehensively addresses all the impacts from land use management to liability rules impacting utilities. 
Operator: Next, we will hear from Lasan Johong Auvila Research Consulting.
Lasan Johong: Couple of things. First of all, you had a month and a half to look under the kimono at Oncor. Any surprises, good or bad, or any changes, CapEx changing at Oncor?
Jeff Martin: We’re pleased to have Allen Nye, their CEO join us today on the call, Lasan. And as I indicated above, I attended my first Board meeting there with Debbie who is also on the Board with me. We’ve gone out there and met with their top 200 leadership group. I think, one of the things that’s most exciting is from a cultural standpoint in terms of how they lead that Company, their priorities, their commitment to using capital to lower the cost of Texas consumers is very much in line with how we do business. So, I think just from a starting point, the culture and the fit is going very, very well. And I thought, I might just past it to Allen to talk about anything that he’s seen on the horizon. He is excited about in terms of his capital plan and some of their priorities.
Allen Nye: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. And I couldn’t agree more, after all we’ve been through, we’re thrilled to be here. We agree with you, it couldn’t have gone any better so far. So, thanks for that. With regards to capital, we already have a robust $8.4 billion capital plan over the next five years. We’re in a state that’s growing. There is good growth in our state. We are seeing residential premise growth at 2% and consumption growth around 1.5%, consistent with what we’ve seen in the last few years. So, there is good growth. We’re going through the planning process with our Board and we’ll look at a capital plan again in October. That’s kind of where we are right now and again we’re really glad to be here.
Lasan Johong: Jeff, until Oncor acquisition, most people looked at Sempra as gassy company. Obviously acquisition of Oncor has just dramatically changed the make-up of Sempra. Going forward, do you care whether it’s an -- Sempra is more electric or more gas or do you want to maintain an even 50-50 kind of split or does it matter at all to Sempra and its shareholders?
Jeff Martin: Lasan, it’s a great question. And given your coverage over the last 10 years, you’ll recall in the middle part of last decade, we had a very large commodity business. We had a an IPP fleet in the west that was close to 3,000 megawatts. I think what you’ve seen us do really is pivot over the last five to seven years to be more of an infrastructure company. So, we’ve moved away from all of our combined cycle plants. I think we’ve got one last plant down in Mexicali that we got held for sale. We obviously disposed off our commodity business. And look, we certainly think the whole theme of electrification is a hard trend. We think that natural gas has an important role to play in terms of supporting move toward cleaner energy. But, there is no question that our company is focused on businesses just like Oncor where we can participate more in the infrastructure side of our business and then from a procurement and generation of electricity.
Lasan Johong: So, you don’t care whether that’s from gas or from electric?
Jeff Martin: No, we don’t care necessarily. But I certainly think we have growing interest in a lot of the very positive trends that are taking place around batteries, renewable energy, electrification, transmission and distribution, particularly Lasan, in growing markets like Texas which is a core opportunity for us.
Lasan Johong: Last question for Joe, I guess. You talked about the need for more demand to be filled out in Asia. Does that mean that Sempra is likely to try and do a midscale LNG facility first and then build a larger second phase or would you be doing at -- would you be looking at two smaller midscale opportunities back to back?
Joe Householder: Thanks for that question because it is an emphasis. LNG is definitely a part of our strategy and so gas is important to us. And with respect to ICA, we haven’t made a firm decision yet about how we are going and we are going to use the market to tell us a little bit about what direction to go here. There is tremendous interest in that facility because the buyers do not have to take LNG through the Panama Canal. And so they really would like to see if it’s already built there. And I think the market is going to tell us the right answer. I think we would not be likely at all to build two midscale facilities. If we go to large scale facility we will do that and we could still build a midscale on top of that. If we build the midscale first, we can still go with the large one. There wouldn’t be a circumstance probably where we would do two midscale facilities. They are going be in two different locations on the site.
Operator: And next Ashar Khan with Visium. Go ahead please.
Ashar Khan: Jeff, can I just ask, so I don’t get this wrong because there is a lot of confusion. So, as you correctly pointed out that the currency translation is a noneconomic number for 2018. And as you said in your presentation that you will be providing us with forecast for 2018 and ‘19 and ‘20 at the analyst day. So, will that noneconomic number or the number that you’re showing for this year, the sensitivities, will those sensitivities also have an impact for 2020, because the currency has moved against us, the Mexican currency, since December 31 of last year or is that only in reference to the year 2018 and hence it has no impact when you share with us your updated 2019 and ‘20 numbers?
Jeff Martin: Ashar, let me start with saying thank you for joining the call, and I appreciate the question. The impacts we are talking about are confined to 2018. So, it won’t have any impact. We will update our numbers at the analyst conference and any changes to our rule of thumb. But I’d also mention to you that over a longer period of time, the peso has been weakening against the dollar. So, you go back to the time that we did our IPO of IEnova several years ago, the peso was at a much lower exchange rate. And even since the end of Q1, the dollar strengthened pretty strongly against the peso. So, you’re going to see these types of moves quarter to quarter. But in terms of for in guidance now this confined to 2018. There obviously will be ongoing impacts to the deferred tax assets but primarily what we are focused on is the current monetary liabilities, and that’s a 2018 issue.
Operator: And now, we will hear from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Just curious upon the asset rationalization and rest of the financing plan. First of all, have you had any discussion with the rating agencies subsequent to closing and how did that go and kind of maybe give us a sense of what you are targeting? And secondly, I guess, you could have just done this all with equity. So, if you pursue whether options to complete the financing, it would be better than having done just more equity?
Jeff Martin: Maybe I will give you a little bit of context. But, if you go back, one thing you may want to reference is we have this conversation on slide 14, there is a little bit of the recap of our financing. I think to start with kind of the key takeaway’s we raise $9.6 billion in January. We had innumerous meetings with the rating agencies last fall and as part of that they’ve asked us to kind of target a equity ratio of 65% and that we would fill that out over 18 months or so, which is really the second half of 2019. And if you apply that 65% target ratio against the 9.6 billion, it meant that we were looking to raise roughly $6.24 billion of equity. And you’ll recall we’ve got about $4.6 billion that we’ve addressed so far. So, we’ve got another $1.64 billion of equity. And I use that number notionally. I’m just harkening back to those rating agency conversations. And to your point, yes, we’ve met with the rating agencies this year in New York around both of those issues including how the agencies think about increased risk from the regulatory model in California. So, as we go through this capital rotation process, as we look to optimize our repatriation program and also optimize our internal cash flows and management across our business, our goal is to try to preempt as much of that $1.64 billion of future equity as we can. So that’s one priority. Secondly, one of the interesting observations from the credit rating agencies was how much they valued the diversity of our model. So, as opposed to being a company that has the majority of this assets just in California, they view the acquisition of Oncor and the diversity into another regulatory market quite constructively. And interestingly, Steve, they also felt like the diversification in Peru and Chile also had notable benefits from a qualitative standpoint.
Steve Fleishman: And then, maybe just in terms of on the LNG and Cameron, so any better sense of kind of the timing within 2019 for the trains to produce LNG and just how long is there between starting to produce to being officially commercial?
Jeff Martin: Right. Just as a brief comment, I’ll pass it to Joe, if he wants to add some color. But I said this in my prepared remarks, then this is essentially the top priority for us. We understand, Steve, the impact that this means to us from a credit standpoint and from an earning standpoint. And we have had delays in the past. We are working very aggressively with our partners to stay on track here. So, our fundamental view of turnkey in all three trains next year, so they are in a position to produce LNG is unchanged. But Joe, just because you were at the site briefly, do you want to add any additional color in terms of how we’re thinking about it?
Joe Householder: Look, we’re not going to give a pinpoint date of each. We definitely have dates that we are working toward, but we still have one more rainy season, one hurricane season to get through. So, look, I think, you are going to see the three coming on line earlier in the year, mid part of the year, later in the year. And I think that’s what we are moving toward. As we get closer to having the first phase done, we will be able to give you a little bit more color, but that would be later in the year when we will have more certainty. And then each one takes several months to get the commissioning done and then get into revenue. So, clearly, we are going to have revenues from train one and train two as we move through. And then, the question about train three will sort of be when do they get done, towards the end of ‘19 and we just don’t have a precise date for that yet.
Steve Fleishman: And then, lastly, just thoughts on ability to get new contracts. I think on the last call, you said hope for maybe even MoU sometime by the end of this year, is that still possible?
Joe Householder: We certainly [multiple speakers] that is possible. We believe that’s possible, Steve, and we are working hard toward that.
Operator: And now, we will take a follow-up question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Housekeeping ones, probably for Trevor. Can you remind us the impact that tax reform has in terms of the interest deductibility for Sempra?
Trevor Mihalik: Yes. We put that out last year. Largely, what we said is -- we spoke about the overall impact last year of approximately $0.30 -- $0.25, $0.30 for the impact of tax reform in 2018. But with regard to interest deductibility, it’s largely neutral in ‘18 and going forward.
Michael Lapides: One other thing, can you remind us size at the year-end of 2017 or now the size of the NOL and what kind of cash tax payers Sempra expects to be in the coming years?
Trevor Mihalik: Right now, what we’re saying is we have roughly -- I think it’s a little over 4 billion of NOLs and we don’t foresee being a cash tax payer over the next four, five, six years.
Jeff Martin: Outside of our plan.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, outside of our plan.
Operator: And that will conclude our question-and answer-session. I’ll turn the call back over to Jeff Martin for any additional or closing remarks.
Jeff Martin: Let me just conclude by saying how much we appreciate everyone joining our call. And we’ll hope that you will mark your calendars for the 28th of June to join us in New York. Also, if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact the IR team. Wish you all a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra Energy's fourth quarter 2017 financial presentation. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With me in San Diego are several members of our management team. Debbie Reed, Chairman, President and CEO; Jeff Martin, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Davis, Corporate Group President of Utilities; Joe Householder, Corporate Group President of Infrastructure; Dennis Arriola, Executive Vice President; Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel; and Trevor Mihalik, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our fourth quarter 2017 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, February 27, 2018, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Rick. On today's call, we will review our 2017 results and key accomplishments, both of which highlight an exceptional operational and financial year, and provide a strong foundation for future growth. We believe 2018 will be a transformational year for Sempra with the expected closing of the Oncor transaction, further progression of Cameron and execution of a robust capital plan. 2018 also marks our 20th anniversary. Since our formation, we've continued to strengthen our business with strategic investments that have provided for more than a 600% increase in shareholder value. Later, I'll share some of our key goals for 2018 that should help us continue our strong performance well into the future. In 2017, we exceeded our adjusted earnings guidance. This morning, we reported full year 2017 earnings of $1.01 per share or $5.42 per share on an adjusted basis, well above the high end of our adjusted EPS guidance range, which was $5.30. Also last week, our board approved another 9% increase to our annual common dividend, bringing it to $3.58 per share. This marks the eighth consecutive year we have raised our common dividend and represents over 40% growth since 2013. It also exemplifies our strong commitment to our common dividend, an integral component of our value proposition. I'm also pleased to say that we are affirming our 2018 EPS guidance range of $5.30 to $5.80 per share, which now includes both the anticipated near-term effects of tax reform and the expected positive impact of Oncor. Jeff will review the key drivers of our 2018 guidance a little later on. Please turn to the next slide. 2017 was an exceptional year for Sempra. I want to take a moment to highlight some of the key accomplishments and how we've carried this momentum forward into 2018. First, our full year adjusted earnings increased approximately 8%. The main driver of this outperformance was higher operational earnings across our businesses. Our success stems from our focus on execution, managing our business efficiently, and our ability to find new growth opportunities across our businesses as demonstrated by the approximately $1.9 billion we've added to our already robust capital plan since last year's analyst conference. Second, we announced the Oncor transaction in August and constructed a plan to achieve approximately 80% ownership of this exceptional company. Once closed, this transaction will enhance our business mix and provide increased and more geographically diversified utility earnings. On that note, we're working to close this transaction expeditiously, and have reached a settlement agreement with all 10 stakeholders. The Public Utility Commission of Texas has requested that a proposed order to approve the transaction be drafted and put before them for a vote as soon as March 8. We have also completed the necessary financing and expect the transaction to close soon after Commission approval. Please turn to the next slide. Third, our confidence at Cameron is bolstered by another year's worth of construction progress and a constructive settlement agreement that we entered into with Cameron's EPC contractor in December of last year. The agreement resolved all known and unknown claims through the agreement date, falls within the project budget, estimated contingencies with financing commitment, and aligns the interests of all parties to focus on the goal of having all three trains producing LNG in 2019. Fourth, at our California Utilities, we recently reached a revised settlement agreement regarding SONGS that maintains the outcomes of the original agreement for Sempra's shareholders. If approved by the CPUC, our customers will have added benefits compared to the originally settled case. We also continue to make progress regarding Aliso. As I said on our call this time last year, we've been focused on resolving the remaining Aliso-related issues as expeditiously and safely as possible, including resolving legal claims. This year, we've made a substantial progress, including resuming reinjection to support reliability and collecting substantial insurance proceeds. In addition, we recorded a $20 million expense based upon progress related to a potential litigation settlement with certain parties. As you can see, we performed well financially and operationally, and resolved many key business issues, thereby, mitigating certain risks. We also identified new growth opportunities and made significant progress on the Oncor transaction. Please turn to the next slide. I'll now discuss a few of the important items we'll be focused on in 2018. Regarding Oncor, we expect the final decision as soon as March 8. With respect to Cameron, all parties remain focused on Cameron producing LNG from all three trains in 2019. We've included a photo illustrating Cameron's progress in the appendix for your reference. At our California Utilities, we're moving ahead with the 2019 General Rate Case filings in a timely manner and a substantial amount of the investing we requested, in this case, would be used to further enhance the safety and reliability of our systems. Moving on to California's wildfire situation. We have developed and are executing on a three-pronged strategy, which includes filings on the regulatory front, requesting legislative actions to improve fire safety and provide greater clarity at the California Legislature and continuing operational fire risk mitigation. So far, we have filed a request for rehearing of the CPUC decision and SDG&E's 2007 wildfire preceding. A terribly flawed decision that has created much of the confusion and uncertainty that exists today. If the CPUC decides not to rehear the decision, we will proceed expeditiously in the courts. I think it's important to know that FERC approved full recovery for the same fires and same facts over four years ago. Legislatively, we are joining a broad coalition of interests focused on helping the state fix the multi-faceted problems associated with the devastating fires that are impacting the state's environment and economy. More specifically, the situation demand solution. Specifically, three areas that needs to be fix are, the inconsistency between inverse condemnation and the CPUC disallowing cost recovery; the availability and affordability of fire insurance for utilities, businesses and homeowners; and the establishment of objective and measurable criteria on prudency. Operationally, we continue our decade-long efforts to reduce fire risk within our SDG&E service territory. We believe our efforts to fire-harden our electrical system, to improve situational awareness by utilizing new advanced technologies such as the deployment of 170 weather monitoring stations, and a high tech camera network in fire-prone areas, and to develop strong partnerships and operating protocols with fire agencies, have and will continue to improve the safety of our communities. Lastly, as we do on a regular basis, we are reviewing opportunities to strengthen our balance sheet, to support growth and maintain strong investment-grade credit ratings. Specifically, we're looking at asset sales, having ongoing discussions with the credit rating agencies, initiating our repatriation plan, utilizing the strong and growing cash flows across our businesses, and finally considering aftermarket (11:12) offerings. We will provide additional details regarding asset monetization repatriation and other plans to continue to build our balance sheet at our analyst conference on June 28. Please turn to the next slide, where Jeff will review our 2018 guidance. Jeff?
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. What we're excited about is having the opportunity to build on our success in 2017 and early 2018. Today, we're affirming our 2018 EPS guidance of $5.30 to $5.80. Two key updates have impacted our business since we last discussed guidance. First, on our fourth quarter 2016 earnings call, we projected the overall impact from tax reform in the 2021 timeframe to be generally neutral. Now that tax reform legislation is passed, we're pleased to confirm that our long-term assessment remains neutral to slightly positive. We will, however, encounter near-term pressure in 2018, but expect that to be offset as Cameron comes online. Second, with the progress we made on the Oncor transaction, we're now including it in our guidance. Oncor accretion is expected to be roughly $0.20 per share for 2018. Please turn to the next slide. Next, let me provide an overview of how we think about tax reform. I believe we can all agree that a strong economy benefits all businesses. And since we're strong believers in the need to invest in U.S. infrastructure, tax reform is a clear benefit from that perspective. So over the next few years, you should expect to see us adapt our strategy to take advantage of this new environment. Next, in terms of our domestic utilities, lower federal corporate income tax rates will benefit customers. This should provide headroom for CapEx spending and allow for an easier path to improve safety, reliability and technology, all of which are priorities for us. Second, the new territorial tax system increases the value of our international businesses by allowing greater flexibility to optimize our global capital structure and through repatriation of excess offshore cash back to the United States. Also when it comes online, Cameron should realize $65 million to $75 million of increased annual earnings due to the lower tax rate. Next, let's look back at the impacts of tax reform in 2017. We recorded a non-cash earnings charge of $870 million. About $182 million resulted from the re-measurement of deferred taxes. Approximately $328 million related to the deemed repatriation tax. And roughly $360 million related to the accrual of U.S. state and foreign withholding taxes associated with our planned repatriation of undistributed foreign earnings. To be clear, the last two items are very important. This now allows us to repatriate approximately $4 billion with minimal, if any, expected foreign, federal, or state tax expense. To take advantage of this benefit, we plan to immediately begin repatriating in 2018 and expect to bring back approximately $1.6 billion over the next five years, with the remaining $2.4 billion returning thereafter as the businesses generate additional cash at the local level. Please turn to the next slide. Going forward, we expect that tax reform will have a neutral earnings impact in 2020 and become slightly positive longer term. Next, let me address our domestic utilities. We expect the overall impact to our utilities to be generally neutral, and our customers will benefit from the lower tax rate. As previously mentioned, there is an opportunity for increased infrastructure spending while maintaining customer bills. This opportunity to increase CapEx is not included in our current assumptions. Second, the reduction in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate has the most significant near-term impact. This is a result of the lower tax shield on our corporate cost, which is primarily interest. However, this negative impact is offset as Cameron comes online and as we reduce parent debt levels. Next, in terms of undistributed foreign earnings, we expect no material incremental tax expense related to the $4 billion we plan to repatriate. We continue to view our international businesses having strong growth opportunities, and we're also pleased that tax reform provides improved flexibility to bring cash back to the United States. Regarding interest expense deductibility, we currently assume no limitation. This is based upon our current understanding the application of the law, but could change in the future as additional guidance and regulations are made available. Like many other utility holding companies that are currently not paying cash taxes, we expect to receive lower tax-sharing payments from our utilities. Although the credit rating agencies have viewed this as a negative for the entire industry, we're actually in a unique position to be able to mitigate much of this impact through our new repatriation program. In summary, here's what's most important about tax reform. First, our businesses that operate at a loss are negatively impacted with the largest impact being felt in 2018. By 2020, we expect tax reform to be neutral as our Cameron LNG facility comes online and increasingly positive over time. In terms of repatriation, this is a real positive because we now have improved flexibility to bring back $4 billion with minimal or no expected tax expense, and we'll be updating our work with the credit rating agencies this spring with the intent of providing a clear view of how we plan to strengthen our balance sheet over time at our June analyst conference. Please turn to the next slide where I'll discuss our financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter losses of $501 million or $1.99 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $389 million or a $1.54 per share. Full year 2017 earnings were $256 million or $1.01 per share. This compares to 2016 earnings of $1.370 billion or $5.46 per share. On an adjusted basis, full year 2017 earnings were $5.42 per share. This compares favorably to our 2016 adjusted earnings of $5.05 per share. Next, please turn to the next slide. The 8% year-over-year increase in adjusted earnings was driven primarily by higher operational earnings in 2017, including $44 million of higher CPUC base operating margin, net of operating expenses, and AFUDC equity at SDG&E; $24 million of lower losses at Sempra LNG & Midstream; $16 million of higher earnings from PSEP and AMI at SoCalGas; and $8 million of higher operational earnings in South America. Please turn to the last slide where I'll hand it back to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Jeff. 2017 was another successful year for Sempra. We were able to exceed our 2017 adjusted earnings guidance, while positioning ourselves to make 2018 a transformational year. We also affirmed 2018 EPS guidance and increased our annual common dividend by 9%. All of this can be attributed to execution of our operational plan and leveraging our growth drivers to add significant incremental investments. We look forward to carrying this momentum through 2018 and beyond. Before closing, I'd like to recognize Steve Davis, whose retirement we announced back in September; and Rick Vaccari, who will also be retiring in March. Together, they have contributed over 50 years of experience at the company. On behalf of the team at Sempra, we wish them both great happiness in retirement. And with that, we'll conclude our prepared comments and stop, to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Julien. How are you?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good. Thank you very much. Congratulations, Rick and Steve. I just wanted to step in real quickly and ask you, first, on the California backdrop. Can you elaborate a little bit more on your thoughts in terms of where this would go from a legislative perspective, first, with respect to any specific governance (20:40) efforts, and then also with respect to any kind of omnibus legislative efforts?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I think the timing of your question is great, Julien, because yesterday, Assemblyman Holden had the Utilities Committee come together, and President Picker from the PUC testified before, as did the Head of the PUC staff. And the two things that really came out of that meeting yesterday that I think are significant that we're starting to see as real changes are an urgency to resolve the issues of inverse condemnation and a recognition that there are several factors that impact the cause, the scope, and the spread of fires, and it is irrational to place all of that burden strictly on the utilities. And that was kind of the tone of the meeting yesterday, which I think is a real positive in terms of the focus on what needs to be done to correct that. One of the things they did yesterday is that the Commission's staff presented some of the best practices, and they relied heavily on the practices that SDG&E has put in place since the 2007 fires, with the use of technology and the actions to look at proactive deenergization when there are risk issues and all. So, I think two things are happening. I think that there is a focus now on having to resolve this inverse condemnation issue legislatively. At the conclusion of the hearing, they asked that the PUC attorneys work with the attorneys for the Assembly, and look at if they're interpreting the legal issues the same. So, I think there's going to be some movement in that area. And then further, I think this focus on what the utilities can control is the best practices and having the focus be on do the things that you can control, and then the state needs to have a more – a broader look at what can be done to reduce the fire risk, to improve our firefighting efforts, and a whole variety of issues that needs to have a comprehensive solution. But I thought the hearing yesterday was a real positive sign of more attention and urgency.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. And then just following up on the guidance for 2018, I think I heard you right at $0.20 of accretion for Oncor. Can you elaborate a little bit more? I know this may be a little early days on how you're thinking about that. And then separately and probably related, what's the pace of capital spending you all are thinking about of late? I know this may be a bit preemptive, but obviously there's a few different moving things happening in Texas of late.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. If you look at Oncor, the $0.20 that we used for this year was to kind of give you a sense of how we offset some of the tax reform implications, and we detailed that in our slides. And Oncor helps us meet a portion of those impacts for this year from tax reform. But the great operations that we've had from our businesses, and you saw the results in 2017, and that was really all of our businesses just performed exceptionally well. So, we see that continuing on until 2018. And I'm going to turn it to Jeff to talk about any more of the details around the Oncor and how we're looking at CapEx going forward. But we basically share with you, for Oncor, about $8.4 billion is part of their plan over five years. But they're looking at things that they can do in their business that may lead to, over time, some increases in that, especially in terms of some technology.
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Hey, Julien. Good morning. As you think back to our analyst conference last spring, you recall that we rolled out a $14.2 billion on balance sheet capital program. We had probably (24:43) another $1.8 billion off balance sheet. As Debbie indicated, that excluded the new $8.4 billion of capital spending, of which obviously 80% of that would be accounted for us related to Oncor. So I think that gives you some sense of going forward. You're probably looking at something close to $3 billion per year with about $2.4 billion of that is a run rate for our utilities. But obviously, we will update that with a little bit more clarity in June. In terms of the accretion around Oncor, we're obviously moving away from the metric we've used in the past, which was kind of provide a four-year average. But as part of our 2018 guidance, we thought it was appropriate that we could give you our expectation, obviously the closing date is uncertain. There's a few things moving around, but we've approximated the accretion at $0.20 this year. It could be a little bit more or a little bit less, but keep in mind that that also is for a partial year.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. The other thing, Julien, I would add to what Jeff said is that after our analyst conference last year, we already identified $1.9 billion of incremental CapEx spend. And that's detailed on slide 17 in your packet. And as you know, when we do our plans, we do it a little bit differently than others. We only put projects in those plans that we already have under contract or that are consistent with our regulated business approvals. So, since the analyst conference, we've identified more upside opportunity in terms of the $1.9 billion.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But let me just specify this, if I may, the $0.20 of accretion you're talking about for this year and, obviously, it's a partial year, does that reflect the change implicitly higher versus the four-year average you previously articulated of $0.10 to $0.20, like on a go-forward basis, obviously lots of moving pieces?
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I appreciate your question. I think the four-year average was what we felt comfortable doing in the fall, because we have lots of moving pieces, Julien, right? You've got issues about when you sell your forwards at what price that the preferred actually transacts at in 2021, the date of closing, so there's a series of things involved here. On a going forward basis, now that we're putting Oncor in our guidance for 2018, that $0.20 number could be slightly larger or less than that. But there really isn't any fundamental change in terms of how Sempra is thinking about it, to the heart of your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Excellent. Thank you.
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks, first off, I also wanted to...
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Good morning. I definitely wanted to give a hearty congratulations to Rick and Steve, both. I've been doing this an awful long time and they make me look like I'm a newcomer and they've certainly always been kind of happy (27:33) professionals. So congratulations, guys.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: That is quite a compliment. Yeah. That's quite a compliment.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I know that, Jeff, that you tried to wave us off a little bit here on page 10 when you say that you might need additional equity, but you want to cover that at the Analyst Day.
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Right.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: So let me ask the question a little differently. How much does your FFO to debt metric come down, all things equal, given the $240 million per year less of tax sharing? And what are other things that may be impacting your FFO to debt metric? And what is the target that you're seeking to achieve in 2019 or 2020? And then what are the levers you can pull that would cause you to not need equity to make that number?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Okay. Let me start and then I'll turn it over to Jeff, because I think the thing that you have to realize with us is different than other utilities is we have Cameron coming online in 2019 and a full year of operation in 2020. And the earnings from Cameron now with tax reform go up by $65 million to $75 million above the $300 million to $350 million we told you. So, one of the things that we're trying to do is work with the rating agencies to look at the significant event that occurs. And tax reform created one event, but that event is really reversed a lot when Cameron comes online in terms of our FFO to debt. And we started working with the credit rating agencies very extensively as we were dealing with the Oncor (29:29) transaction and kind of looking at how our portfolio changes over time, how the cash flows change over time and how our FFO to debt changes over time. And when Cameron comes on, there's significant improvement in our FFO to debt. Further, last year, when we did our plan for FFO to debt, we far exceeded the plan that we had and the cash flows from our ongoing operations were exceptional. So, one of the things that we're trying to do, and the credit rating agencies have been willing to work with us, is trying to look at this whole pattern over time that we have for our business and look at the way to maintain our credit ratings over that period of time. And part of that is looking at capital rotation. It's been the repatriation. It's looking at better cash flows from our existing businesses, which we achieved last year and all of those things coming together. And until we put all of those things together in a comprehensive way, I will tell you that's the sequence. And then to us, that's the sequence, and then you look at equity at the end of that. And so, that's the process we're going through right now. And I just want you to understand that that is the process and we'll be ready to go through that with you at the analyst meeting, because we're going through that right now with our board. So Jeff, do you want to add?
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I think that, Greg, there were multiple parts to your question and between Debbie's response and mine, please let us know if this kind of satisfies most of what you're asking about. But to Debbie's point, we did extensive work with the rating agencies last fall. We have some more work to do this spring. But I think you recall that as we looked at the Oncor transaction, we had really forecasted to being able to hold investment-grade-plus ratings at both S&P and Fitch, with the likelihood that we would probably be investment grade flat at Moody's. I don't think our assessment has changed since then. Also as part of that work, we really were targeting to maintain those ratings and they were going to allow us some time to get to the optimal debt to equity ratio for the transaction. And you'll recall, we talked about that being completed by December of 2019. So to Debbie's point, relative to Oncor, not tax reform, we really had kind of a runway to work through the debt to equity ratio and how we balance that for Oncor through December of 2019. Now, as we finished 2017, Debbie's spot on, we really had very, very strong years on FFO to debt last year, one of our best years ever. We were well within the investment-grade-plus thresholds for all three agencies. But the point that you're on is that by reducing the tax-sharing payments, it is a negative for us. But to Debbie's point, that really doesn't start showing up until 2019, Greg, based upon how we're balanced in California and what our expectations are. And when you get to 2019, that's when you're starting to see the three trains of LNG go into production. So, I think there's a little bit of a timing mismatch in 2019. But we've got a plan that we're going to execute on with the agencies this spring. Debbie laid it out, the process we're going to go through. I'm quite comfortable that by the time we get to the analyst conference, we can provide a lot more detail about our expectations.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. That's directionally clear. I appreciate it and look forward to more details later. Thank you.
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you, Greg.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Great. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hey. First, congrats, Rick and Steve. Best of luck. And so, on the one technicality on the Oncor data and tax reform. How are you treating the debt issued for Oncor? Is that in your tax reform impact or that's just in the Oncor benefit?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Jeff.
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: We think about that – I would just go through this with you really quickly, Steve. But as the starting point, you recall that interest in our utilities is largely excluded. The rest is subject to the 30% EBITDA limit. We certainly expect – I think this is part of what you're hearing in the call – to lower our parent debt over time. And as part of that process, we'll be allocating parent interest to our subsidiaries with a view that anything that's left over can be carried forward kind of given the strength of future cash flows from Cameron. But to your specific point, our view of the guidance thus far on acquisition debt is like Oncor, like we're talking about for Oncor, is expected to be excluded similar to the utilities.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Then on the repatriation of $4 billion, can that be done without asset sales or is that – embed some amount of asset sales in there?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: What we've looked at, as we said, for this year, about $500 million to come back of cash that we have offshore, know our (34:21) asset sales are part of that $500 million and then about $1.6 billion over the five-year plan period, which includes that $500 million and that doesn't include any asset sales. But the headroom up to $4 billion that we have prepared for would allow us down the line to sell assets or businesses. And to the extent that we had already covered the tax on that $4 billion, then they would not be taxed again. But in terms of our plan that we laid out, we don't have any asset sales currently in that, and that's the work that we're going to be looking at.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just lastly, any updated color on the LNG market in terms of potential growth?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, as you can see in the media, it's turned quite positive and there's a lot of interest in the 2022-2023 period. I'll have Joe talk about each of our projects and kind of the interest in the buyers.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Steve. Yeah, as you see as Debbie noted in the market and there was a nice comment from Shell yesterday, the market is getting tighter as the excess volumes are being taken up with improving demand. And also, we're seeing quite an uptick in oil prices, again making U.S. LNG very attractive, and the continuation of a current and future Henry Hub gas price continuing to fall. So, I think the bottom line here for us is, we have three projects that are in good shape, they're in permitting, and they're in marketing, and we feel really good about those. And let me just kind of remind you of what we have and what we're doing, because I think we're a company that actually has multiple projects and all of them we're excited about. So, I'm going to go in alphabetical order. So, read into it that we're staging them in some way. This is alphabetical. So at Cameron, I think that the expansion of Trains 4 and 5 are fully permitted at FERC and DOE. And so, it's a very valuable option for us and our partners, because it's a low-cost build. And our focus today is getting Trains 1 through 3 in service and completed. And now, the probable entry of Total is very positive for expansion, and you've heard their CEO come out and make it public that they are supportive of expanding the facility. And I've had a number of conversations with them on this topic. And so, we're anxious to keep that process moving. I think they hope to get it done by the middle of the year and they just have to work through all the consents. At ECA, the one that's just 40, 50 miles south of here, we have a proposed large-scale facility for 12 million tons. It received all of the major permits in Mexico in December. We today – because of market demand and a number of very interested parties who we received letters from expressing their interests and continuing conversations happening even yesterday and today in Asia, there's a lot of interest in us building a mid-scale facility sooner. And so we're looking at a 2.5 million ton facility that would fit on to the ECA site and would not preclude the larger facility from a footprint point of view. What we're doing now is evaluating a couple of things. One is, are we confident that we have the pipeline access without building any new pipelines to feed that mid-scale facility and are we absolutely confident that if we build the mid-scale facility we won't have problems making sure we have sufficient permitting to do the large scale and that would require of course a large pipeline back to the Permian. So that's ECA, we're very excited about ECA. And as well at Port Arthur, we have a very excellent location there. We've been working with Woodside now for a couple of years and we've created a really excellent project facility from a technical and gas supply perspective. It's going to be highly reliable and safe and economical, which is what the customers want. We think the LNG unit costs are going to be lower than at Cameron due to the optimization work we've done with Woodside. And again, we think that the market is good. We have the Heads of Agreement we signed with KOGAS last year and we're continuing to work with them and many other participants. And the marketing teams, as I said, are out in Asia and Europe all the time. So, I think it would be great if we're able to launch at least one of these projects, at least one of them, with HOA this year, followed probably by FID next year. And that puts the production into that window, that ideal window 2023-2024 as the supply/demand curve opens up. So, we're looking good and feeling good about it.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Lapides, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Couple of just nuts and bolty type questions. Just curious, California rate base, you all talked briefly on today's call about how tax reform could lead to incremental investment opportunities without it negatively impacting customer rates. Can you give a little bit more disclosure on what are the opportunity set areas you're thinking about?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, as you know, we just filed our rate case, Michael, and it was the first rate case that we've had at our utilities that uses the Risk Assessment mechanism, RAMP, as it's called, to identify and prioritize spending in our utilities. None of that is in our plan. As you know, when we do our financial plan, we take what our last rate case is. We look at the attrition levels that have been authorized, and that's how we plan going forward. So I think as we look at it, we had a pretty robust rate case request that was driven by this Risk Assessment mechanism. We think with the tax benefits that flow through customers, that will create a reduction in rates that hopefully will allow (40:30) the Commission to approve the kind of request that we have in our rate case.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And when I look at the rate case docs, one of the things that hasn't happened yet is when you filed the case, bonus depreciation was still expected for the next couple of years. Obviously, with tax reform, that's gotten pulled out. Just curious, like if I just took your rate case request, how material is that to like your multiyear rate base views?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. What I have is just the impact in 2018 and 2019, because we had assumed bonus depreciation was going to be going away over the timeframe phasing out (41:05). So in 2018, it gives us about an extra $100 million of rate base, and then in 2019 about $200 million of rate base. But as I said, when we do our planning, we don't put any of the future years in the planning. We just use what we have authorized with the attrition. And when we do our five-year plans, we carry that out on that basis, and we do not put in the incremental request that we made.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And I have one – and this maybe a Jeff question, one around Oncor, because you made the comments about no longer kind of anchoring to the $0.10 to $0.20 four-year average accretion. In your year-one accretion, you've kind of pegged at $0.20 or so, plus or minus a little bit. Just curious, are you seeing the potential to where Oncor – either due to synergies, due to growth projects, due to kind of the limited lag, due to the DCRF and TCOS, are you seeing where Oncor could even be more – significantly more accretive than when you first entered the transaction?
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Michael, I appreciate the question. I mean, obviously, we've entered into our merger agreement back on August 21 and there were probably – I'm making the number up – 30 different variables that impacted how we thought about the business economically. And as you went through the last six months, obviously, our stock price changed. But at the same time, they finished their rate case, right. So, you added a lot more certainty for them to finish their rate case in November. Their overall capital program has gone up. Our assessment of their NOL position had increased. We had forecasted last summer some contingent liabilities. That amount has declined over time. So there has been some puts and takes over the last six months, but I don't think we think about the business fundamentally any different. We think, from a strategic standpoint, it gives us reach and scale into what we think is probably the most important energy market in the country. I think that the accretion numbers we've given you for 2018 is really reflective of how we felt about the transaction previously. So, it's not like we're looking at it fundamentally different. We're just kind of zeroing in now with less variables. You still have things out there, Michael, about what price does you preferred convert at, when do you unwind some of your equity forwards and at time it is, and what the timing of closing is. But we feel pretty comfortable about the transaction generally from an accretion standpoint. But probably more than anything else, we're excited about it means in terms of giving us a really nice growth platform in the Gulf.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And if you don't mind, one more. What's your target, either FFO to debt or debt to EBITDA? Like, where do you want to be, even if it's a couple of years post-Cameron or like what's your long-term aspiration?
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I think the way that I would speak to that is I think we're very comfortable that we want to be an investment-grade-plus company. We indicated earlier on the call that we were well within those thresholds for all three agencies earlier in the year. I think if you look back at our Q4 results, we've got a debt ratio of roughly 56%. We've got about $19 million (44:23) of total consolidated debt. And across our five-year planning period, we feel more comfortable at or below 50% from a debt ratio standpoint. And I think that we'll continue to work on our FFO to debt. The challenge you have with that question, Michael, is the overall business risk profile is also changing. So, that comes lower as you add a quality asset, like Oncor. And similarly, the quality of the cash flows from Cameron impacts that. So, conceptually, the overall business risk profile should be declining at the same time that you're working through these competing items of lower cash tax-sharing payments with the addition of Cameron coming online here in the next 18 months.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, Jeff. Thank you, Debbie. And Rick, Steve, congratulations, guys.
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you, Michael.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: And our next question is from Shar Pourreza, please go ahead, with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Hey, guys.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: So just sort of thinking about, again, just incremental accretion opportunities for Oncor and, again, not to preempt things. But with deal closure sort of around the corner, what are your thoughts on looking at acquiring the TTI piece? And also, a little bit more curious, as you manage this business over the next few months or years, do you see sort of an opportunity to request a removal of the ring-fencing provisions in time, and maybe look at recapitalizing, especially in light of the structures your peers are afforded in and out of the space (45:51)?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes. Let me just address the TTI portion first. And, as we have expressed multiple times, we think TTI's interests are very much aligned with our interests. So, we are happy to have them as a 20% owner. But should they decide that they wanted to exit, we definitely would want to have an opportunity to consider the purchase of their share. And so that we think we are fine with the 80% ownership and TTI as a partner. We've met with them on a couple of occasions. They have the same kinds of interests about growing that business. There's no disconnect between ourselves and them in terms of how they look at that business. Of course, over time, it would be great if they decided that they wanted to exit, that we would have an opportunity to step in and own 100% of what we think is a preeminent company. In terms of the growth opportunities on Oncor and the ring-fence, we have accepted those terms with the parties. And what we think we need to do is we need to show those parties over time, through our exceptional management of this company in conjunction with the Oncor management, that those kinds of protections are not going to be needed over time and that we can live with all of them. We spent a lot of time looking at them. We don't think that they're going to impact materially how we do our business with Oncor. However, none of the other utilities in Texas have them. And we don't like the idea of having something that other parties in the state wouldn't have on the long term. But I don't think that as we look at those elements, I don't think it will change at all how these businesses perform. And the management of Oncor, the board of Oncor, we all have great alignment in terms of how this business needs to grow. And we see great growth potential in the Texas market and in Oncor itself. So, we are very happy that we're getting close to closing this transaction. We think it will be a tremendous investment for Sempra shareholders over time. And if nothing changes, we can live with it. But over time, if we can make some changes to the structure, we're more than willing to do that.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: That's helpful. And then just as you guys think of projects like ECA, can you sort of give us any thoughts on what you're seeing in Mexico and sort of these potential reforms and the impact to IEnova assuming like AMLO wins. It's clearly kind of been a bare argument around the story. So, what are you sort of seeing with boots on the ground there?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. In fact, I'm going to have Joe talk about that, because he was in Mexico just a few days ago and there was a lot of discussion about Mexican elections, about NAFTA and about our investments there. And I will just say we feel pretty darn comfortable with where we are and what Mexico needs going forward, and not thinking that there's going to be a lot of change. But Joe can add some more color from being there.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Sure. Yeah. I think the overall theme is, our business strategy there, in Mexico, at IEnova, are with Mexico's efforts to reduce the cost of electricity and fuel to all of its consumers. And we believe that those efforts will continue and not change, regardless of which candidate is elected to be the next President of Mexico. And I think it's too early to tell who will win that. But we feel really good about the business. I'll come back to ECA in a second. And we're doing what we can to help the consumers in Mexico. And the one thing to remind yourself is that it requires two-thirds vote in the Houses and 51% of the states to overturn the energy reform. That's a high hurdle. But remember, the most important thing for you to take away from this is almost everything we've done in Mexico didn't require energy reform. We were doing the pipelines. We had the regas terminal. We had our utility businesses. Almost everything we've done down there didn't require energy reform and wouldn't be upset by that. So, it's something we don't want to see happen, we don't think will happen, and we're very involved. I've been quite involved with Dennis Arriola in our Washington office and people in Mexico on NAFTA and reminding all of the secretaries in each of the three countries how important it is. We'll see where it goes. But go back to ECA for a minute. Look, you might remember that PEMEX has been, for the last couple of years, our partner in trying to help develop the ECA site, and now we have a new agreement with them where they're not going to participate anymore. But going forward, IEnova and my LNG team, we're working together on trying to turn that into a liquefaction facility. However, remember, until 2028, we have great contracts for the regas terminal, and we want to keep those in place. They provide substantial EBITDA and earnings for us. We think there's a good opportunity here. And as I said, we just got the permits in December for the large-scale facility, and we do not see any problem with those despite whatever the election results are.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Got it. And then just maybe one question for Jeff. On the asset sales, the $1.6 billion, can you just maybe help narrow down what the asset and maybe the geographic footprint, or is it sort of – with sort of the tax reform advantage of repatriating, should we think about more of those asset sales will come from foreign investments?
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you. I think the key part of your question is that both – how we think about repatriation and capital rotation. These things will go together this spring in terms of the analysis we're going to do. But I think this is a process on capital rotation, you'll recall that we do periodically. If you think back to 2016, we decided to divest Rockies Express and Mobile Gas. We went through a very similar process then, and our strategy really, as Debbie has articulated in the past, is we look at asset by asset whether it's meeting our return expectations, number one. And number two, does it fit into our portfolio as we continue to try to high-grade our investments around things where we have a lot of transparency to really visible growth. So, I think that's the process we'll follow. It's something we've done before. And I think between now and the analyst conference, we'll be able to optimize both, both the repatriation piece as well as capital rotation. Trevor, you want to anything?
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I just want to say that the $1.6 billion that we have that we talked about really is not part of an asset sale. That's just the repatriation of cash that's offshore right now, and the ongoing earnings coming from those businesses. So, that $1.6 billion is not earmarked asset sale.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Terrific, guys. Thanks so much.
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ms. Debbie Reed, at this time, I would turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, thanks again for joining us today. And if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact the IR team. Rick is still working today, so if you want to give him a call, I'm sure he'd be happy to answer some of the questions on his final day. And thank you for joining us. Bye-bye.
Operator: And this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-30 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead.
Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra Energy's third quarter 2017 financial presentation. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With me in San Diego are Debbie Reed, Chairman, President and CEO; Jeff Martin, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Davis, Corporate Group President of Utilities; Joe Householder, Corporate Group President of Infrastructure; Dennis Arriola, Executive Vice President; Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel; and Trevor Mihalik, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our third quarter 2017 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, October 30, 2017; and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide 4; and let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Rick. This morning, we reported third quarter earnings per share of $0.22 or $1.04 on an adjusted basis. We reported year-to-date earnings per share of $2.99 or $3.87 on an adjusted basis. Based on these strong year-to-date results, we expect to be at the upper end of our 2017 adjusted earnings guidance range of $5 to $5.30 per share. On a GAAP basis, our updated 2017 earnings guidance range is $4.13 to $4.43 per share. Excluded from adjusted earnings this quarter was the impairment of SDG&E's wildfire regulatory asset, which I will discuss later. On this call, I want to update you on actions we have taken to implement our growth strategy, including plans to create value from the Oncor transaction. I will also review our General Rate Case filings at our California Utilities and the requested rate base to continue to run safe and reliable systems. Before I review each of these, please turn to the next slide, where Jeff will walk you through our quarterly results. Jeff?
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $57 million, or $0.22 per share. This compares to third quarter 2016 earnings of $622 million, or $2.46 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported earnings of $265 million, or $1.04 per share. This is in line with third quarter adjusted earnings in 2016 of $259 million, or $1.02 per share. Please turn to the next slide. As Debbie mentioned, our year-to-date adjusted earnings have been strong and are 11% higher than last year. The quarterly variances are explained in the business unit summary section. The key takeaway from our results is that we're on track to deliver strong full-year earnings. And with that, let's move to slide 7; and I'll turn it back over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Jeff. From time to time, it's important for us to take a step back and talk about how our projects and acquisitions fit within our strategy. At our Analyst Conference, we discussed two important strategic goals for Sempra through 2021. First, we expect to deliver roughly double the long-term earnings growth rate of our utility peers. And second, we plan superior dividend growth of 8% to 9%. These were set before consideration of the significant opportunities we've been executing on this year. I'd like to highlight our success in growing our business in the six months since our Analyst Conference. We have captured or filed for approximately $1.9 billion in incremental opportunities that were not part of our plan. We also announced the Oncor transaction, which we expect to be accretive to EPS during our plan period. It also adds a new strategic growth platform in the U.S., while helping us maintain the approximately 75/25 U.S./international earnings mix in our portfolio. And our California Utilities submitted their General Rate Case filings, which seeks significant increases in revenue requirements for 2019 needed to continue providing safe and reliable service to customers. Please turn to the next slide. Collectively, the new projects add approximately $1.9 billion of additional investments. I would like to highlight our most recent project addition. We announced the pending acquisition of Pemex's 25% equity interest in the Los Ramones Norte pipeline for approximately $520 million, bringing IEnova's total ownership to 50%. We expect the transaction to close by the end of this year. Most of these projects come online later in 2018 and beyond, and we expect that they will improve our growth in the latter years of our plan. We have also seen improved operating performance in cash flows from our core businesses. This improved performance coupled with the additional projects should allow us to offset some of the 2019 impact of the previously announced Cameron delay. And just to confirm, there's no change at Cameron as we continue to expect Trains 1 through 3 to producing LNG in 2019. As you can see, since the Analyst Conference, we have developed growth projects across our businesses, and we believe our portfolio mix will allow us to continue to grow earnings at rates roughly double that of traditional utilities, while maintaining a utility-like risk profile. Please turn to the next slide. When you look at our existing platform, it's easy to see how Oncor is a great strategic fit. This business has a strong management team and is focused on achieving above-average growth through transmission and distribution investment that create value for customers and shareholders. Oncor manages a large rate base similar to our California Utilities, and adding it to our portfolio increases Sempra's U.S.-based utility earnings mix. Further, Texas is a constructive business environment with above-average customer and energy's growth. This acquisition provides meaningful expected accretion and also strengthens our expected credit profile in future years, giving us further balance sheet flexibility to continue to invest in growth. I would like to highlight the last point. From the strengthening credit profile provided by Oncor and the ongoing earnings accretion from the transaction, we expect to have $1 billion to $1.5 billion of credit capacity in the outer years of our plan, which should provide us with approximately the same credit profile as we communicated at our April Analyst Conference. The credit capacity could be used to return value to our shareholders through funding of additional growth opportunities, increases and planned annual dividend growth, share repurchases or a combination. Before moving on, I'd like to give an update on where we're at in the regulatory process. We filed our Change-in-Control request with the PUC of Texas on October 5; and on October 12, the ALJ and the staff deemed the application sufficient. On October 16, the Commission approved the schedule of 180 days to resolve the case by early April. Now, we are responding to data requests. And we're optimistic that once we address questions and issues identified in the data request, we could work towards constructive settlements with the key intervening parties. Many of you have asked about our financing. And while we can't answer specific questions, I will say that as we execute our financing plan, we will consider our progress on the regulatory front. We will also consider a wide range of financing alternatives, so we can make the best decisions based on market conditions at the time of our capital raises. Please turn to the next slide. Sempra has a strong presence in the Gulf Coast, with our LNG projects, natural gas storage and IEnova. The addition of Oncor would further strengthen our footprint and serve as a new growth platform to expand our opportunity set. We have a great history of leveraging our platforms and understanding of energy markets to find new opportunities. Examples include development of our current renewables business to meet state RPS standards; and planting the roots for IEnova, which started out with a cross-border pipeline in northern Baja and three small LDCs. Our strategic vision for the Texas/Gulf Coast region is to be a major player in these growing energy markets. We expect the addition of Oncor, coupled with our existing presence in the natural gas market, to position us well to be a leading player in the Gulf Coast and cross-border energy markets. Please turn to the next slide, where I'll review Oncor's opportunities in more detail. Oncor recently had its rate case approved, which authorized a new ROE and capital structure. And Oncor made the commitment to spend a minimum of $7.5 billion over five years. Their current capital plan forecast is for $8.4 billion and is designed to improve service and reduce cost to customers. Some of the things we like about this business are: Oncor is investing in only transmission and distribution projects, so there's no exposure to generation assets which we believe is the right profile for electric utilities going forward; they are making large investments while maintaining the lowest rates in Texas; and they are authorized to recover cost associated with additional projects that are in the customers' best interests through a tracker mechanism without additional approval between rate cases. We believe this is a prudent regulatory mechanism which allow for timely investments to enhance customer safety, operational efficiency, and grid integrity. Not many companies have visibility to both a minimum 5-year capital plan and an approved authorized return on that capital. Therefore, the addition of Oncor will provide Sempra even greater visibility to utility earnings growth over the next five years. In addition to the existing 5-year capital plan, Oncor management has identified additional areas of potential investment which would benefit customers, including: expansion of the transmission grid and increasing the capacity of existing transmission facilities to accommodate low growth and reduce congestion; expansion into new growth regions in the Dallas-Fort Worth area; expedited deployment at smart grid and other technologies; and hardening of critical infrastructure to mitigate storm and other damage and the cost of restoration. Please turn to the next slide. As we were contemplating this transaction, the market opportunities we saw led us to believe we can make both companies better in the future. As you can see on the slide, Texas is a leader in energy and holds the number one spot in many areas. By expanding our business portfolio in the region with the Oncor transaction, we believe we are well-positioned to source additional opportunities in the Gulf Coast and Mexican energy market through the strong relationships, market intelligence and experience we have in one of the fastest-growing markets in North America. Please turn to the next slide where I will discuss our California Utilities' recent rate case filings. I briefly mentioned some developments at our California Utilities earlier, and would like to take a minute to provide some additional details. With regard to the 2019 General Rate Case filings, we requested a 19% and 11% revenue requirement increase over estimated authorized 2018 levels for SoCalGas and SDG&E, respectively; 6% to 7% average annual attrition mechanisms through 2022, which would result in a four-year rate case cycle; and projected investments related to our risk assessment and mitigation filings, which should help ensure continued safety and reliability of our gas and electric systems and increase our rate base over time. We will work constructively to achieve a fair and timely decision to be implemented in 2019. Please turn to the next slide. I would like to discuss the impairment that we recorded this quarter related to the cost from the 2007 wildfires. In August, two ALJs issued a proposed decision denying SDG&E's request to recover cost previously incurred related to these wildfires. We vehemently disagree with the PD. While this is not a final decision, under applicable accounting guidance, we concluded that the wildfire regulatory asset should be impaired. However, based upon the evidence and law, we believe the Commission should rule in our favor. Since this proposed decision, we have had properly noticed ex parte in all party meetings with the CPUC to reiterate our position that the wildfires fall under the construct of inverse condemnation; and that as such, this cost should be fully recovered through insurance and rate. California courts have allowed plaintiffs to claim inverse condemnation against SDG&E for the 2007 wildfires. To date, courts have applied inverse condemnation to utilities, in part, on the notion that utilities can pass through the cost to ratepayers. To further support our position, FERC previously approved, in full, SDG&E's wildfire recovery, considering the inverse condemnation precedent. We will vigorously pursue available avenues to favorably resolve the issue with the CPUC. And if needed, we'll exhaust all available administrative and court appeals. Also, in light of the recent wildfires in Northern California, I want to highlight the proactive steps we've taken over the years to implement a comprehensive fire risk mitigation program to help protect our customers and stakeholders. I'll go through the few of many examples. We installed 13,000 new steel distribution and transmission poles with higher-strength conductors and increased line spacing beyond the CPUC's requirement. We developed the largest utility weather network in the nation, with 170 weather stations, each of which provides real-time weather data, delivering enhanced situational awareness to our utility operations and field personnel. We also provide this data to firefighting agencies. We contracted for supplemental firefighting resources, including one of the largest helitankers in the world; and like our weather data, we make this resource available to our region. And we developed and implemented an aggressive vegetation management program, where we have a database of 460,000 trees that are in close proximity of our line. We systematically assess, remove, and trim vegetation away from our lines and facilities to reduce fire risk. Now, please turn to the last slide. To recap, we've been working diligently to deliver on our value proposition. First, we expect to be at the upper end of our 2017 adjusted EPS guidance range; second, we're leveraging our growth drivers to execute additional projects at both our utility and infrastructure businesses to add to future earnings growth; and third, we're advancing the Oncor transaction by making substantial regulatory progress, and we're looking forward to adding this strategic growth platform to our business. With that, we'll conclude our prepared comments and start to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go first to Greg Gordon with Evercore.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: A couple of questions. I apologize if I'm a little fuzzy on it. Can you take us through the initial Los Ramones Norte investment, and what the economics were that you articulated on that project? And what should we expect the incremental economics to be on this additional $520 million investment?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. We have been a part owner of this project. As you know, we own 25% of it. And what we did is we acquired Pemex's 25% share, bringing our total investment up to 50% of the project. I'll have Joe talk a little bit more about Ramones Norte. And we're hoping to close this in the end of this year 2017. Joe, you want to...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Sure. Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Greg. Hey, you might recall that when we – IEnova actually acquired our 50/50 Pemex's interest in our joint venture, we excluded this particular pipeline, because this pipeline was the one that was actually in construction at that time. And as the parties negotiated for the acquisition of Pemex's interest in the joint venture, they were hopeful of getting a price that recognized that the pipe was fully operational, and all the construction risk, and everything was behind them, but that wasn't the case. So, we actually pulled this piece of the operation out of that and continued the joint venture, while the pipeline was being built. And now that's fully operational, it's already in service and have much lower risk, we went back to them, and they were still interested in selling that interest. And so, we struck a deal with them, which is a really good value, but probably closer to the lower end of our normal expectations of high single digit, low double-digit unlevered returns, and that's simply because it has lower risk. It's completed, it's in service and operating, and it's a great pipeline and is one of the biggest pipelines taking gas to Mexico from the U.S.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Fantastic. Joe, while I have you, can you give us an update on what the – now that we've hopefully gotten through hurricane season, whether you are still comfortable with the productivity level you're seeing at the Cameron site? And when it is that we'll get another big sort of update from you on how you're doing on milestones?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Look, before Joe says anything, I just want to remind everyone that we believe, and we firmly believe, from everything that we see now that Cameron will be liquefying natural gas in all three trains come 2019. And they've made a lot of progress on construction, and things seem to be going well, and not too much impact, it appears, from the hurricane. Joe, why don't you add a little color?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Debbie. Greg, you pointed it out, and we're not completely through the labeled hurricane season, but I think we've made it through. And unfortunately, for all of you in the Northeast, it seems like the weather is moving that way. But the good news is, and although we recognize that certainly a lot of people in the Gulf Coast and across Texas suffered as a result of the storm and we contributed money to the efforts there, the storm had relatively little impact on the actual Cameron LNG site. And as far as the schedule goes, Debbie just mentioned, that we have no change in the schedule. We did get a claim from the contractor around Hurricane Harvey. It was a named storm, so they're allowed to make a claim, but it was rather immaterial, less than a couple of weeks delay. So, that didn't really change the schedule and an immaterial amount of money related to it. They have told us they might have some additional claims, but we don't have information on that. But I think it's pretty well-recognized that there wasn't much damage. We're still on track. Things are going well. They were back on the site working hard within a couple of weeks of the storm. And so, that's where we stand.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Right. My last question may seem a little bit esoteric, but on the inverse condemnation case, first, is it on the docket? Is it on the calendar due for a vote at any point soon? And two, if this were to go against you, don't you think it would have tangible enough consequences to people's expectations of risk in California that you would want to reassess what you believe to be your true cost of capital in the next review? Because if they're not going to honor the law here, then the true cost of capital for a California utility in the normal course of business is, in my perspective, materially higher than what you settled on earlier this year.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, it's on the calendar for November 9, and it's been on the calendar three times, and then postponed. So, we don't know what's going to happen on November 9. Obviously, with the situation in Northern California and the Napa fires that this has to be a focus area of the Commission. And the laws in California have been pretty clearly determined by the courts to apply to the investor-owned utilities. And these laws rely on the fact that these utilities that provide services for the public interest and have facilities in the public domain would have the ability to recover cost, and that therefore, they have strict liability. And that it is something that we will put through the court system if the Commission does not rule in our favor. In terms of the cost of capital, I think that's speculative at this time as to how all of this comes out. We look at the risks that we can mitigate. And as I've said earlier in my remarks, we have really focused on a lot of mitigation efforts to reduce our fire risk in Southern California and our service territory. Our insurers have told us that we have the absolute best fire mitigation plan that they've seen in the industry. So, our focus is on doing what we can control, and that we're hopeful that the Commission decides like they did earlier when they granted us the funds for FEMA recovery, which was our cost of restoration from the fire, and that FERC granted us full recovery in this. And that it would seem a little odd not to have the same type of recovery with the law in California. But at this point, we'll wait and see what happens when the Commission decides.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Much appreciated. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Good morning.
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Good morning, Julien
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. So, I wanted to follow up first on the Oncor side. Obviously, you've talked about some of the process here. Can you give us a little bit of an update on settlement negotiations, I know, just to the extent which they continue to happen, and expectations on even getting to a timeline there, first and foremost?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. I would first say that we've been in settlement discussions for a few weeks, and that our modification through our financing actually came from hearing from the parties as to what their principal concerns were. And when we heard those principal concerns, we decided to simplify the financing and make our regulatory filing consistent with the 65/35 equity to debt that we talked about. And that really came from a lot of our discussions with the parties. Since that time that there have been some discussions with parties, but they're in the discovery process right now. And they, of course, have to do their diligence. And then, we would expect as soon as that discovery is complete, which should be very shortly, that we would enter into full settlement negotiations with the key parties in the case. Speculating timing on when a settlement could be reached is difficult, of course. But I think, really, by addressing the financing concern, that addressed a lot of the issues that we had heard from the parties.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right. Excellent. I'll leave that one be. And then moving back to Cameron real quickly, can you elaborate a little bit just in terms of you reaffirming the timeline. Is it that the hurricanes this summer, did they ultimately just shift within the expected delivery time window, or is it sort of offset by productivity improvements at other points? And I just want to make sure we're sort of crystal clear about how – the reaffirmation for folks out there?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I mean, we told you when we gave you the schedule the last time, it was not just a schedule that we have looked at and had hired consultants to do assessment of the schedule. And we've gotten third-party input when we looked at what we told you on the last call relative to the schedule, that what we saw was no change from those expectations coming through the hurricane season. There were some small delays, but we would not have any major impact of the hurricane. Joe sits on the Management Committee and is very close to this, so I'm going to ask him to add anything he wants to that comment.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Hey, Julien. I think it's more like within the window. Yeah, they're making good progress at the site and they were there right after. And so, we just didn't lose that many days, and then the hurricane season kind of came to a bit of a halt at that point. So the weather has been good, and they've been working hard at the site and making a lot of progress. So I think it's a combination of those things, but I'd say we're probably kind of within the window. But still the good thing is, we're still going to report earnings of $300 million to $350 million in 2020.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right. Excellent. And then, lastly, just real quickly on...
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: From Cam.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: From Cam. As Debbie said, from Cameron.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: From Cameron, yeah.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yes, of course.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I just want to clarify.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Of course.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Exactly. Absolutely, absolutely. It wasn't lost on me. Just very quickly on the CapEx side, wanted to make sure I'm hearing you guys right about obviously a lot of success year-to-date on adding things to the bucket. Where do you stand about reevaluating the open season in Texas, and then just in general about accelerating CapEx focused on Texas, be it Oncor or elsewhere?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, at this point, the open season, we just got the results in and we're contacting the parties who have expressed interest. And we don't have anything to announce at this time, but that we have a lot going on in the Gulf Coast region. People forget sometimes that we have the joint venture with TransCanada to build the Marine Pipeline across the Gulf region to Mexico. That's under construction right now. We have some storage development opportunities tied to the LNG facility. We have the pipelines tied to the LNG facility. And then, we have the three trains at Cameron under construction in Louisiana, and then are looking at moving forward with Port Arthur. So we see a lot of opportunity, most of which has been on the gas side. And we think that Oncor also has, in talking to their leadership, opportunities. They've been a little capital-constrained, as you might imagine, and have opportunity to invest for the benefit of their customers in areas like technology and in release of congestion that will actually reduce cost to customers, improve service. And we've asked them to start looking at, if they were not in such a capital-constrained situation, what more would they be able to do in terms of investments over time. And I think that they're really excited about the opportunities to look at spending time focused on how they grow their business versus dealing with five years in a bankruptcy court. So I think there's some great opportunities, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. I'll leave it there. Thank you all very much.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Going back to the wildfires, I had two questions on that front. One was just kind of how you're perceiving, I guess, the exact legal definition of negligence there, and how that was interpreted in the proposed decision? And then, secondly, on that front, kind of knowing what you know today and, let's say, hypothetically the CPUC does come out and reject your request, would you have had the opportunity to act differently in the court process at all?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, I'm not sure if I fully understand your question, but I'll try to answer as I interpret it. That negligence is not the standard for inverse condemnation. I mean the court, in looking at the fire claims never considered whether there was negligence or gross negligence; they only considered whether our facilities were involved in the fires. And if that is shown to be the case that your facilities are involved in the fires, the standard in California is strict liability. And that standard of strict liability comes from the view that you can spread those costs across the ratepayers. And it was a law that was really started from municipalities, largely, so they have facilities in the public good. And then if something flooded, or there was an issue that they could recover those costs across all of the customers in the municipality. The courts in California did interpret it to apply to the investor-owned utilities as well. So you don't ever get into a negligence standard through the court system on this. And that's the concern that we have with what's the proposed decision. It doesn't rely on how the courts determine how inverse condemnation is applied. It sets a different standard that is not the standard that's used by the court to assess whether you have a liability. So, that's where we will be fighting that. And we do not believe that – clearly, FERC saw that, and FERC looked at the same set of facts and believed that we were a reasonable utility operator; the very same set of facts, and that we were a reasonable utility operator. And so, these ALJ proposed decision, and I will stress, these are not Commission decisions at this point. They are ALJ proposed decision, we just see as inconsistent with the law and inconsistent with how the other regulatory agencies looked at the same set of facts.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got you. But then, let's say, hypothetically, you could rewind the clock almost 10 years now and going into the original court processes, know that you would not ultimately get recovery from ratepayers, would that have changed your legal options at all, I guess, negligence or no negligence?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: No, because that's not the standard. We would have had no option on that. The courts determined that the 2007 fires fell under inverse condemnation, that our facilities were involved, and the fact that our facilities – there's no negligence whatsoever that's a consideration on those cases. And if we had tried to fight that, that's not the standard that's applied with inverse condemnation. So, it wouldn't have changed anything. And that's the thing that why we will go back to the court system if it's not ruled in our favor.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay...
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: The other thing I'll mention to your point, this is Jeff Martin, is the most important thing is we were prudent operators back in 2007, just like we are today. So, it doesn't really change, as Debbie's really going to the fact that the law at that time relied on inverse condemnation, and that's the basis of why we think we should have recovery.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: And I would say FERC determined we were prudent operators in their decision. So, it's just – yeah.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. I know you guys have been pretty clear, I think, on your position here and what your options were, so thank you for that clarification. My follow-up is just on Oncor. Maybe not necessarily your financings, but in regards to the memo that came from one Commissioner last week on the process. Does that kind of fall outside your expectations as it relates to the ultimate outcome of the case or your options here? Does it surprise you maybe given your discussions with interveners up into this point at all?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: No, not at all. I mean, this is the discovery process that occurs. And if you look at the other cases that have been before the Commission, that this Commissioner has asked similar kinds of question, it's part of their diligence. And I would expect the Commission and interveners to due diligence. In the next 10 days, we will be submitting supplemental testimony to address all these issues. We look forward to addressing those issues. We have nothing of concern and nothing to hide that we have great financial strength as a business, and we look forward of explaining all of that, explaining the kinds of contracts we have on LNG, where we have really mitigated the risk in our types of contracts. So, that we will submit our responses to the PUC of Texas, and we would expect them to consider all of that as part of the fact base in the case.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, understood. Thank you, Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you. Operator. And next, we'll go to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Couple of easy questions for you. One on Southern California Gas. And there's something I'm not entirely sure I understand. Maybe I'm misstating how much growth is there. At the Analyst Day back in the spring, you all highlighted that you thought – I think it was in Steve Davis' slides that Southern California Gas' rate base could get to about, I don't know, around $7.6 billion in 2021. And yet in today's slide deck, you're showing it at $9.7 billion in 2022. That's a pretty big change, right? I'm looking at slide 13 from today. And I want to make sure I'm following that just because I know you've announced a bunch of projects, but I didn't realize looking at that chart on page 13, you announced something that could take SoCalGas' rate base all the way up close to $10 billion.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Let me take you back to the Analyst Conference and explain or remind you how we did the forecasting for the utilities at the Analyst Conference. And what we told you at that time, when we looked at the out-years of the plan, and 2021 is the one that you're providing, all we did is we took the approved rate base that we had, and then we applied the attrition factor that had been approved for the utility over the life of the plan, so that's all we did. And that it did not reflect our regulatory filings; it did not reflect this new process, this risk adjustment mechanism, the ramps that we had to look at risk, and then how do we mitigate those over time with a systematic replacement of key components of the system. And so, what you're seeing now is what we filed for in the rate case, that would be our 2022 with the amount of rate base we requested and the attrition mechanisms we requested in the rate case. That is not to say that we're going to get all of that, but that is what we've requested. And in that rate case now, we have specific projects and specific activities to consume that capital. When we did it before, all we used is what had been approved with an attrition factor on it. So, this gives you greater visibility to what we're looking at in terms of CapEx requirement for the utility. Again, it's our filing, we may not recover all of that, but we think we have great justification for it, because that all came out of the process that the Commission has asked us to use which is this risk-adjustment process.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. So, in other words, what you're saying today is that your expectation, both for capital spends and rate base growth at Southern California Gas is significantly higher than what you outlined back at the Analyst Day in the spring?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. It's higher for both utilities; it's about $1 billion higher. The 2022 number is about $1 billion higher than the 2021 number we gave you. And for SDG&E at about $2 billion higher for SoCalGas, which came out of our rate case filing, and going through detailing from this risk process that we were required to use, what are the expenditures that we need for our business, and then what is the normal replacement cycle for replacement capital. So, that's what we have in our regulatory filings.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. And then one Texas question or an Oncor question. The Oncor rate case, already been resolved, the new rates go into effect soon, are there any post-deal infusions you have to make into Oncor? I know they're getting a higher equity layer, or is that all just kind of factored in as part of the transaction?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, the Oncor Board of Directors will determine how the – they changed their equity and the rate case; they thickened their equity. And the Oncor Board of Directors will determine how that equity gets put into the business. So, it was approved in the rate case.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: But it's not incremental equity above the purchase price that Sempra has to put in.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Jeff, why don't you describe how that...
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Michael. The purchase price we've agreed to is $9.45 billion. As you've talked about, subsequent to our original purchase request, they have finalized the rate case and that they need to move the equity layer up from roughly 40% equity to 42.5% equity. As you know, along the way, it depends on when our closing occurs and what time post-closing we actually have to fill up the rest of that equity infusion. But if there are additional equity requirements for Sempra, it's been fully factored into all of our financial analysis.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. So it's factored into all of the $0.10 to $0.20 accretion dilution, all that...
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Yes.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: ...kind of stuff that you put out in the public domain.
Jeffrey W. Martin - Sempra Energy: Yes, it is.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes, it is.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Good morning. Yes, we can hear you. Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. Okay. So just with the wildfire, just sort of a follow-up, I think, on the earlier question. Just to make this crystal clear, this has nothing to do with negligence, nothing associated with the ALJ's ruling, et cetera, correct?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: The inverse condemnation law in the state has no negligence requirement, and that's the law that governs who has accountability for the claims under inverse condemnation. The ALJ had indicated that there are things that they thought that we should have done differently in hindsight review, looking at things, but that there's no court that has come out with any finding of negligence in this case.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And I guess the question that comes up, of course, is that since we've had wildfires in other parts of the state, if there was to be found, hypothetically speaking, negligence associated with the utility, would a finding in your favor have any ramifications with respect to a situation in which negligence was the reason associated with liability, if you follow me?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I don't know how I can explain. Negligence is irrelevant. That if you have a fire that your facilities were involved in, the law of the State of California, if it shows that your facilities were involved in that fire, you have strict liability. You don't go to court. No one claims negligence in court. They claim inverse condemnation. And if it's shown that your facilities were involved, there's a strict liability standard. All the claims that we paid out on our fire had to do with strict liability and inverse condemnation. And that law is created because you were supposed to be able to collect from your customers, or if you're a municipality, those in the municipality. So negligence is not an issue. No one claims in these cases negligence. They come in and they claim its inverse condemnation, and that you have strict liability for it. So all the claim – I'm sorry?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So I appreciate that, and I thank you for the clarification. I'm just wondering though, in terms of the issue of recovery from ratepayers – I guess, I should have articulated this more clearly – in terms of recovery from ratepayers, would the issue of negligence be an issue that might come up? Do you follow what I'm saying? Because it sounds like you guys are saying that there were some things in the ALJ where they said that you might have done some things better, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But I guess what I'm wondering is, and I guess the reason why the question is being asked I think to a certain degree because of the recent wildfires is, if it was found that a utility had been negligent in terms of how it was – I'm not suggesting you guys were involved in that, I'm just suggesting – I'm just questioning, if that was the case, would that have any impact, in your opinion, on the ability to recover from ratepayers?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: It should not. It should have no basis. If you just look at why you buy insurance, and we get rates funded to buy insurance. Insurance, it doesn't matter, you pay out a claim, an insurance claim, and it doesn't matter whether there's negligence or not in an insurance claim. Insurance is to protect you. And this law basically is like a replacement of insurance. And so, it should have no basis. It should have no basis.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. I appreciate that. The second question I'd like to ask you is with respect to Oncor. And just, in general, I mean are you guys willing to keep the ring-fencing in other provisions long-term? Should we think about that as sort of long-term setup, or how should we think of those?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, when we look at Oncor and the ring-fencing and we look at the independent Board of Directors, at some point it would be nice for us to have built the confidence of the regulators in the State of Texas by how we act as an owner, that they would see that we should be treated like any other utility in the State of Texas. And other utilities don't have that kind of structure. But I think it's something that we have to earn over time, with the way that we capitalize that business and ensure that we honor the provisions and that they see that Oncor management really makes the decisions for the best interest of Texas and its customers. And I hope we are able to earn that confidence from the regulators over time. When we look at the ring-fence and those provisions, we felt it was not significantly different than what we have or how we've operated with our California Utilities under a first priority condition, where we have to put capital into those utilities to meet their needs. And so, is it livable? Yes. Would we want to change it over time with us proving that we were strong owners and the Commission feeling that we should have the same kind of regulatory structure that the other Texas utilities do. When we get to that point, we would look at maybe a way to transition.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then, sorry, just back to the wildfire and the write-off charge. What I'm a little bit unclear about is, you just got an ALJ recommendation, and just based on that, it seems that you guys are taking the write-off, even though we don't have a final decision. And I'm just wondering, I guess, there must have been some sort of threshold question about whether or not you thought it was likely or not. And I just wonder if you could address specifically what led to the write-off and hypothetically, if you did get a ruling in your favor, we just see that reverse, is that correct or is there anything else we should think about?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Let me just comment that the standard is very high; it's an 80% probability standard. And what we looked at is all of the facts. We looked at – that we had an ALJ proposed decision; we don't have an alternate decision at this point; and that we have to meet this 80% probability standard. And under the accounting rules, we felt that the interpretation of the accounting rules would cause us to feel, at this point, that we would have to take this impairment. If the Commission rules in our favor, then obviously, that whatever the ruling would grant us, then that would come back. And I would stress that is a non-cash impairment, but it was our interpretation of the accounting rules is applied to all of the information that we had.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Awesome. Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to Faisel Khan with Citi.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Faisel. Faisel?
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. I'm here. Sorry, guys. Can you hear me?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Debbie. I just had one follow-up question. Actually not a follow-up question, a separate question. Just in terms of the Aliso Canyon investigation, is there any update on the timing of the study that's being done by Blade?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: No. They're in the process right now of removing the casing on site, but there's been no indication of when they're going to complete their work. So, as soon as we hear anything, of course, we would report that. But at this point, they're just in the process of removing the casing from the well.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. So, they're still on site, I guess...
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: ...doing more of the physical work. They're not even ready to put a report together, it sounds like.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: No. They're not at all ready to put a report together. They haven't even completed the casing removal, so.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Okay. Great. Thanks.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: And that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'll turn things back over to Debbie Reed for any additional or closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, thanks again for all of you joining us today. And we hope to see many of you next week at EEI. If you have any follow-up questions, our IR team will be available, and have a great week. Thanks.
Operator: That will conclude today's conference call. Thank you, everyone, for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-04 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy Steven D. Davis - Sempra Energy
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Second Quarter Earnings Call. Please note that today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra Energy's second quarter 2017 financial presentation. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With me in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Martin, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Davis, Corporate Group President of Utilities; Joe Householder, Corporate Group President of Infrastructure; Dennis Arriola, Executive Vice President; Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel; and Trevor Mihalik, Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our second quarter 2017 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, August 4, 2017, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide 4. Let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Rick. This morning, we reported second quarter EPS of $1.03 or $1.10 on an adjusted basis. With these great year-to-date results, we are increasing our 2017 adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $5 to $5.30. The increase in our guidance is a direct result of our strong year-to-date earnings which Jeff will review with you later, combined with our expectations for continued strong financial performance for the remainder of the year. Our businesses are performing well, and we've had some great success in securing growth projects for our future. Some highlights that I will detail later are since our analyst conference, we've made significant progress on our strategic investments, adding over $1 billion in new projects with approximately $500 million coming from projects we filed for at our California utilities. In addition, we received two positive regulatory outcomes that improved the clarity of our expected financial returns and allow us to increase the amount of gas stored at Aliso Canyon by reinstating injections. We expect positive developments across our businesses to completely offset the 2018 impact of a further Cameron delay, which I will discuss in a moment. Based on these developments, we are affirming our 2018 EPS guidance of $5.30 to $5.80. We expect to give updated 2018 segment guidance and 2019 guidance early next year. Now please turn to the next slide where I will discuss the update to the Cameron schedule. Cameron and the joint venture partners continue to monitor Cameron's construction progress. Our observations are that certain aspects of the work may be ahead of schedule, but many others are behind the schedule we received last October. As a result, Cameron has continued to question the contractor, and recently, the contractor notified us that its Cameron's schedule has changed. Based on several factors, we think it is reasonable to expect that Train 1 could be delayed into 2019, with Trains 2 and 3 following throughout 2019. These factors include an updated schedule from the contractor, Cameron's own review of the schedule, and the inherent risks in constructing and testing these types of facilities. The contractor and JV partners are assessing reasons for the schedule change and working through the issues. All parties are focused on bringing the three trains into service as soon as practical. Let me be clear. We are disappointed in the most recent change and the impact on our near-term earnings and cash flow. We have revised our 2018 financial plan to assume no earnings from Cameron in 2018. But as I mentioned, the expected strength of our other businesses allows us to affirm our 2018 guidance range of $5.30 to $5.80 per share. We also continue to expect our earnings from Cameron in 2020 to be in the $300 million to $350 million range. In the long term, we don't foresee any material impact to Cameron's economics. When we developed the project, we built in risk mitigation provisions in our contract such as the lump sum turnkey EPC contract with schedule and cost overrun protection. I will end this slide on an additional point many of you have asked us about. During large construction projects like Cameron, contractors often assert that they are owed additional compensation, schedule extension, or both. While Cameron has received information from the contractor claiming they are owed amounts beyond the contract value, sufficient details have not been provided to enable an evaluation of the validity or the amount. The contractors informed us that they will supplement the information at a future day. I will reiterate: we expect the protections we put in place to keep Cameron's long-term economics materially the same. We think it is important to share with you the progress that has been made on this project site. Please go to the next slide. This slide shows a photo of the Cameron site as of mid-July. As you can see, a lot of work is getting done. That said, we will continue to monitor the progress against the schedule to help ensure that safety and long-term reliability of the project is not being compromised. Now, turn to the next slide. We have listed some of the most important and relevant accomplishments to date, which give a sense of how far construction has progressed. I'll mention a few. 100% of the engineering work has been completed, nearly 100% of the procurement is completed, and all three heat exchangers have been laid on their foundation. Finally, this project has our full attention, and I want to emphasize how important it is to us. I also know that it's important to all of you. With that, I'll hand it off to Jeff who will walk you through our quarterly results. Jeff?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter earnings of $259 million or $1.03 per share. This compares favorably to second quarter 2016 earnings of $16 million or $0.06 per share. And on an adjusted basis, we reported earnings of $276 million or $1.10 per share. This also compares favorably to second quarter adjusted earnings in 2016 of $200 million or $0.79 per share. Next, let's turn to slide 9 to discuss the key factors impacting these results. Our higher quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings were driven by healthy operating results that include: $23 million due to higher earnings from LNG marketing activities in 2017 and losses in the second quarter of 2016 that were related to gas price movement on inventories sold forward, $21 million of higher operational earnings, primarily from acquisitions and pipelines placed into service in Mexico, $16 million from higher CPUC base margin, net of operating expenses at SDG&E, and finally, $11 million from higher earnings due to U.S. renewable assets that were placed into service in 2016, as well as increased production across the portfolio this year. The strong operational results that I discussed for Mexico were more than offset by $12 million of losses in the current quarter related to foreign currency and inflation effects. This compares to a $16 million benefit last year. I'd also like to emphasize that assuming current rates, $30 million of additional hedge income is expected to be booked in the second half of the year and largely offset the year-to-date FX losses at Mexico. And with that, I'll hand it back to Debbie, who will go over our business updates.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Jeff. As I mentioned earlier, we've added over $1 billion of new investments. I'll describe several that we've added since our last quarterly call. Let me start with Mexico. Hopefully, you had a chance to listen to IEnova's Analyst Day in June where the team identified $45 billion of potential market opportunities through 2025. Of this $45 billion, approximately $10 billion are in the newly opened liquids infrastructure business. I discussed at our Analyst Day that I thought this was an excellent growth area for us. IEnova has started to expand its strategic footprint into this area and had some positive recent developments. Specifically, IEnova will develop three liquids terminals, two of which will be in the high consumption areas of Mexico City and Puebla, and the third in the Port of Veracruz. The facilities all have long-term firm U.S. dollar denominated capacity agreements with Valero. In addition, the expected total CapEx for the projects is $275 million and all are planned to go into service through 2019. Valero has the option to purchase 50% equity ownership in all of the facilities when they go into service. We hope to continue to build our strategic partnership with Valero as projects like these fit IEnova and Sempra's core competency. Most importantly, these projects will lay a solid foundation for us to expand this new business line into additional inland and marine terminal opportunities as well as liquids transportation investments. Just as we did with our natural gas pipeline, we see the opportunities for solid returns and great growth by being an early mover in this market. Moving to Chile, we were awarded transmission project through our joint venture for approximately $50 million. The project is expected to go into service in 2021 and continues to build on our growing transmission business in Chile. Finally, we are constructing a new 200-megawatt solar project in California. This facility is fully contracted for an average of 18 years and is expected to go into service in phases through the first half of 2018. Please turn to the next slide. Starting with the cost of capital, we were pleased that the all party settlement was upheld extending, the certainty of our ROEs through 2019. This decision provides greater clarity of our planned earnings at our California utilities. Also at SoCalGas, we received approval to reinstate natural gas injections at the Aliso Canyon storage field to a target level of approximately 24 Bcf, and have started to do so. While the recent approval to resume gas injections is positive news, we remain concerned about system reliability this summer and in the coming winter given, the length of time it took to receive this decision, as well as the limitations on targeted gas storage levels. We are working cooperatively with the agencies to help ensure we safely operate the Aliso Canyon storage field within the authority we have been granted. Finally, as we discussed last quarter, we have filed applications at the CPUC for two projects, representing an incremental $500 million of rate based investments, comprised of the Master-Metered Mobilehome Park and a new customer information system at SDG&E. Before I turn to our guidance, I'll highlight that adding and filing for over $1 billion of new development projects across our utility and infrastructure businesses is a testament to our strong growth platforms and our ability to capture opportunities. We continue to make significant progress on the projects and our plans, while also evaluating and advancing projects like those we've added since the analyst conference. Please turn to the next slide. As I mentioned earlier, for the second time this year, we are raising our 2017 adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $5 to $5.30. On a GAAP basis, our increased 2017 EPS guidance range is $4.95 to $5.25. The key contributors driving this increase are strong year-to-date earnings, accelerated capital deployment and disciplined cost management across our businesses. We expect these key operational drivers to continue into 2018 and to completely offset the delay in Cameron. This has enabled us to affirm our 2018 EPS guidance of $5.30 to $5.80. Please turn to the last slide. To recap, we've accomplished a great deal over the last several months. First, we are making significant progress on our strategic investments with over $1 billion added since our analyst conference. Second, we received positive regulatory outcomes at the California utilities on two important matters: the cost of capital extension; and reinstating injection at Aliso Canyon. And third, we raised 2017 adjusted EPS guidance and affirmed 2018 EPS guidance on a strong expected operational performance. With that, we'll conclude our prepared comments and stop to take any questions that you might have.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go first to Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. Your line is open, sir. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks and congratulations on a great quarter.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Several questions. Listen, I heard your script and I understand your reticence to get too granular on guidance in the context of the change in the Cameron service date being offset by improvements elsewhere. But can you talk to, at a high level, how much of that improvement in 2018 that's offsetting the Cameron delay is coming from new projects versus just better expected returns in either the utilities businesses or the existing infrastructure businesses.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. Let me kind of walk you through because I think it is important for you to understand that. Because the key thing is that these are improvements that we believe are sustainable going forward. And we've really been working throughout 2017 to put these kinds of things in place and then to build upon them in 2018 and 2019. So, let me hit the highlights of the key areas. First, last year, we got about $1.4 billion of incremental capital approved in our utilities that was outside of a rate case capital. And so these are incremental projects. And we've been really focused on how we can expedite getting those projects in service, beginning the collection of AFUDC and then putting into service in the rate base. And then we filed for another $500 million worth of projects that I mentioned in my talking points. So, the utility performance has been very strong and it's really based upon the deployment of additional capital largely. And then we are building on another 200-megawatt solar project in California. And that will go into service throughout 2018. And so we will have that on an ongoing basis producing earnings. In Mexico, we've had a lot of new projects that we've announced. We have a solar project with the Pima Solar. Now we have these liquids terminals that we'll be constructing throughout 2018 into 2019. And then we've just had really strong performance from all of our businesses in terms of being very efficient in the operations, which is something we believe can continue. So everything we're looking at in 2018 is, in my mind, totally focused on better performance and performance that we can continue beyond 2018.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Fantastic. Thank you. My second question goes to what's happening at Cameron. And you gave a very detailed explanation, so thank you. But given the track record CB&I has had with other projects with delays, how can you be confident that this is the sort of final straw and there aren't going to be further delays? And have you sort of built in some thinking around that in the new schedule you've given us, or is the new schedule you've given us sort of completely in sync with like specifically what they have told you is their current expectation?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: What they told us is only one piece of the thinking. And trust me, we've done a lot of thinking on this. And then we brought in consultants from the outside who have been working with us to look at all of the scheduled documents, look at the onsite work that have been done, and then give us their independent assessment of the schedule and when we think that the trains can come into service. So what we're giving you today is our best estimate based upon all of the work that's been done by the 70-plus people we have on site as part of the JV, the outside firms that we've been using to validate the information, and then looking at what we've gotten from our contractor, and then just looking at how things can affect projects. And so it's our best estimate based upon all of those factors, not just what the contractor has given us.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. And you commented on the fact that CB&I or this joint venture with – CB&I has with Chiyoda, has indicated that they'd like to be paid more money. It's not clear to you at this point that their claims are valid. Is there any way for you at this point to sort of quantify the types of dollars we're talking about? And if you can or you can't, that being said, how is the contract structured so that you are protected if you have to deploy more capital?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I'm going to have Joe go through this because he has been on the ground working on these issues. So, Joe?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Greg. So let me talk about that. I've spoken about this before. The thing that we looked at when we entered into this project was a very risk-mitigated approach. And so we did, with our partners at Cameron JV, sign a lump sum turnkey agreement, and we expect to hold the contractor joint venture to that agreement. And like most construction projects, people will come along with claims and ask for different things, and that's the normal course. I'm not going to go into the specifics of the dollars because we do not have enough information to even review it, audit it, or anything else. And so I don't want to talk about dollars. And one of the reasons is very important for you all to remember. This is really not a Sempra issue. We are protected throughout the agreements that we've signed on this issue, primarily through the EPC lump-sum turnkey agreement, and we expect them to perform under that contract. But also through our other contracts, we're protected. Our economics are going to be protected. Of course, as Debbie said, we're disappointed in the earnings movement. But we're confident about getting the value out of this project. And I think that's what we should focus on when you're talking to us about Sempra's impact from these kinds of cost issues. Does that help?
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: That's the best you're going to tell me, then that helps. Thanks, guys. Take care.
Operator: All right. And we'll take our next question from Faisel Khan from Citibank. Please go ahead.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Faisel.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, Debbie. Did you guys issue any change orders to the contractor at all?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: No, we didn't issue change orders to the contractor.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Let me just – let me just – throughout the course of the contract, there's been one change order for $12 million. That's it.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: That's it.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Okay, understood. That's the only question on Cameron. And then just on the sort of CCA issue that sort of seems to be ongoing in the news, do you guys have any update on what's going on in your territory with some of these aggregation sort of topics?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, that's a great question because from the Sempra standpoint, we really support the customers having choice and we like the ability of customers having the choice to go to a CCA because we basically earn our money based upon them using our transmission and distribution systems. And so if they want go to another party for procurement, that's great. The problem that we have in California is ensuring that when those customers exit, they take all of the costs with them. So, I'm going to have Steve talk about the work that we're doing at the Commission now to have them meet the state law in California, which requires customers exiting to take all of their costs.
Steven D. Davis - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Faisel. As Debbie mentioned, our focus really is on ensuring that the Commission complies with current law, which requires departing load to take their fair share of costs. And the three IOUs have put forward a solution to that at the Commission that we're hopeful will be voted on by the end of this year. So to the extent that when there is departing load and they take their costs, that's fine and we just need to make sure that going forward, the Commission complies with that law and we have a solution to do that. I would like to just say, though, keep in mind that in California, our rates are decoupled and our generation rate base investment is less than 10%. So, we're not long on generation obviously. In San Diego, we don't have any CCA providers. We do have some cities that are looking at it. And one of the key issues in variables as they look at this issue is what the Commission is doing in compliance with state law on the departing load charges. So that's a key issue in variable which is causing the cities to take a second look at things.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, got it. And actually I misspoke. There's one more question on Cameron just on – follow up to Greg's question on the schedule. Does that include any sort of disruptions from weather at all in the hurricane season?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I'll let Joe come in, too.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Hey, Faisel. So let me tell you why I have confidence in what we're projecting for you. We have – and Debbie said, 70 people. We actually now – we keep increasing. We have about 120 people on the site, and the engineering capacity is looking at what's going on in the site. So we know what's going on in the site. We also have multiple external consultants there reviewing the work and the process. In reviewing the forecast forward, what do we see going forward? And as the work continues to progress, as you see in the photograph, there's lots of work to finish so that would naturally cause you to be a little bit more confident in it, yet we do have to take into account things like weather, so as our consultants and we look at it, we take into account the normal course of events in the Gulf Coast. What I would say is not in there is unexpected events. If there was a major disruption from a major hurricane in 2017 or 2018, that would probably cause some change, but it's hard to say because it depends where the hurricane hits, how much time is away. You know that recent storm, Cindy, that they had, they were away from the site like a day-and-a-half. So it kind of depends on the severity of it, but we do, in our own analysis, build in the normal kind of weather issues that confront contractors in the Gulf of Mexico.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, great. Fair enough. Thanks for the time. Appreciate it.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Faisel.
Operator: And we'll go next to Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning, or afternoon. I guess, first, a couple of questions on Cameron. So the third point you made in terms of the delay that kind of you included the inherent risk in constructing and testing. So that is it fair to say, there's some cushion that you've kind of put into this update? I mean, we'll hear from CB&I I guess on Monday when they report. So, there could be some maybe difference potentially in the timelines there?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: We just used all the data that we had available and really looked at the work being done by our outside consultants against what the contractor had given us and gave our best estimate of when we think the trains will come on in 2019. So I mean, we looked at all the factors we had before us and it's our best estimate for that.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then also, any color that you could give on how the relationships are with the partners going through this process and the like? Any color there?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, since Joe meets with them about every week, I'll have Joe talk about that.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Steve. We have a good relationship with our partners. I mean, remember, our partners are also our customers. And we had a pretty lengthy call with them yesterday. I met with them a couple of weeks ago in Houston. I'm in Houston quite a bit. As we got these schedules, I was poring through the schedules with them and with our engineering teams. I think it's a very constructive relationship, and they have two roles to play there. They're both our partners on the equity side and they are our customers. And so we are working closely together. We're all aligned even with the contractor consortium to try to get this done as soon as possible. But obviously, people have different views on things, but I think we have a good relationship with them.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then last question just on the offsets, specifically on the utility side, I guess, Debbie, you mentioned like $1.4 billion of capital approved outside the rate case. Could you just give a little better sense of are these other projects getting recovered through other mechanisms outside GRC, or it's kind of AFUDC type benefits they are – yeah.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Most of the projects that are in the $1.4 billion are FERC projects. So you get AFUDC on the projects during construction and then as they are completed, they immediately go into rate base because we use like actual rate base for FERC. So you don't have to go back to the CPUC and try to recover the rate base amount after, it just trues up on the actual rate base based upon what actual rate bases that you are in and so the majority of these are at SDG&E and the majority of them are FERC related. And then on some of the other areas, there are regulatory mechanisms that are put in place outside of the rate case to recover costs that are CPUC related. So we don't have to wait for a rate case.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Chris Turnure from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, guys. I wanted to talk about new LNG in Port Arthur in particular or you had an announcement during the quarter there that you had I think signed a preliminary agreement with Korea. Could you just maybe put that in context and specifically talk about the MOU that you had at Port Arthur already, how this would work and maybe how if at all this is differentiated from some of the other companies that made announcements at the same time in regards to agreements with Korea?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. We had an agreement with KOGAS and we made an announcement about having a memorandum of understanding with them to hopefully come to some conclusion for them to become a buyer and potentially a foundation buyer which would allow them to take some equity in the Port Arthur facility. And I think part of the differentiators that we found in the market is that there are some buyers who like to take some equity in the projects as well and as KOGAS has expressed an interest in that, we're hoping to get one to three foundation buyers that would take equity positions, and then sell the rest of the gas that's produced to other. So, it was really great to have the biggest – I guess, the second largest LNG buyer in the world want to be in our project and want to have equity in our project. And so, we're in the process of marketing now. We'll also be continuing our discussions with KOGAS to finalize agreements. But we thought it was really positive news.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then, shifting gears back to Cameron. I know we've had a couple of questions on the topic already, of course, but you used the language that kind of indicated the project could spill into – start in 2019. So I think one of the earlier questions spoke to a range of potential outcomes. What's the base case start-up for each train right now? And is your assessment here something that was kind of pushed to you by CB&I, and then you felt like you had to kind of give us this information, or conversely do you feel like you were kind of getting out ahead of what they're saying and this is a relatively I guess conservative view on what could happen?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Let me just kind of talk about what's happened and how we got to this point because I think it's important for you to understand the level of monitoring and meetings and questions and everything that we have with a contractor. Once they gave us a detailed schedule back in October, then we've hired outside firms to work with us, and then we have all these people on site to monitor performance against the schedule. And what we started to see is certain things on that schedule being done sooner than the schedule indicated, and other things being done on a schedule later than was indicated. And what we wanted to understand is really kind of what the critical path was on the project and what does that mean to the end day on the project, because when you have a combination of things getting done faster and things getting done later, it's really hard to determine what the overall impact was. So we brought in outside consultants. We spent time with the contractor that – they gave us some dates that they felt that they could meet. We had our consultants, and I'll review all of that type of information, and we came to some of our own conclusions. And our conclusions are that, from our standpoint, we feel that we don't want to have any earnings in our financial plans for 2018 for Cameron. We don't want to assume that risk, and we want to give you guidance without any earnings from Cameron. If something wonderful happens and it comes in early, that's great. But from our standpoint, from the information that we have, we just felt it was best to take all of the earnings out for Cameron in 2018, and then focus on what we could do as a management team to get to our guidance without having any of Cameron. And we have some great opportunities to offset Cameron. And we just thought it was the right thing to do and that's the way we approached it.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's very helpful context and color there. You mentioned that CB&I came to you with an updated version of the schedule when that was one piece of the equation in your overall analysis here. If they had not done that, I guess I would ask, would you have kind of come to the same conclusion? Would you have given us this updated schedule as it exists right now?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: We would have...
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And the work that you had done preceding that.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I mean, we would have used all the information available to do our assessment of what's the right thing for our company and our guidance that we gave you. And that's exactly what we did in this case. And then the schedule that we have from CB&I doesn't have a lot of details and everything on it. So we still have to work through that. But we have to tell you what we believe based upon all the data that we have, and we would have done that whether or not we had a schedule.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got you. Thanks, Debbie.
Operator: All right. We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey guys. A couple of different ones. First of all, SoCalGas in the second half of 2017, is there anything unusual when we should think about the earnings bridge from the second half of 2016 and the second half of 2017 at either SoCalGas or SDG&E?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: No, not really from year-to-year at the two utilities. I mean, I think the big thing that happened at both utilities is we got our attrition allowance year-over-year. And then to the degree we manage costs within that attrition allowance, that gives us some upside. But year-over-year, the companies have done pretty well, when you look at quarter-to-quarter. If you look at on an annualized basis, as you know, there's seasonality at SoCalGas, but there was seasonality at SoCalGas last year as well.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay. And one thing, can you talk a little bit about you've got the new renewables -
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: One thing, Michael. I just want to remind you, and we had this and all the data last year and I was assuming you weren't talking about things like this, but we did have an impairment last year at SoCalGas within our South pipeline that we reported in the quarter last year. But that was in the information that we had disclosed (37:47). But there was nothing else between the two companies that was really different year-to-year.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And on Sempra Renewables, how are you looking at over the next couple of years, the potential to add to that backlog or add to that pipeline of potential solar plants? And can you remind us, what's the amount of – I don't know the right term for it, but literally the land or the sites that you currently control, what's kind of the amount of megawatts you could add over a very long period of time, if you were able to get the contracts?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I mean, there's several hundred megawatts capability at each of those locations. I think you're talking about our two solar locations. And there are several hundred megawatts of capability there. We're focused on developing those and we have been bidding those into RFPs, and then looking at other ways that we might be able to add value on those sites with maybe adding some batteries and being able to do peak-shaving. So we have our existing sites that are expandable and then we're also developing new sites. And a lot of our new sites are really developed in the Midwest area with customers we've already done business with and adding wind, which is very economical in a lot of those locations. And we have a lot of customers that we've already done business with that are interested in either expanding an existing site or adding a new site. So we're doing a lot of work in that area. And then as I mentioned, we have contracts now to build a 200-megawatt solar project in California as well that we just talked about. So I mean it's a business that we think has growth potential. There's a lot of states that are very interested with renewable portfolio standards and with the economics being there for wind and solar now. But it's one of our growth areas but I wouldn't say that we have changed significantly our capital plans in that area from what we showed you at the Analyst conference.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks Debbie. Much appreciated.
Operator: All right. And we will take our last question from Leslie Rich from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: Hi. Just following up on that question. The 200-megawatt solar contract that you just announced, that was not at your existing facilities. This is a new project altogether to do – because it's coming online so soon, is it something that was already in development when you bought it?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes. It was a project that was in early-stage development. We bought the project and are building it out.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: And do you have a contract with I guess one of the IOUs in California?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: We have average 18 year contracts with a number of parties, some municipalities, a variety of parties where they offtake.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: And in terms of the cost, you talked about having over $1 billion of new capital since the Analyst Day. But adding it all up, unless you got this solar project virtually for free, it must be more than $1 billion. So just wondering if you could give any indication of the CapEx associated with that?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: No. We don't give the CapEx associated with individuals but it is over $1 billion. If you add everything up, it's over $1 billion, so.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: Okay. And then, just on Cameron. I'm a little confused about the contract terms. You said today that it was a fixed price turnkey contract. And in the past, I thought you had said that to the extent that there were incremental costs associated with building Cameron, that the cost to build would go up, but that your ROE would stay the same. And the way that would happen would be that the higher cost to build would be essentially passed through to customers. So, where am I wrong?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: You're not wrong. That's the way that contract is written.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: That is what I tried to say.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: So...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: I said it's not a Sempra issue, Leslie, we're protected. We have the contract protections with the contractor, that's the primary. But we also have other protections in our other contracts that keep us whole on a return basis and you have exactly right.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: And so, how are you thinking about Train 4 at this point? Has your thinking shifted on that?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I would say our focus is on Train 1 through 3 right now and getting those done. So we have been having meetings with the partners to look at development of further trains on the site. And Joe just was at a meeting a few weeks ago. I think we're making some progress but I don't expect anything to be resolved before the end of the year.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'd like to turn it back over to Debbie Reed for closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, thank you all for joining us today. And if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact the IR team. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you so much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-09 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy Steven D. Davis - Sempra Energy Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy
Analysts: Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy: Good morning and welcome to Sempra Energy's first quarter 2017 financial presentation. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website. Here in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman, President and CEO; Jeff Martin, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Davis, Corporate Group President of Utilities; Joe Householder, Corporate Group President of Infrastructure; Dennis Arriola, Executive Vice President; Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel; and Trevor Mihalik, Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts are shown on a diluted basis and we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our first quarter 2017 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, May 9, 2017, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks for joining us this morning. And I first want to start by saying that I am going to be talking about Sempra, and not whoever that other company was that that operator put on. Thanks, Rick, and thanks to all of you who joined us in San Diego or via the webcast for our analyst conference a few weeks ago. I appreciate the useful feedback we received. For those of you who were unable to attend, you can find all of the conference materials on our website. I'd like to start off by reiterating Sempra's long-term value drivers. First, we expect to grow our EPS 10% to 11% from 2017 through 2021 by successfully executing on project already under contract, and our Infrastructure businesses and our expected utility performance. Second, we plan to grow our dividend from 2017 by 8% to 9% annually, then reassess that for additional increases after Cameron's three trains come online. And third, our increased cash flow should provide $2.5 billion to $4.5 billion in additional debt capacity in 2021. This offers us the flexibility to further enhance long-term shareholder value. And four, we expect to capture opportunities over the next five years to add to or extend our earnings growth. Before I turn it over to Jeff, please turn to slide five. One of the ways we measure our success is delivering on our EPS guidance. Jeff will review a few of our recent operational successes and our first quarter results, which keep us on track to meet our 2017 earnings guidance of $4.85 to $5.25 per share. Jeff?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thanks a lot, Debbie. First, regarding the cost of capital, we remain constructive on the settlement and believe it's in the best interest of all parties. We continue to expect that the settlement or something in a substantially similar form will be approved. Second, we're focused on executing the capital plan that we laid out at our conference by advancing major projects, in particular Cameron's Trains 1 through 3 in the marine pipeline. We've also made near-term progress on several other projects. At SDG&E, we signed five new contracts for battery storage facilities totaling 83.5 megawatt, 70 megawatt of which will be directly owned by SDG&E. SDG&E also placed one of the largest lithium-ion battery systems in the world into service in the first quarter. Many of you had the opportunity to visit SDG&E during the conference to hear about this and how it supports California's electrification efforts, as well as furthering the state's policy goal by reducing carbon emission. IEnova expects to complete three natural gas pipelines by the end of the second quarter. This also represents a combined investment of close to $900 million. Each project you recall is backed by 25-year U.S. dollar denominated contract with CFE. Third, we're also looking at new investment opportunities. Let me list a few examples. IEnova recently agreed to construct a solar facility with a 20-year PPA for 110 megawatts with an industrial steel company. This is the first bilateral agreement in Mexico under the new market for renewables where the off-taker is a private company. We anticipate there'll more opportunities like this. The Pima Solar facility is expected to cost roughly $115 million and be operational by the end of 2018. This project is also a great example of how we at Sempra leverage our experience across different growth platforms. The success we've demonstrated in the U.S. renewable business allows us to compete more effectively for projects just like this in Mexico. We also made CPUC filings for additional projects representing the potential for almost $500 million of new capital. To be clear, these projects were not included in the capital plan we outlined at the analyst conference. These projects include an expansion of SoCalGas' Master Meter program for Mobile Home Parks and SDG&E's proposal to replace its Customer Information System. Now, please turn to the next slide. Our first quarter financial results was the strongest first quarter performance Sempra has experienced since it was formed. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter earnings of $441 million or $1.75 per share. This compares favorably to first quarter 2016 earnings of $353 million or $1.40 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported earnings of $438 million or $1.74 per share. Again, this compares to first quarter 2016 adjusted earnings of $404 million or $1.60 per share. You'll also recall that we adopted the new accounting standard on stock-based compensation in the third quarter of last year. This was applied retroactively to the first quarter of 2016, and accordingly increased earnings by $34 million in that period. Now, let's turn to slide 7 to discuss the key factors impacting our result. Our higher quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings were driven by strong operating results, including $18 million of higher operating earnings from SDG&E in South America; $21 million of higher earnings at our California Utilities, this is largely as a result of the delay of the 2016 GRC file decision, these earnings were recorded in the second quarter of 2016; plus $29 million of higher earnings at Sempra Mexico related to the GdC and Ventika acquisitions, and higher AFUDC earnings. Also improving earnings this year were $14 million of higher tax benefit and lower interest cost at Parent. These items were partially offset by $34 million of tax benefits in 2016 compared to $3 million of tax expense in 2017 associated with share-based compensation. And at Sempra Mexico, $25 million of lower earnings from foreign currency and inflation effects, primarily from current quarter losses. If you will, I'd like to spend a moment on foreign currency. You'll recall that our current hedging strategy limits our FX-related exposure on U.S. dollar debt in Mexico. While we expect some inter-quarter volatility from time to time, our hedging strategy over the full year is designed to reduce or eliminate expenses related to this exposure. You'll also recall that there are other FX exposures that impact earnings, but not cash flow. These occur in Mexico and South America and we do not hedge these additional costs. These exposures have historically largely offset over a full year when the currency's movement (08:50). You'll find additional details on FX in the appendix. And with that, we'll conclude with our prepared comment and start to take any additional questions that you might have.
Operator: Our first question comes from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hey, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Couple of questions. So first on the cost of capital settlement, could you maybe just let us know if there's any additional color you have on why the delay in approving it, and if you don't have any additional color, when do you expect to get some color?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I'm going to have Steve Davis talk a little bit about that. But just to remind everyone, this is an all-party settlement. There were no comments filed against the settlement during the proceeding. The settlement included both ORA and a major consumer group in the state, TURN, as well as the three utilities as part of that. And we have been having meetings, ex parte meetings with Commissioner with all of those five parties present in those meetings to reinforce the settlement. And so, we had a meeting last night. We have more scheduled today, and I will turn it over to Steve to add any more color.
Steven D. Davis - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Thanks, Debbie. I would just add that we continue to believe the settlement or something substantially similar will be approved by the Commission in a timely basis. And we will continue to have further discussions with parties this week and we're hopeful of having a timely decision.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Did they give any indication on why this delay occurred?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: There has been no real indication, but what I will say from my 30 – almost 40 years of experience is that when you have new Commissioners coming in for a major decision for the first time on that, oftentimes they want to take a little bit more time until they understand the issues. And that it's usually the assigned Commissioner would allow for that to happen. So, we're not reading anything more into it that there's like any major concern. And we're not getting indications of major concerns in the meetings that we had so far.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Secondly, just – sorry, I have to ask this every call, but just is the Cameron project still on the same timeline as you said at the Analyst Day?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I mean, ourselves and our partners and our contractors are committed to that timeline. I mean, I asked Joe to talk about some of the processes that we have in place to monitor the project and try to stay on top of it with our partners and our contractors because Joe has been personally involved with those. He also talked to the CEO of CB&I earlier this week. So, Joe?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Steve. Yeah. Debbie mentioned, I did speak with Phil Asherman over the weekend in preparation for this call, as I normally do now. And there is no change in the dates that they gave us and we gave you last fall. And I think it's important to emphasize what Debbie did, the commitment of each of our partners, and as you know, our customers, to get the project finished and into operation is completely there. We have joint venture board meetings regularly. We're all going to go out and see the sites next month when we have our meeting. And everybody is engaged in getting this important project done.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And just any other update on the partner issue?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Go ahead, Joe.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Thanks, Debbie. There's really no update from what I gave at the Analyst Day. I continue to believe and I'm confident that we'll find a common path here to a solution, but as I mentioned, it's complex, and we have to negotiate all these things, and it requires unanimous consent as I mentioned. So, I don't have a particular date of when we're going to get it done, but it's clearly one of my priorities, and I'm focused on it, and I'm actively working on it with my team and with the partners.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: We will take our next question from Julien Dumoulin of UBS. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning. Good afternoon.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So, quick first question here, more focused on the quarter than anything else. Can you elaborate a little bit more on – I think the gas marketing was the – what you guys talked about in the deck. What was the source of that $26 million higher earnings a little bit, and how should we think about that on a go-forward basis?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I mean, that – we always have given you indications of kind of information on how gas prices affect our business and we have that information in the appendix. Part of what you're looking at is the change of gas prices year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter, but I'll have Jeff take you through that, and in particular to have you understand kind of what we think is going to happen for the remainder of the year. So, Jeff?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Good afternoon, Julien. On the $26 million improvement, roughly $15 million of that is from mark-to-market losses in the quarter last year. And as Debbie indicated, obviously, the natural gas prices have improved just over $1. I would also mention that at the end of this year you'll think about the ENI contract will be rolling off. And I think if I was to guide you in terms of how we think about the year, this segment we showed you at the analyst conference would report roughly $40 million to $50 million of negative results for the year, and we still think that's the best way to think about it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Excellent. Can you elaborate any further successes? I know we're just a few weeks out in terms of the Peruvian bid or anything like that, and also in terms of Mexico on the marketing effort, those – both seems somewhat tangible (15:35)?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. As you say, it's only been 30 days out, Julien, but in that 30 days, we did announce a new solar project in Mexico. And we – if we think to answer the Mexico question first, is there's some wonderful opportunities in terms of renewables there. A lot of bids will be going out for additional renewable resources to meet the standards that have been set by Mexico. And then, what's significant about the Pima project is it's one of the very first projects to be assigned with an industrial customer. And we think that that's a really interesting market to have some opportunities to directly sign up with some of the commercial and industrial customers to provide them renewable resources. Also on Mexico, we're still expecting bids coming out on the electric transmission side. And as we told you at the conference, we think there's some great opportunities to continue our efforts in the liquids side of the business, and don't have anything specific to announce in that area. But we see a lot of interest in finding a partner like IEnova to build the infrastructure on the liquid side of the business. And as you know, we already have an ethane pipeline and a terminal and so we've been in that business and we think it has some great opportunities for us. On the Peruvian pipeline, I will ask Steve Davis to add any color to that, but what I will tell you is that it looks like that that project will go out for bid and that it's likely to go out for bid later this year or the beginning of next year. And our focus has been on ensuring that the bid turns will allow for a truly competitive bid process with participants that are concerned about not taking on any Foreign Corrupt Practice Act responsibilities. And as you know, we backed away from that when we felt that we could not get the kind of a clean deal that we felt that we could execute on. And so, we have had some meetings with the government officials, encouraging them to create a bid that ensures that the project is going to be financeable, and that there will be adequate opportunities to bid in the way that the bid is structured. Steve, I don't know if you want to add anything more to that?
Steven D. Davis - Sempra Energy: Yeah. The only thing I would add, Julien, as you know, we talked a little bit about this at the analyst conference, and we obviously know a lot about the project. And as Debbie had mentioned, we are having discussions with the government. And to the extent that it fits our risk profile, we'll take another look at it and we expect something to happen either later this year or the first part of next year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Excellent. Sorry, going back to the first question real quickly, Jeff, did I hear you right saying something about a contract rolling off? How does that impact the sensitivity, just really quickly to clarify?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: I think that you'll recall that the – ENI was one of the original contracting parties at Cameron, and that contract is rolling off within the year. And what we're really basically saying is, next year, you will not have the benefit of that contract.
Steven D. Davis - Sempra Energy: And, Julien, that's the regas contract.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Right.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I mean, this has been part of what we've told you all along that we want to remind you that that – because we start – I mean, it's a good thing – because we start the testing of the first train in the beginning of next year, we cannot have export going on at the same time as import. And so, that contract has to stop so that we can begin the testing of the trains for the export. And that impacts us financially later this year, and the beginning of next year, always have been incorporated into our base plans.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. But that reduces the sensitivity, just to be clear, the gas sensitivity?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Not really. It's – I mean, it's probably about a $5 million benefit this year and zero next year.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. All right. Sorry to belabor it. Thank you, all.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. It's a – if your question is, does that reduces sensitivity to gas prices, no, because it's really not dependent upon gas prices. The gas price sensitivity is really tied to the ECA plant and attained good (19:55) contract at the ECA plant, plus any gas in storage and have volatility during the course of the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. That's what I thought. Thank you.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Okay.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. One quick one just on the utilities, the Mobile Home Meter and the CIS projects. Those were not included in your base CapEx, but they were included in I think your upside scenarios, what's – can you kind of just walk us through what's changed in the last four or five weeks?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. We've actually made our filing on the CIS project for SDG&E and about $250 million project. So, now we're beginning the regulatory process on that and that happened since the analyst conference. And then, do you want to talk a bit about the Master Meter, because there are some differences between the two utilities and how that moves forward?
Steven D. Davis - Sempra Energy: Sure, Debbie. Hi, Michael. As I had mentioned at the analyst conference and that looking at some of the incremental capital opportunities, they were both highlighted and we talked about quarter two filings of which we made a filing on the 28th and then one just on Friday for the Master Meter project. So, both are in alignment with what our plan is. The CapEx associated with the SDG&E Customer Information System is about $250 million and that the gas company for the Mobile Home Park, it's about a $270 million capital project. So, both are solid projects and we look forward to timely approval of those going forward.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: When do you think spend – how long do you think the regulatory approval process will likely be, and when do you think the capital – and what's the timeline for the capital to actually occur or actually be spend?
Steven D. Davis - Sempra Energy: Well, the good news is we've had two very successful pilot projects at both SDG&E and the gas company. So, the Commission is very well aware of our track record, and so we think we will get a timely decision likely in into 2018 and we would begin immediately after the approval.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And, Joe, I want to come back a little bit to the Cameron project. And I know you talked with Phil from CBI, but also note that in their earnings call yesterday, one of Phil's colleagues, Patrick Mullen, used the comment when asked about Cameron LNG and the start-up, and I'll quote, "We expect the phased start-up of these three trains starting in the latter half of next year". That may have just been kind of bundling of Train 1 and Train 2 with one supposed to be mid-year and one supposed to be at the end of the year, or you could interpret that as, hey, everything is moving a little bit more again. Would love your thoughts if any.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Joe, why don't you go ahead and...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Okay. Yeah. Thanks, Michael. I obviously read that as well and I think you can read it a number of different ways. I think what he was saying wasn't different from what my discussion with Phil was because I've been in a number of conversations with Pat and I think they believe that they are in the schedule that they gave us. So, I think he was just commenting altogether, he basically said all the trains are moving toward getting into operation in the second part of the year, which is very consistent with what we said.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Joe. Much appreciated.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Sure.
Operator: We will take our next question from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Hi. How are you doing? So, a lot of my questions have been answered, but just a few quick ones. So, I was wondering how the Australian LNG curtailment potential might impact you guys. What kind of opportunities you guys might see or just in general what it means for the market? So, that was my first question.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I'm going to have Joe go through it in more details, but what I will say is that we've been saying all along that we saw a market opportunity in the 2021 to 2023 period. And I think now the kind of the herd mentality is where we've been all along. And that's why we've moved forward. We're trying to get Port Arthur in the marketing stage where we are right now. And while we're trying to get the issues with Cameron Train 4 resolved so that we can get into the market for that. And I think what you're seeing is what we have been predicting all along as if there was going to be a demand need in the market come that kind of timeframe, and that's why we've continued to work on development of our projects. Joe, do you want to talk about the Australian curtailments?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Sure. Hi, Paul. I guess I would say it this way, I think that the long-term users of LNG both in Asia and Europe are looking for long-term solutions and reliability. And so they want to make sure that they're going to a source where they can see that over a long term. And I can say that the meetings that we had together with Woodside where we were jointly marketing the Port Arthur facility went very well and there's quite a lot of interest in that facility. And I think that what's going on in Australia it just shows that not necessarily getting these things done means that always that that's going to be available or available for a longer period of time. So, I'm not sure it's going to have an immediate effect, but it starts to show that the end users are seriously starting to contemplate the need to go FID pretty soon, if not this year, next year or into the next year so that they can make sure that they meet the needs that they have, and don't get in trouble if something like that were to become more serious. And so, I think that having Woodside along with us has been very good for the project and for us. So, we look forward to trying to get these things signed up.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So, it's been positive for the most part, and – but you don't actually see any sort of near-term potential opportunities that are going to be developed (26:42) if I'm understanding what you guys are saying, is that right?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: I would like to make sure I understand your question. You're talking about near-term development projects in Australia or here?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: No. No. I mean, with you guys. I mean, if you're having curtailments, that would suggest that people might have concerns about – first of all, what does it mean for just LNG sales in the near term in the market, what does it mean in terms of tightening up the market perhaps in Asia? And then secondly, does it make – and it sounds like you were saying that it does, does it make people more interested in something like Port Arthur or are there opportunities that you guys are exploring in terms of getting supply that may not be as – I'm sorry, that may not have as much risk perhaps associated with it as something like we're seeing in Australia?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I mean, we have talked to you all about what we saw as the advantages of the U.S. project, over these projects with dedicated supply sources because of the supply it dries up or that there's a problem of getting that supply to market. And in the U.S. market, you don't have one dedicated supply source for the gas. And you also have the ability to sell off the gas at liquid points in the U.S. if you don't want to take the gas. I actually think that what's happening in Australia and in some of these other locations where the supply source starts to get more constrained makes it way better for the U.S. in terms of marketing our projects. And so that's the opportunity that we see right now. And I think Woodside's seen the similar view, they've been very excited about our Port Arthur project from the beginning. And I think, being an Australian company, they see the benefit of that as well.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then the second question I have is that we're seeing – there was an announcement last – yesterday on some immigration enforcement by the DOJ with respect to another LNG facility. And we've also been hearing in other industries potential issues with immigration raising construction prices, delaying in-service dates and stuff. And I was just wondering – or at least the risk that's being perceived to that, I'm just wondering if that – is it all an issue that you guys are thinking about in terms of just as a cost and scheduling with LNG.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I'm going to have Joe – because we just read the news report and we checked into it. It's not our project and we have controls in our project that should allow us not to have this kind of a situation occur. Joe, do you have any...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Thanks, Debbie. So, I think as she just said, we saw this article this morning and didn't – we haven't heard that, so that didn't sound like it was us. I checked. It wasn't us, it wasn't CC JV, and it wasn't their contractors, and we have controls in place around that. Also, you heard on the call yesterday, Phil mentioned that they were employing a great number of people, and they have a huge roster of people that they go to to bring people onsite. And they haven't really had problems bringing people onto the site. So, I think their controls are very sound, and we haven't seen this problem. Obviously, one of the reasons that we hired this consortium of contractors to work on this project was they have a large resource of people to go to, to bring to the site, and very much though in Louisiana.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I didn't mean to suggest it was your facility. I guess what I...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: There was a comment that if a news article that it was.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Oh there was? Okay, I'm sorry.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, there was. Yeah. That's why we had it checked right before the call. So...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Yeah, I checked as well. But just an – and FYI, though, I guess, just a – sort of a derivative to that is – and I don't mean to belabor this, but are you seeing any issue with any of your projects, LNG or otherwise with respect to this issue of – we're hearing this from the building sector, et cetera, that like they're having significant concerns about access to labor due in part to limitations on immigration and more immigration enforcement. Have you heard of anything? Was that – is that something that's coming up in terms of costs or anything that you're hearing about in general in the market?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: We have not, actually, Paul, and we do talk about this when we meet with the contractors. And they seem to have ready access to labor and have not brought this up as an issue.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes the time that we have for questions at this point. I would now turn the call over to Ms. Debbie Reed for closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, thanks again, for joining us today. And if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact our IR team. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-28 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Please standby, we're about to begin. Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead.
Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy: Welcome to Sempra Energy's fourth quarter 2016 financial presentation. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website. With me in San Diego are Debbie Reed, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Jeff Martin, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Davis, Group President Utilities; Joe Householder, Group President of Infrastructure; Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel; and Trevor Mihalik, Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our fourth quarter 2016 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to mention that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, February 28, 2017, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Rick. On today's call, I will discuss several topics. Our 2016 achievements and update on the key items our management team is focused on in 2017 and our 2017 earnings guidance and dividend. This morning we reported full-year 2016 earnings of $5.46 per share or $5.05 per share on an adjusted basis. Our 2016 adjusted earnings include a net $0.11 per share benefit related to several additional items. The adoption of a new accounting standard for share-based compensation and a change in our planned repatriation, both partially offset by a revaluation of deferred income taxes related to Peruvian tax reform and the impairment of the north south pipeline. This net benefit largely offset the loss of earnings resulting from the sale of our interest in the Rockies Express Pipeline. In 2016, we delivered on our financial targets and positioned ourselves for future success by resolving some key issues that I will discuss in a few minutes. We are pleased to announce we are raising our 2017 earnings guidance to a range of $4.85 to $5.25 per share, up from our previous guidance of $4.80 to $5.20 per share. Jeff will review the key drivers of our increased guidance. At Sempra, we have a long-standing commitment of growing our dividend. Consistent with this, our board approved a 9% increase in the 2017 dividend to $3.29 per share last week. As you'll recall, we're targeting 8% to 9% annual dividend increases over the next several years. The strength of our projected future cash flow gives us confidence we can grow our dividend at a higher rate than our utility peers. It also reinforces our commitment to maximizing total shareholder value through a combination of dividend and earnings growth. The next few slides will highlight our key areas of focus in 2017, beginning with our California utilities on slide 5. Earlier this month, we reached an important proposed agreement on the cost of capital extension. The agreement sets SDG&E's and SoCalGas' authorized return on equity to 10.2% and 10.05%, respectively through 2019. In 2018, we will true-up long-term debt costs to actual debt costs at both are our California utilities. The debt true-up impacts earnings at the utilities by about $36 million per year, which we had already assumed in our financial plans. This proposed agreement is an important step in gaining greater certainty to our planned utility earnings. Since we had already forecasted a debt true-up in 2018, the settlement has no material impact to the assumptions discussed at last year's Analyst Conference regarding utility capital structure and returns. CPUC approval is required, which is expected in the first half this year. Moving to Aliso Canyon, SoCalGas has resolved a number of key issues, we sealed the leak over a year ago. The Department of Public Health conducted indoor and outdoor testing, which facilitated residents returning to their homes last summer. We've entered into two settlement agreements with governmental agencies, including the recent settlement with South Coast AQMD and at the facility we've strengthened the infrastructure and filed for approval to begin injections. Our focus going forward is to resolve the remaining issues as expeditiously and safely as possible, including resuming injections at (5:57), continuing to collect insurance proceeds and resolving remaining legal claims. Turning to SONGS, the final decision in the arbitration hearing against MHI is expected in the near future. The existing SONGS settlement agreement calls for an even split of their war between ratepayers and shareholders after reimbursement of attorney's fees. As a reminder, at the end of last year, the CPUC directed the parties to revisit the 2014 SONGS settlement agreement. By April 28, all parties must come to an agreement, or the CPUC will begin further proceedings. Two all-party meetings have been held. We maintain that the existing settlement agreement is consistent with regulatory precedent and takes into consideration the best interests of the parties. Please turn to slide 6 for an update on Cameron. I want to assure you that completing Cameron JV Trains 1-3 and putting them into service is a top priority for Sempra and the other owners. The JV continues to monitor the construction activities as well as the quality of the work and provides weekly progress reports to Sempra and other owners. Since the owners received the updated working schedule in early November, executive management from Cameron JV has had multiple meetings with Cameron's contractor to discuss and review the schedule and path forward. Sempra management has also had discussions with the contractors. Cameron JV continues to engage additional independent resources to provide further insight into the construction process and progress. And the contractor has implemented a number of additional measures, which we think are important. The measures include improvement of drainage at the site to help mitigate effects of adverse weather conditions and re-sequencing the work to minimize risk and improve efficiency among other things. Cameron's contractor believes the current schedule is achievable and calls for in-service timeframes of mid-2018 for Train 1, end of 2018 for Train 2 and mid-2019 for Train 3. When we provide our 2018 earnings projections at the Analyst Conference, our results will reflect these estimated dates. It is important to note that Cameron JV's exposure is safeguarded in two important ways. First, the lump sum turnkey contract is generally designed to transfer certain cost overrun and schedule risk to Cameron's contractor. Second, Cameron JV's tariff adjustment mechanism is designed to materially preserve its IRR in connection with cost overruns and schedule changes. Sempra's focus continues to be delivering the overall long-term value of our interest in the Cameron JV to our shareholders, while reducing risk. Before I hand the call over to Jeff, I'd like to take a moment to address the current political and business environment. I will take a minute to address potential policy implications to Mexico and later Jeff will discuss potential tax reform. The current administration is focused on addressing the U.S. trade imbalance. The value of U.S. energy exports to Mexico in 2016 was more than twice the value of U.S. energy imports from Mexico, improving the U.S. trade imbalance. IEnova's business supports this by helping build the backbone of Mexico's energy infrastructure. We continue to see great growth potential in Mexico and will highlight some of the opportunities we see at the upcoming Analyst Conference. With that, I'll hand the call over to Jeff for his first earnings call as CFO. Please turn to slide 7.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. I have the good fortune of starting my new role on a positive note. We've updated our plan and are increasing our 2017 EPS guidance range. Our new 2017 guidance is $4.85 to $5.25 per share. Our new range is up from the previous guidance of $4.80 to $5.20, provided at last year's Analyst Conference. Next, I'll briefly discuss the key drivers of our updated guidance. First, both SDG&E and IEnova had strong performance in 2016, and we expect the improved performance to continue. Given the strong international growth opportunities, we're no longer planning to repatriate cash from current earnings from Mexico or Peru. Our plan is to indefinitely reinvest the cash locally in capital projects. Compared to previous guidance, our tax expense is lower because of this change. These benefits were partially offset by higher insurance costs at SDG&E and SoCalGas, that are not fully offset by cost savings included in our prior plan. Let's turn to slide 8 to discuss our financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $379 million or $1.51 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $383 million or $1.52 per share. Full-year 2016 earnings were $1.370 billion or $5.46 per share. This compares favorably to 2015 earnings of $1.349 billion or $5.37 per share. On an adjusted basis, 2016 earnings were $5.05 per share. This year you'll also see the organizational changes we announced last fall. Our operations are now combined into two groups, Sempra Utilities and Sempra Infrastructure. Individual financial results for each of our businesses can be found in the appendix. Next I'll go through a comparison of 2016 to 2015. This slide highlights our recent results and that they were impacted by several items. Debbie addressed the first five items earlier in her remarks. Please note that the change in our planned repatriation resulted in a reversal in 2016 of a $20 million tax charge taken in 2015. The other main drivers of the year-over-year comparison are as follows; $9 million of net higher earnings at the California utilities, offset by $14 million lower favorable impact from the resolution of prior year's taxes at parent and $25 million lower favorable impact from foreign currency and inflation effects at Sempra Mexico and the South American utilities. Next, let's please turn to slide 10. I'd like to end with a discussion on tax reform. There are a few proposals being circulated and we've evaluated several scenarios. At a high-level, we believe that most likely outcomes would not materially impact our projected earnings. At our California utilities, which represent almost 80% of our 2016 adjusted earnings, we don't expect any significant impact. It's important to remember there's been a history of flow-through treatment for major tax reform dating back to 1986 and we expect any differences to be recorded in the memo account established by our final 2016 GRC. Under that decision, you will recall, we're required to track the impacts of tax changes with amounts reviewed in the next rate case. There are also opportunities to offset any potential reduced rate base from 100% expensing with additional capital spending. When you consider the potential impact to our EPS five years from now, we expect there's a potential range of a negative 5% to 6% to a positive 5% to 6%. The low end assumes 20% corporate tax rate, 100% expensing of capital, immediate non-deductibility of interest, and a potential to use some foreign cash to reduce U.S. debt. In contrast, the high-end scenario has the same assumptions except Cameron qualifies for the border tax exemption and the non-deductibility of interest is confined to new debt only. We've also looked at additional scenarios, which we believe are more likely and involve some form of mitigation resulting in a range of negative 1% to 3%. To be clear, we found this to be the most likely outcome. It's uncertain if there'll be any material change to our current tax laws, but if they are the impacts to our earnings profile to be materially different than what is shown here. In the interim, we'll be working with key trade associations and independently to ensure that the unique aspects of our industry and our company are fully understood and fairly represented. Next, please turn to slide 11 for a few closing remarks from Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Jeff. In summary, we were able to meet our 2016 adjusted earnings guidance, while positioning ourselves for long-term success. We executed our operational plan and continue to resolve key challenges, including finalizing the GRC at our California utilities and most recently reaching a proposed settlement on the cost of capital extension, closing the PEMEX JV acquisition, winning the marine pipeline bid jointly with TransCanada and executing the successful IEnova equity follow-on offerings in Mexico. Selling REX and our Southeast utilities to more closely align our assets with our long-term growth strategy and making significant progress related to Aliso Canyon. These are just some of the accomplishments that have established our foundation for future success and give us confidence in our 2017 dividend growth and earnings guidance discussed today. We look forward to seeing many of you at our upcoming Analyst Conference here in San Diego on April 4 and April 5 and talking more then about our future. Finally, I'd like to take a minute to acknowledge Mark Snell for his extraordinary contributions to the success of Sempra. It has been a pleasure to work with him over the last 15 years, and we wish him well as he moves into the next chapter of his life. With that, we'll conclude our prepared comments and stop to take any questions you have.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our first question from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I just wanted to be – a couple of questions. First is, I just wanted to make sure it's clear that you're going to assume Train 1 mid-2018, Train 2 end of 2018, Train 3 in mid-2019, when you give us the guidance in April, but you have not formally agreed to a change in the contract in terms of the delivery dates, is that right?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Let me hit the high level and then I'll have Joe talk a little bit about where we are on that. As we look at the schedule on the trains, the schedule that you laid out is the schedule that has been confirmed by the contractors, the schedule that they believe that they can deliver the trains on. And we've been doing a lot of due diligence work both with the Cameron JV and then some follow-up meetings that the Sempra team has had with the contractor. And so, when we give our guidance – assuming nothing changes between now and the time we give our future guidance, we will be using that estimate that the contractor has affirmed to us as their current estimate. In terms of contractually, we're still working through all of those issues, but we've basically been using that as the schedule for the trains. Joe, do you want to add?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Greg. The concise answer to your question is no, we did not change the contract, but the contractor still has earlier dates in it. This is their working schedule that they're working with and the one they think is achievable.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So that's important for our understanding of the safeguards, right, that you're not giving – you're conceding that they won't owe you liquidated damages if they're late?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: We have not – that's correct, we've not. And as you might remember, our IRR pretty much stays intact, whether there is a change in cost or a change in schedule. The most important thing is our earnings are protected it's just a question really of what happens to the tariff with respect to the issue that (19:24).
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then Jeff I had a question for you, you commented on a decision to not undertake tax repatriation from South America, because of the better growth prospects there. So not to jump the gun on the Analyst Day presentation, but is it safe to assume that we're going to see higher regulated capital expenditures in Chile and the Peru versus the prior plan as a result of that reassessment?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Greg, thanks a lot for your question. I mean I think one of the things I would say in response is we had our largest ever capital campaign last year of $5.3 billion, that was driven largely by our California utilities with $2.7 billion. But we are seeing a lot more deal flow outside of our regulated utilities, a lot of that showed up last year in Mexico. I think from a repatriation standpoint, we're really looking at whether we can put those earnings to work in a more efficient way there locally. And that currently is our assumption going into our planning period. So this is something we probably as you indicated, we'll give you a lot more visibility on in April.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay, great. And then can I ask you know I know – this is last question for me, the list of changes on page 9 from 2015 to 2016. As I think about what the old guidance was and how you did significantly better than old guidance on what you delivered in 2016, thank you for that. So what were the key changes that happened as you sort of got into the fourth quarter that moved you from the middle of the old guidance range to where you actually delivered?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I think...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I would assume, they were some of the tax changes in the repatriation and some of the order tax things.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes, so I mean those were the major things that occurred, there were, we tried to delineate pretty much everything that was happening for the quarter and for the year. So you could get a good picture of it. And I think that the major issues were some of the tax things and then there was a change in the accounting methodology for stock-based compensation and that also had an effect for last year's results.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. One other clarification on Cameron, when you last talked about this, the contractors never had told you why there was a delay. So, have they clarified to you why the delay in the schedule?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes. I mean, what they've claimed is that much of the delay was due to weather conditions and as we've all known that there has been a lot of rain that's occurred. What I'd like to do though, was – Joe actually met with the principals of the CB&I yesterday with the lead director on our board for our – actually the chair of our LNG construction committee, and he is the prior CEO of Fluor. And so they both went and met with the principals of CB&I yesterday, and I thought – I think it might be helpful to add a little bit more color on what came from that meeting. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Steve. These are complex projects. There's thousands – there's over 20,000 line items of things that they're working on. So there's lots of things that go on in the project. Certainly weather is a factor among other things. One of the things that we spoke about yesterday when we talked about their confidence in meeting the working schedule is, they're making sure that logistically they're doing things in the best way possible. So, for example, they were talking about how they're going to move pieces of equipment directly to locations, reducing the use of cranes. There's so many different things, it's hard to characterize and pin anything on one particular item, because there are so many. But we had a good meeting with them yesterday and spoke about a number of issues. Again, remember that the Cameron joint venture is, the one in-charge of the contract with them and working with them on a daily basis and our director and I were there to basically do due diligence for Sempra to understand where they were and their confidence level in moving along and keeping to the working schedule and keeping that on track.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Want to – maybe just a little bit of a logistical question for the Analyst Day. Is your intention to still do the same kind of year-ahead outlook and then five-year outlook, as you've always done?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Our intention is to give the 2018 numbers and then to give a growth rate through 2021, consistent with...
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: ...ahead of our past practice.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And just at a high level and again I'm not sure this is fully possible right now, but just you mentioned like the repatriation changes, you have the updated schedule for Cameron, but is there any kind of things that we should just be kind of noting that have changed a lot versus the long-term outlook given then?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I think those are the things you named are the most significant things and we'll give you the details of that when we get to the Analyst Conference with laying out our 2018 numbers and then what has changed from when we last forecast 2018, which was several years ago. So, one thing as an example when we last forecast 2018, we still were forecasting REX in it. So, I mean I think most of those things you know about and I don't think that there is anything that I'm aware of that you probably don't already know about, but how it all comes together we'll share with you when we get to the Analyst Meeting.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. And I guess last question just on Mexico, you talked very briefly on it, but just maybe a little bit more color on how you're looking at the kind of political economic implications of the new administration and the like, and just maybe a little more color on, is it impacting future bids or kind of strategy around IEnova.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: No. We really haven't seen anything impacting our business in Mexico. We see amazing growth opportunities in Mexico, and what we see there happening is that the markets that are opening are creating additional opportunities for us. We see some electric transmission bids coming, renewables is a big focus, they've set a renewable portfolio standard. Those bids we see going forward and then we're really interested in some opportunities we see with liquids pipelines and receiving terminals. And so, we see that business continuing to move forward and in discussions that we've had with the officials in Mexico and then with some of the administration that this – when we look at energy imports, exports, the U.S. export is twice as much in the energy space to Mexico as we receive from Mexico. So it really meets what the focus is, is to correct any trade imbalances. And so we see that opportunity for us to continue to grow in the energy space in Mexico remaining under the administration. And so going forward, we'd be talking about a lot of opportunities that Carlos and his team have on the drawing board right now, when we get to our Analyst Meeting, and are very excited about it.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now go to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Hi. One housekeeping question and then one maybe more structural question. On the housekeeping side, can you just talk about the impact of bonus depreciation over the next couple of years, and also your position under current tax law in terms of cash tax payments levels over the next couple of years?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I'm going to have Jeff and Trevor talk about that. As Jeff mentioned, when we looked at the provisions of tax reform going forward and the impact of bonus depreciation beyond the time that we had envisioned in our plan, because when we gave you our plans, we always looked at the bonus depreciation effect in the plans as far as that had been continued. Now if that continues beyond the timeframe, Jeff indicated to you that we thought it would be – it's about a 10% more capital or about a $100 million of each utility that would need to be spent to offset that, and we feel that that is very achievable with the kinds of long-term projects that we have like PSEP underway. So, but I'll have Jeff specifically talk on the cash tax impact.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Good morning, Michael. I will just start by saying that when you get back to what the policymakers' priorities are in California, you think about safety and reliability and grid modernization. I mean, these are kind of ride in the wheelhouse. So we think it is important to our customers. So, if you go back to the original conversation on bonus depreciation several years ago, I think what you've really seen is the company is spending more capital to meet the policymakers' requirements, and no real change in terms of the impact to our rate base. And I think to Debbie's point, the bonus depreciation rules, which are in place today, were really reflected in the guidance we laid out last summer. And then on a going-forward basis, if you did move under tax reform to a 100% expensing, I think what we've laid out is, to Debbie's point again, it would require us about another $100 million of incremental capital at each of our utility to not have any erosion to our rate base. So, I think one of the things that we're kind of embolden by as we spend about – invest about $2.7 billion in 2016, which is one of our highest shares ever in terms of capital deployment at SoCalGas and SDG&E, we have lots of opportunity going forward. So I think there is a fair amount of enthusiasm of getting to the Analyst Day and kind of laying out that larger capital plan. And then with respect to cash taxes, currently, we had an effective tax rate last year of 21%, we think that probably goes up slightly going into 2017, but currently, we are not in a cash taxpaying situation.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Yes, we're not in a cash taxpaying situation throughout the period of the plan that we will be presenting.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then, Debbie, thinking a little more structural, you made the organizational shift kind of creating a Utilities Group and an Infrastructure Group. Are you rethinking the broader structure, meaning are you and the board rethinking the broader structure of Sempra at all about what pieces fit well together and have natural synergies with each other across the multiple different businesses and multiple different geographies you serve, and whether there is a greater opportunity to create value, if maybe some of the pieces aren't part of the same corporate puzzles?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I mean, Michael, we always look at that, and that we always assess the structure of our company, we look at the assets that we have and which assets we want to keep and which we want to dispose of. I mean I think you've seen us do that clearly. We – in the last year we sold REX and we sold the Mobile Gas and Willmut Gas. And so, we always look at those things, and there is nothing in the near-term offing for that, but as those businesses continue to grow; we've tried to preserve optionality. I mean that was one reason we did the IPO in Mexico, we have an ownership in Peru that is outside of our ownership and we tried to structure these things in a way that will give us flexibility. The businesses no longer fit together in a portfolio that we would have the option of changing the way the businesses are structured, but there is nothing that we have – you should not read this as a sign that anything is planned now.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Debbie. Much appreciated.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So, on Cameron, in terms of – I mean if I heard your comments, you sound like you guys were a little bit more oriented maybe towards reducing risks, and I didn't hear as much about expansion or potential expansion, is there been a change or are there any thoughts that, just basically how you guys always have thought about it or is there any sort of reassessment or any change in how you look at the risk or opportunity at Cameron?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: When we – what Joe was going through is, when we structured Cameron, we were very clear on the risk that Sempra was willing to keep and the risk that we wanted to lay off to other parties. And for Trains 1 through 3, it was very clear to us that we did not want to take the construction risk associated with either pricing or timing of construction, because we were not doing the construction and we were not – you have a joint venture overseeing the construction, it wasn't Sempra alone overseeing the construction. So, we fashioned this in a way that we protected our shareholder interest and keeping the economics of the project solid, regardless of what happened with the timing or the cost of construction. We laid those risks off intentionally. That's not to say that we're not looking at expansion and when we did that contract, we also looked at the expandability of the facility and we had terms in the agreement that went through, how we would expand to a 5-train facility. We've commented before that one of our partners has not been willing to provide the equity for the expansion and that we are working to resolve those issues with that partner, so that we can expand to a Train 4, that we've had meetings with that partner and the principals of that partner and are in discussions with them to see, if we can reach a resolution on that. And then, once we get that resolved, we are very interested in continuing forward with Cameron Train 4, because we think it's going to be one of the lowest cost options in the marketplace and it's a really good option. And so, nothing has changed in that, but as we told you before, we've got to resolve this partner issue in order for us to move forward with expansion and we're diligently working on that now.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then, I apologize for being – if I missed this. But the border tax adjustment, it just isn't intuitive to me why that would apply, what is it that – how does that work I guess, why would...
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes, I'm going to have – go ahead with your question. I am sorry.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm just wondering, I guess, just simply, why would it apply to Cameron in the first place, I guess?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Okay. I'm going to have Jeff go through that for Cameron and as we indicated, we think it's not a highly likely scenario, but there are, depending on how this is drafted in terms of the final tax provisions, and we all know that's a moving target now, so that there are some ways where it could apply and be a benefit. Jeff?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Good afternoon, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good afternoon.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: I think just as you think about it, under a border adjustment, the taxes will apply to where the goods are consumed rather than produced. And the thing that hits us most directly as you recall, we have two facilities that actually we import power in the United States from. The first one is our Mexicali Power Plant referred to as TdM, that one is held for sale, so we expect that will resolve itself by middle of the summer. And then secondly, IEnova has the ESJ wind farm that dispatches into the California grid. We've done some assessment around that and the applicable taxes, if border adjustment did go forward and we think that's a non-material issue to our company. But what's a little bit interesting is, if you think about the Cameron facility, it's probably unlikely, Paul, that it would apply to us, but there have been scenarios in different bad countries, where the export exemption has applied upstream. So think about that as a towing facility, no different than a power plant, right? Our customers bring gas to the facility and they are ultimately the ultimate exporter from the facility, it's just something we want to track closely, because if you did see a decline in the corporate tax rate from 35% to 20%, if the border adjustment did apply, it would be reducing the tax on Cameron an incremental 20% to 0%. So again, to Debbie's point, it's probably speculative at this point. It will really depend on how the legislation is written, but it's something that we'll be actively following.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then I guess the sundry item on the balance sheet went up about $100 million I think from Q3 to Q4. Was there any earnings impact associated with that?
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Paul, it's Trevor. No, there is no earnings impact with that. Primarily what the increase there is it's the greenhouse gas allowances and then also the assets associated with the pension benefit. So, those are really the drivers on the increase, but no P&L impacts on those items. We used to combine the Rabbi Trust in there and then that, any movement in the Rabbi Trust would have a small P&L impact, but there we've broken it out a couple lines above.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Thanks.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: And we'll go next to Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Good afternoon. Faisel from Citi. Have you guys looked at this sort of the smaller scale LNG or modular scale LNG sort of concept that we've seen both Cheniere talk about and this new start-up, Tellurian, talk about, have you guys looked at that as sort of a competing technology to the expansions at Cameron?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: We have looked at that technology. We specifically looked at it for ECA and whether or not something like that would be better than trying to convert the facility at Costa Azul. Joe, do you want to comment on that?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Faisel, as Debbie said, we continue to look at many of these things, we look at a lot of projects. We're very mostly focused on the three projects, the Cameron expansion, the Port Arthur and ECA facility and building the larger scale trains, we think those will have the best economics and in terms of getting to the large scale customers. I think a lot of these smaller scale wins work well in the emerging markets things and some of the other ones, but that's not where our current focus is.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. Because some of these facilities are modular design, but they're still large facilities like 50 million ton, 20 million ton facilities, but I guess with what these new companies are advertising or our technologies are advertising is that they can get the cost structure sort of down below a certain number to make them competitive, so it sounds like you guys have looked at this technology and it's not necessary – you don't think it's cost competitive with the bigger scale trains.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes. And what I would say is that we've looked at this several times and that it depends on the market that you want to serve, and when we looked at it, as we were looking at potentially serving the Hawaiian market out of Costa Azul and something like that for a smaller market may make sense. I mean most of what we're looking at is the focus on the lowest cost for the volume of the facility and we don't see that technology as being the best technology when you have the kind of facilities that we have, that have great shipping up lanes and docking potential and all of that. If you had to serve islands in the Caribbean or Hawaii, it's by application and by the market you are going after and that we tend to go after the larger markets with long-term contracts and that's kind of our business plan.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: These might eventually turnout okay, but when you are dealing with the big utilities, you're looking for something that has sustained reliability over long periods of time and they want to make sure that when they sign up for something that you are going to be able to deliver operating results over long periods of time.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yes.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. I would now turn the conference back to Debbie Reed for any additional or closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, thanks for joining us this morning. We really appreciated the questions and we hope to see all of you at our Analyst Conference on April 4 and April 5 in San Diego. And if you have any follow-up questions our IR team will be available to respond to them later today. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy Dennis V. Arriola - Sempra Energy Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy Octávio Simões - Sempra LNG Corp Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Andrew Levi - Avon Capital
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy: Good morning and welcome to Sempra Energy's third quarter financial presentation. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investor section. With me in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Chief Financial Officer; Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel; Trevor Mihalik, Chief Accounting Officer; Dennis Arriola, Chief Executive Officer of SoCalGas; Jeff Martin, Chief Executive Officer of SDG&E; and Octávio Simões, President of Sempra LNG. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our third quarter 2016 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to indicate that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, November 2, 2016, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Rick. During the third quarter, our strong operating and financial performance continued across the company. Our third quarter financial results keep us on track to achieve our 2016 adjusted earnings guidance of $4.60 per share to $5 per share. I would like to start off with an update on Cameron LNG. Last week, Cameron JV's EPC contractor gave indication that the project is facing delays. Cameron JV and the partners are assessing the information. Any delay would likely cause 2018 and 2019 Cameron earnings to be lower than anticipated, but those earnings would be made up over time. Most importantly, our NPV should be substantially maintained as the tariff adjusts as a result of the delay. I will go into further details in a moment. Moving on to other important elements of our base plan, I'm pleased to say that since our Analyst Conference in July, our team has been successfully executing on our projects. At IEnova, we have closed the approximately $1.1 billion acquisition of PEMEX's interest in the joint venture and issued $1.6 billion of follow-on equity. At the California utilities, we continue to make progress on our $12 billion five-year capital plan. Most recently, the CPUC has approved the Sycamore-Peñasquitos electric transmission project at SDG&E. We've also made progress on securing development opportunities that can enhance our value propositions. At IEnova, we plan on adding approximately 400 megawatts of new renewable projects. At SDG&E, we received CPUC approval to own and operate 37.5 megawatts of energy storage that we expect to be placed into service in the first quarter of 2017. Now, please turn to slide 5. Let me start with an update on Cameron Trains 1 through 3. Last week, Cameron JV received indication from its EPC contractor, that the in-service date for each train may be facing delay. The contractor's information reflects updated in-service dates as follows: mid-2018 for Train 1; late-2018 for Train 2; and mid-2019 for Train 3. Sempra and our partners are assessing this new information and ways to mitigate any impact. We are disappointed with the short-term delay, because at Sempra, we take great pride in delivering projects on time and on budget. But under a lump-sum turnkey construction agreement, the contractor retains the responsibility and overall control of the project schedule. The good news is that EPC contract does provide for liquidated damages for certain delays. Those damages would be factored into the tariff and would alleviate some of the impact to Cameron's customers. As a reminder, our JV partners are also our customers. The terms of our agreements provide that EPC schedule delays and changes in costs results in tariff adjustments. The adjustments are designed to substantially maintain the expected NPV on the project. Therefore, delays are not likely to impact the project's overall NPV. However, any construction delays would likely defer a portion of 2018 and 2019 Cameron earnings. We had originally anticipated all three trains being in service by the end of 2018. To give you a sense of the impact, Sempra's expected quarterly earnings from the project when all three trains are in service in 2019 are approximately $80 million. Moving to Cameron Train 4. Any expansion of Cameron beyond the first three trains requires unanimous consent from our equity partners. One of the partners has indicated they do not want to invest additional capital for an expansion. Discussions among the partners have been going on for several months, and we are considering a variety of options that may result in a clearer path to an expansion. Although we can't project timing until we receive the necessary approvals, we continue to believe a Cameron expansion would be well positioned as one of the lowest-cost sources of global LNG supply. As a reminder, LNG expansions had never been part of our base plan. Now, please turn to the next slide for an update on IEnova. We are proud of our recent accomplishments in Mexico. Our new investments in IEnova are underpinned by dollar-based long-term contracts consistent with Sempra strategy. They enhance Sempra's Mexico's value of proposition by diversifying its growth platforms and customer base. IEnova recently completed the purchase of PEMEX's 50% equity interest in our shared joint venture. In October, IEnova raised $1.6 billion in a follow-on equity issuance, primarily to finance the PEMEX acquisition and other growth. The equity offering was the largest follow-on deal in Mexico in the last two years. It was substantially oversubscribed and priced at a 5% premium to the launch of marketing. Sempra purchased $351 million of IEnova stock and now owns approximately 66% of the company. The strong deal showing is market confirmation that we have been successful with our strategy in Mexico. In September, IEnova announced nearly 400 megawatts of additional renewable projects that are in addition to the base plan. This includes the acquisition of the 252-megawatt Ventika wind facility. Ventika went into service in April of this year and is the largest wind farm in Mexico. We expect to close the transaction in the fourth quarter. And 141 megawatts of solar capacity awarded in Mexico's second renewable auction. Operations are scheduled to come online in the first half of 2019. We continue to see a large amount of growth opportunities in Mexico that fit our strategy. Now, please turn to slide 7 for several other business updates. As noted in the press, we are working on an agreement to purchase a 50% equity interest in the Southern Peru Pipeline project. It is an approximately $6.5 billion natural gas pipeline. We are hopeful an agreement can be reached, but there is no assurance and we are still resolving several significant issues. We are not able to comment on this further at this time. Moving on to Aliso Canyon. SoCalGas has made significant infrastructure technology and safety enhancements to the facility. We are continuing the process to resume injections by requesting authority from DOGGR and the CPUC this week, which could be approved by year-end. Regarding the root cause analysis, we expect to receive the final report sometime in the first half of 2017, but the timing is dictated by DOGGR, the CPUC and Blade Energy. Next, we've settled the only criminal suit with the LA County District Attorney's Office for approximately $4 million. The settlement covers a small fine and penalty and enhancements to safety and methane monitoring at the site. The settlement is still subject to court approval. Also, if you'll recall, we previously stated our insurance coverage was over $1 billion. We are now providing a more precise range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. We have received a total of $94 million of insurance proceeds to-date. The total cost estimate has increased to $763 million. The increase is primary related to updated cost estimates for the third-party root cause analysis and the claims recovery process associated with the temporary relocation program. Please refer to our third quarter 2016 10-Q for more detail on the costs included and excluded from our estimated cost and our insurance coverage. Before I hand the call over to Joe, let me discuss the management changes we recently announced. Mark Snell is going to retire in March of 2017. Although we are sad to see Mark leave, we appreciate his many contributions to Sempra. We also announced several other management changes as part of our succession planning. One of our strengths is the ability to develop an experienced and diverse leadership team. We strive to identify talented leaders within our organization and expand their experience across different areas of our business. These management changes are part of our succession planning process to ensure all leadership transitions can be made smoothly with no disruptions to our business. With that, I will hand it over to Joe for his last time as CFO to review the quarterly financial results, starting on slide 8.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $622 million, or $2.46 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported third quarter earnings of $259 million, or $1.02 per share, compared to third quarter adjusted earnings in 2015 of $248 million, or $0.99 per share. This quarter, we have three adjustments to GAAP earnings. First, as Debbie mentioned, we completed the acquisition of PEMEX's interest in the GdC joint venture and recorded a gain of $350 million, which represents the step up in value of our previously existing ownership interest. Second, U.S. Gas & Power closed the sale of its southeast utilities and recorded a gain of $78 million. And finally, as part of the TdM sales process, additional market information became available this quarter that required us to reconsider its current book value. As a result, we recorded a net $65 million non-cash charge at Sempra Mexico. All three of these items are excluded from third quarter 2016 adjusted earnings and our 2016 adjusted guidance. I'd like to point out that this quarter, we adopted a new accounting standard on stock-based compensation, resulting in a benefit of $34 million retroactive to January 1, 2016, which is reflected in the results for the nine months that had no impact on third quarter results. Please turn to slide 9, and I will discuss the key factors impacting our quarterly earnings. Quarter-over-quarter, adjusted earnings were impacted by the following items. At the California utilities, we had $21 million of higher earnings, primarily due to higher CPUC base margin, net of operating expenses. Sempra International had $13 million of lower earnings, including a $4 million unfavorable impact from foreign currency transactional effects, and inflation in the current year, compared to a $16 million favorable impact in 2015 as a result of significant devaluation of the Mexican peso versus the dollar in 2015. This was partially offset by $5 million of higher operational earnings in Mexico and Peru. I would also like to mention an item that didn't impact this quarter, but it could moving forward. Now that we have closed the PEMEX JV acquisition, we have larger deferred tax balances in Mexico. This increases our exposure to Mexican peso movements in the future. You can find individual financial results for our businesses in the Business Unit Earnings Section. I will wrap up by going over a few of our highlights. Based on our financial results, we are reaffirming our 2016 adjusted EPS guidance of $4.60 per share to $5 per share. Our 2016 GAAP EPS guidance is $5 per share to $5.40 per share. Our primary focus as a company is executing on our base plan. We had a strong quarter with IEnova closing the PEMEX JV acquisition and completing a $1.6 billion equity issuance. We are also working to drive additional growth with new development opportunities. Just this past quarter, additional battery storage was ordered at SDG&E and approximately 400 megawatts of renewable projects were announced at IEnova. Incremental projects like these that fit our strategy can enable us to grow during and beyond the five years of our base plan. With that, we will conclude our prepared comments and stop to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. So, quick question, following up on the LNG piece first. Can you elaborate a little bit of what the impact is to 2020? Just – if you suggest that the NPV remains the same, does that mean the tariff is actually adjusting up the NPV for you? And so, what does that mean for EPS? And then secondly, can you elaborate a little bit on the nature of the delay?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Let me try to just give a little more color around the situation. We received notice last week of this, and what they indicated when they gave us notice was just the in-service dates that they anticipated were the three trains that I went over in the prepared remarks that that will be Train 1, mid-2018; Train 2, the end of 2018; and Train 3, mid-2019. They didn't give us any indication officially of the cause of the delay, but on their call, they indicated that there has been rain at the site and at their fabrication facility that's located near Baton Rouge. And apparently, they have some flooding, particularly at their fabrication facility. In terms of 2020, we're not going to revise any guidance for 2020 at this point. Obviously, we have a lot going on between this and potential of the Peruvian pipeline. And so, we're not going to do any update to guidance. But we try to give you an indication as kind of the economics of the three trains – of all three trains that are operating. And what this delay would be, because we had said previously we expected all three trains to be in service by the end of 2018. So, I think with what we've given you, you could kind of calculate what you would anticipate. In terms of the NPV, and this is very important, the way the tariff works is that the IRR was established that when we signed the contract for the project. And at the end of construction of the first train, then all of the assumptions are trued up, what the capital costs are and then what the amount is of the toll in order to maintain the IRR that was agreed upon. And so, that will occur. And then, so we will collect those dollars to achieve the same NPV on the project as we would have, had it gone in service on the originally planned day. And the toll actually goes up in future years as the way that it's calculated. But this will cause a delay in 2018 and 2019 earnings, as I stated in my comments. I hope that was clear, Julien. Was that helpful?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Absolutely. Thank you. And then just quickly, if you can actually, on the Peru piece. I know you don't want to comment too much, but what is the nature of the, I think, "significant issues" that you're resolving?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, that mean, there's commercial issues that are in the final stages of resolution. And then, we will have a number of conditions precedent if we can reach conclusion of the commercial issues in order to be sure that we have done the kind of diligence we want on the assets. And so, I would not at all say that this is near a done deal, but we're working on it. There's still meetings going on. And so, we're hopeful but we're also cautious.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Absolutely. Thank you very much.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Just to clarify your answer to Julien on the IRR, so it doesn't sound like it would have a material accretive impact on any one given year, given that you probably – one presumption would be that you just have an increase in the levelized toll over the course of the life of the contract in order to get back to your IRR. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: That's a fair way to think about it. And then when you calculate the NPV with the delay or without the delay, it ends up being basically the same number, close to the same number. And so, that's exactly what happened. So, it increase earnings in future years as a result of a delay. And the same thing happens if there's an increase in project costs then the toll gets adjusted.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. At what point would you be in a position to start to get liquidated damages? Are you implying that a six-month delay does not tip you into that zone in the contract, but a further delay would?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Liquidated damages would apply depending on what the source of the delay is. And that's one of the things that is going to be a subject for discussion. As I said, we just got this notice last week. And the partners have not had the opportunity to sit down with CB&I and Chiyoda, and really understand what is the source of the delays, what can be done to mitigate some of those delays. None of those discussions have occurred since this notice came last week. Those will be occurring in the next several weeks. I will say many of us visited the site last week. Construction is progressing and that there's a lot of work that's been done on the site, but until we really sit down and understand what's driving some of the schedule changes, it's too early to speculate what the liquidated damages would be. But the contractor does have delay liquidated damages as part of their contract. And those go against capital cost for the project in reducing capital cost, so that's the way it works.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Got you. What was your peso exposure before and what is it now?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I'm going to have Joe address that in terms of the change with the – I think you're talking about looking at the change now with the acquisition of the...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: In other words, before the deal, what was your exposure to a given change in the exchange rate and what is it now?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Hi, Greg. So, what we wanted to do here is make sure that everybody had the visibility into the fact that we have monetary assets and liabilities and we have deferred taxes. And because the tax system calculates all of our taxes in pesos, these dollar-denominated items, when they're converted to pesos, obviously, can move. And so, we see some impact of that. Over the last number of years, it's generally been a pretty close push between what was happening if the currencies are all moving in the same direction, what's happening in Chile, Peru and Mexico kind of offset each other. What we've wanted to explain is because we have more deferred taxes now, because we're acquiring the other half of this joint venture, our exposure to peso-dollar movement will move on that deferred tax liability and some of our monetary assets and liabilities. It's hard to predict because, obviously, we would have to forecast what the effect of the dollar-peso movement would be over the course of the year. Last year, we actually had a positive, a significant positive benefit to earnings because of this. Just to remind everybody, we do hedge our current tax liabilities. So, if there's a cash impact, then we hedge that to make sure we don't have a cash impact, but we don't hedge the deferred tax liabilities because it's just an accounting item that moves up and down and that would be costly to do. So, I can't give you a precise number. What we wanted to give you some visibility into is, we've been saying for the past five years or so, that we have a natural hedge between Chile, Peru and Mexico when the currencies are moving in the same direction against the dollar. Now, it'll be a little bit more tilted to Mexico. It can move up and it can move down and it will. And so, there'll be a little bit more exposure, but again, it's a non-cash exposure.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Got you. Final question. Can you give us what the earnings impact is of the renewable energy projects on page 6 that you won are relative to the base case that you gave out at Analyst Day?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: No. We don't – I mean, we don't give project-by-project earnings. What we'll do is when we give you our updates on the February call for 2017, and then we give you our update at the Analyst Conference for 2018, we'll give you that information as part of our adjusted projection. So, we don't do them by projects. But they're the same. What I would say is, our renewable projects are all like high single-digit returns and that, this is about 400 megawatts in total of the adds that will come in over the next three years or so.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: When you say returns, you're meaning return on equity, IRR? How should – something like that?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Non-levered IRR. Yeah.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Chris Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Sticking with Cameron Trains 1 through 3 for a second. I just wanted to understand maybe some context with other larger projects that you guys have done in the past and any issues that you might have had there? When you see something like this kind of get announced by the contractor this early in the process and taking the consideration that you have built in kind of time and cost contingencies into the overall package so far, where do we shake out here, is this the contractor being especially conservative and maybe there's a chance down the road that they get back on schedule or is this kind of a sign of something even worse to come? And then just a point of clarification as well on the kind of NPV staying whole, are you guys being made whole for that if the contractor is not responsible then just I guess, mathematically, it would be the counter-parties that are absorbing all of that potential risk, if that's correct?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Okay. Let me try to address – I think there were multiple questions in there, so let me try to address those. If you look at the delay notice, like I said, we just got it last week. We have not had the opportunity to sit down with the contractor and discuss, we'll be doing that within the next week or so. What I will say, though, is that the project is about 57% complete in total. And all the materials are on site for the construction. We were there last week. All of the cooling units were on Train 1. I mean, there's been a lot of construction progress and so it's not like early – not really early on, I would say, in the progress of the project. And it's the contractors' responsibility when they feel that there is a potential for a delay to give us those notifications and that's what they did just last week. As I said, all we know is that on their call, they said that there was rain at the site and at their fabrication facility that caused some flooding. We don't know what the actual cause of the delay is, until we get in and have a chance to have them explain to us what they're looking at, and then look at what the potential is to mitigate some of those. It's really hard for us to assess the likelihood of it getting better through those discussions, but we'll be making every effort to have that occur. I'm not sure if I answered all of your questions with that. I think there was one other thing that I might have missed, but...
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: About the NPV...
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: NPV.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: ...if it's not the contractor, does it go to a customer?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. And it does go through the toll to the customers. And that was the agreement that was established, that all of the LDs (28:08) would go against the capital cost which would also reduce the toll to the customer. So, to the extent there's a delay that's caused by the contractor, the customers benefit from that in a reduced toll, because it reduces capital cost, but to the extent that there's a delay and that that increases the toll. And that's the way we designed it. Everyone was full knowledge. I mean, part of the thing that's actually very good is that when we did our contract, we really tried to mitigate the risk for Sempra in terms of the long-term value of this project. And so, we set it up to where we were not the ones that bore the risk for these things. And that the NPV of the project remain the same and that the contractor has responsibility for delay. And the contractor has a lump sum turnkey contract. The only way that they can increase cost is by change orders. So, that was the design of the project, to really mitigate the risk long-term to our shareholders. And I think it's showing that it's pretty effective in doing that in the long-term, while it may affect some of the shorter term.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: I think it's important, too, to have perspective about over four-year construction project starting when we took up ID (29:25) in 2014 and going through now. And this is moving from their information to us, a fairly small amount in terms of that, but we wanted you to all understand what the impact could be to some of the earnings numbers that we've given you, because even though it's a small percentage on the construction timeline, we wanted everybody to see the visibility to that.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for that extra clarity there. That's helpful to hear. And then just on the Peruvian project, I understand that you can't give us much in the way of detail around the negotiations right now or kind of maybe the timing of that specifically. But were you to be successful, would this require Sempra level equity and what would that mean in terms of the current plan to end the repatriation of cash at the end of, I think, 2018?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: All I can tell you on that is, those are all things we're looking at right now and looking what the alternatives are. And that, until we know if we have the project and we know what it would cost and we know what the cash flows are going to be on it, it's really difficult to give any speculation. I'm not going to speculate on that. When we update our numbers, you'll see some of that. And we will – if we get the project, then our numbers will be updated when we do the call on the Analyst Conference.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And that was something where previously when you were negotiating for that a couple of years ago, you hadn't given any numbers out at that time either?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. And, no, we haven't given any numbers. We don't give numbers if we don't – until we know we have something, until we know how we're going to finance it, and that we have some confidence in the numbers. So...
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's clear. Thanks, guys.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks.
Operator: We will go next to Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Most of my questions have been hit on. I just wanted to discuss Aliso Canyon. You've given an updated insurance range. I wondered if you could just talk at a high level as to what caused the adjustment to that range. And then, sort of related, when you look at all the claims, how are you generally feeling in terms of ability of your insurance to cover those claims?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. We're still feeling good about our insurance ability to cover the claims. And when we looked at – we looked at our reserve on an ongoing basis, based upon new knowledge of cost. One of the key things that caused our estimate to go up is the work that's being done on the root cause analysis and the fact that the third parties that are doing work on that are expecting a delay. And with the expectation of a delay in getting the outcome there, we would expect the cost to be slightly higher. And so, we took that into account. And then the other thing is, we're going through now recovery with our insurance on all the relocation expense, and validating all of the claims, so we have full insurance recoverability. And that – and going through that, that has taken a lot more detail type of work to get the claims ready, and so we included some of the costs associated with that. Those were the two drivers for the change in cost. I will say, these costs will be updated over time though, as we get into litigation, as we get into – knowing what legal costs we're incurring and knowing what litigation claims, any settlements that have been reflected with parties on any of the potential claims, fines or penalties, or other claims. As an example on this reserve, we did reach a settlement with the LA County DA, District Attorney, on the criminal charges and reached a settlement on that. And so, once we could quantify that, then that goes into the reserve number that we give you. So, those are the kinds of things that would continue to flow through in updates of that reserve. We've also spent, though, time looking at our insurance. And looking at what the types of claims we have, the types of claims that have been filed and what the insurance coverage is and being able to refine that a bit. And so, we're able to give you kind of a better estimate of what the range of insurance we believe is available.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. That's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Faisel.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning. I just want to understand with the delay in Trains 1 through 3, does that affect the marketing at all of Train 4?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Not directly, but I think indirectly in that, in order to go forward with Train 4, we need a few things. We need our partner consent. And as I said, we're working with one of the partners to try to get their consent. They've decided to not put equity in. And so, we're trying to look at how we would structure to move forward without them contributing equity, and have been having numerous ongoing discussions and communications with them about trying to resolve that. The other thing is, we need lenders' consent to move forward with Train 4. And the lenders are going to want to see that we've made reasonable progress on Trains 1 through 3, before giving that. So, that would be how I would see it having some impact, but it's not a direct impact.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Got it. And then, on the renewable projects in Mexico. I'm just trying to understand at a high-level, just trying to understand the potential growth in the renewables business within Mexico. Is the transmission system within the country well-developed enough to sort of handle all this wind and some of these solar projects coming online? I'm just trying to understand if these megawatts make it to market or are we getting too far ahead of ourselves before the transmission's developed?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Actually, that was one of the things that we looked at very carefully when we looked at – the one we acquired is already in operation. So, the transmission is there. And the two projects that we bid on, the solar projects that we won, we looked very carefully at what the transmission was, and we were very selective on what we bid based upon that. But there's great opportunity in transmission in Mexico. They're expecting two bids to be out within the next – in 2017 that would each be about $1.2 billion for transmission upgrades to their system. And that's a great opportunity for IEnova to participate in those bids. I think you will see a lot more. As you've seen in other markets where renewables start getting integrated, I think you will see a lot more investment in electric transmission occurring in Mexico. But, in the near-term, they've already announced those two bids.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Got you. And then you guys' decision to participate in the equity offering, the amount that you guys decided to take down the equity offering, was there some calculus behind that in terms of how you came to that amount?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I'm going to ask Joe to talk about that, because there was some – a lot of thought about where want it to be and where we want to position ourselves for now. But I'm going to ask Joe to address that.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Faisel. Yeah. We said last year when we announced the deal for the PEMEX JV that we would basically take two years of the dividend flows from IEnova to us, hold those in our Mexican holding company and reinvest that. And we said it would probably be in the $300 million to $350 million range. And Mark and I spend a lot of time with Carlos talking about how much we should take. We got a lot of advice from our IEnova investors of how you guys should maybe not do it, we want to own more. So, definitely there was a lot of demand for this equity which was great. The roadshow was very similar to the IPO. We got a lot of orders every day and it was a really amazing roadshow with the investors. At the end of the day, we wanted to make sure, because we really love these assets and this business that we maintained a strong ownership interest in it. And so, we kind of went to the max, because we were actually issuing more equity than we originally put on the table when we started the roadshow and upside to that amount. So, we did about the top end of what we said we were going to do.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Got it. And then just on Aliso, I mean, is it possible – can the in-service date or the return of the service of the storage facility, can that be before the root cause analysis is done or do we have to wait for that to get done? I'm just trying to understand if there's – if that can actually happen before there's a resolution.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes. It can happen before the root cause analysis is done. Let me have Dennis kind of walk you through what the process is that DOGGR and the CPUC will use over the next month or so. As we did make our filing yesterday to put the field back in service and for DOGGR and CPUC to do the certification that's required. So, Dennis, do you want to kind of walk...
Dennis V. Arriola - Sempra Energy: Sure. Hi, Faisel. Yeah. When the new law SB 380 was put in place, it was put in – it was established independently of when the root cause analysis was going to be completed. There are basically two different tracks there that we've complied with everything that's required under – we believe, under SB 380 and that's why we made the filing yesterday. So, the process now is that DOGGR and the Public Utilities Commission are going to be reviewing all of the data and the information that we submitted. They're required under the law to hold a public hearing, which they have to give 15-day notice to. And we expect that sometime soon, they'll establish the date for that and they'll go through the process. But as Debbie mentioned, they are independent tracks all together, the root cause analysis, as well as the satisfaction of the comprehensive safety review that's laid out in SB 380.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Okay. That makes sense. I just want to wish Mark well in his retirement in case I didn't get a chance...
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Faisel.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): ...to talk to him before the next quarterly call.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Okay.
Operator: We will go next to Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Hi, Debbie. I know you don't have specifics on why the six-month delay, but could you maybe just – is there a way you can make us more comfortable that six months doesn't turn into 12 months or 18 months? Could you talk about that or less, but why should we be worried about it being more?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I mean, I think that if you look at where construction is now, a lot of the major pieces of construction have been done. And some of the issues that were the most critical that have more time sensitivity dealt with all the foundational work, and that's all been done. So, I mean, I think when you see the progress, and some of you will see the progress when you visit the facility, you'll get a sense that the work is moving forward, it's up to the contractor to give us their best estimates of the timeframe, and it's probably not in their interest to give us something that they don't feel like they're going to be able to meet. And so, at this point in time, we feel all we had is their estimate and that we have to have some credibility. I think our view is that there are some things that might be done that could actually shorten some of the timeframes. But we don't know what the issues are that were driving the delays. And so, that's one of the things that we need to spend some time on. And so, I'd love to give you comfort, but until we get through some of those discussions with the contractor, I don't think it's a thing that I should be doing. I think we need to go through those discussions, have those discussions, understand the delay, look at the mitigation plans to the extent possible to try to reduce delays, and then come up with what we really all feel is the correct information. And we did not want to not tell you about this, because we got this notification. We all know it also puts us in a difficult position because we feel that we can work some of this, but we haven't had the time to do that yet. And we will, and by the time we talk to you again, we will have that information.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I don't know, Octávio, do you want to add anything to that?
Octávio Simões - Sempra LNG Corp: No.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Okay.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: And just one other clarification on Cameron is the – are weather conditions and flooding and things like that something that would be kind of like a force majeure on a timing or no?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Not just weather conditions, no. There are certain provisions of the contract that are very well-defined as what constitutes the force majeure. And just having rain and bad weather would not be a force majeure.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. Switching gears just to detail clarifications. The $34 million of stock-based comp change, is that pre-tax or after-tax? And would you still be in your range for this year if that did not happen?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Let's have Trevor talk about it.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Yeah, Steve, this is Trevor. That's a tax item, so it's really an after-tax adjustment.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then would you still be in your range this year if that had not happened?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Yes. Yes, we would.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just on the PEMEX currency volatility, should we assume that it's still kind of goes the same way as in the past, i.e., if the peso weakens, it tends to be a benefit; and if the peso strengthens, it tends to be a hurt, or is that also unpredictable?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Steve, this is Joe. Yeah. I would say generally that is correct. Because it measures deferred taxes and monetary assets and liabilities, it could swing around if we had cash positions or debt positions and the deferred taxes, of course, over time will move. So, I think, directionally, you have it right, it should be in the same direction.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yes.
Operator: We will go next to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Couple of questions. First of all, your thoughts on U.S. renewable opportunities for Sempra. Just curious in terms of whether you still see significant opportunities at all or none for either contracted wind or contracted solar growth for U.S. Gas & Power?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: We see some great opportunities for growth in renewables. And we're working on several projects where we've secured kind of the rights and the contracts and that are in early stages of development. We have the ability to expand the Mesquite side. We have the ability to expand the Broken Bow Wind side. And so, we think that with all of the RPS standards that are coming across the country that there are some good growth opportunities for renewables. I will say that the returns on renewables have gone down over time. And so, what we look at is, we really have good projects that have decent returns on them, because otherwise we can invest our capital. And so, we always look at the allocation of our capital to the projects to give us the highest returns. And since we're not – renewable is just one of the things we do. We're not going to just go after building megawatts. We're going to go after building megawatts that give us good return on our capital.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Debbie. One other question back to the U.S. utilities and sorry if I'm staying a little U.S. centric here. What's not in the CapEx guidance that you laid out at the Analyst Day this summer, but that could provide upside to U.S. utility rate base growth? I'm thinking things like Otay Mesa, which I don't think was in that guidance. But what else is kind of in there that when I think about the next three years to five years could lead to higher rate base than what you laid out in July?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, you actually named one. So, let me turn it to Jeff, and he can talk about SDG&E, and then Dennis can talk about SoCalGas, because there are a number of things that we're working on right now including the potential of a DC transmission line. So, Jeff?
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Sempra Energy: Good morning, Michael. We laid out at our Analyst Conference some of these green box items, which were not in the plan that could provide some additional upside. Now, just to give you a brief update, I mean one of the things I think we've done relatively successful is you've got to be able to manage both your GRC capital and the capital for projects which are proved outside the GRC. So, just recently, we've had, just to be sure, we've had $1 billion of incremental projects approved, that's not incremental to the plan, but that's outside the GRC. That's the Cleveland National Forest Project, Sycamore-PQ as well as the batteries which were discussed earlier on the call. So, we're making great progress there for our 2016, 2017 and 2018 capital plan, it was roughly $3.5 billion, $3.25 billion of that has already been approved and it's going forward. So, that really gives us a lot of confidence in terms of the certainty of our future capital plan. In terms of things which are not in the plan, Debbie touched on the DC line, this is the Southwest Power link which originates in Arizona. We think there's an opportunity as we think about providing more reliability particularly into the LA Basin of giving access to more renewables and more power from that Palo Verde, generating center in Arizona back into California, that's one project of about $1 billion. Secondly, we think there's an increased opportunity for batteries. At San Diego Gas & Electric by the end of Q1, we will have just over 50 megawatts of utility-owned batteries. And we think there's an incremental 200 megawatt opportunity. That's really associated with this new bill which was passed this year, which is AB 2868, which called for 500 megawatts of new batteries to be installed, split one-third between the three industrial and utilities. Otay Mesa you referenced, which is a 600 megawatt combined cycle plant in the heart of our load center, that is subject to a put-call arrangement with Calpine. And as you may recall, I think correctly from our last Analyst Conference that was not included in our five-year plan. And then the last thing I'd mention is electric vehicles. I mean, with the passage of SB 32, we're now required to drive our greenhouse gas emissions footprint in California 40% below 1990 over the next 14 years, and almost 50% of that has to come from the transportation sector. In fact, that's close to 53% or 54% in our service territories. So, big picture on this greenhouse gas issue, Michael, is you've only got about 10% of the greenhouse gas emissions coming from electric generation that sits inside the State of California. Maybe another 8% to 10% outside the state. There's no question, if the state is serious about meeting its goals, we have to have a revolution around the transportation sector. And I think almost in every scenario, the California utilities will play big in that space.
Dennis V. Arriola - Sempra Energy: Hey, Michael, this is Dennis Arriola. Let me just touch on three things real quick. One is, we expect that going forward, there's going to be new national or state rules or regulations on storage. And I think that that's an opportunity as we continue to enhance the overall infrastructure and the safety of all of our facilities. That's number one. The second, and we've touched on this a little bit but we're seeing more momentum here in the state, is focusing on using natural gas for heavy duty transportation, so the fueling infrastructure around that. And then thirdly, focusing on the gathering and cleaning of renewable natural gas from landfills and dairies and things. So, we're not going to give out dollar amounts for those yet, but I think those are three areas that we definitely see opportunity and upside for our gas companies here in California.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated. Mark, congrats, and look forward to seeing you out fly fishing at some point.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: And we will go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just want to follow-up on the LNG just a little bit more. The joint venture contractors, can you just review the credit support and what you have with respect to their ability to – just their financial wherewithal to, their guarantees and what have you for the project?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. I'm going to have – I can give a high level, but I'm going to have Joe or Mark address more details. We do have performance assurances with CB&I and Chiyoda; they have a joint and several guarantee from each of the parties and a letter of credit as a backstop. So, we have that. And I don't know if you guys want to add anything more to that. Okay.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: We have – there's very strong credit support.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. I just wanted to review that. And then the – I mean, is it unusual for them to sort of call up and say, we've got a problem, but not tell you what the cause of the problem is?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: What they have to do is they have to lay out the detailed schedule of everything that they expect to happen like with the construction and the new detailed schedule. And we just go that, I think it was Friday of last week. And so, that's how they begin the discussion on this is that they lay out a new detailed schedule, and then the discussion comes around that new detailed schedule. So, as I said, we just got that Friday, I think it was of last week. And then, that will begin the discussions. So, I mean, that's kind of the process. They are the ones responsible for giving official notification. And that was the process that they followed.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, the Train 4, the partner who dropped out, can you tell us a little bit more about which partner that is and why they dropped out?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: No. But...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: ...I can just tell you why they've indicated that they don't want to do it. It's a company that's changed their strategy, and is really focused on some downstream more now and more clean green energy. And so, they are looking not to invest major portions of their capital in LNG, and that's what they indicated to us. It was a strategy change.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, the accounting change, the $34 million stock compensation, what triggered that? What was the reason why that happened? And is there any impact past this year for 2017 or beyond?
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Yeah. This is Trevor. That was as a result of an accounting standard update which was 2016-09 that we implemented and we early adopted this year. So, historically, what you've done is you've taken that tax benefit and it's gone straight to APIC or accumulated – or paid-in capital. Now, it's trying to simplify the accounting associated with that, and so you take that tax benefit and you push it through the P&L. So going forward, we'll treat it the same way.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Meaning going forward, will – I'm sorry to be slow, but what that does mean in terms of...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. There'll be earnings going forward...
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Yes.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: ...of similar amount. It won't always be the same, because it will depend on what restricted stock and other stock is vesting. Many other utilities have also adopted it this year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So, that should be good for earnings going forward. Am I right?
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: That's right.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then maybe in a similar amount.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, assuming – it could go...
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Yeah, it can go either way.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I don't want to give an – yeah, inference that you can add $34 million a year. That's not the way it works. So, why don't you discuss how it works.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Yeah. The way it works is – when the original grant is issued, that stock-based compensation is an expense. And you take that tax benefit. If it vests at a higher amount and the stock price increases, then there's more of a tax deduction in those future years. And so, historically, the stock price has been rising. And the grants have been vesting at the multiplier, meaning that there is a higher tax benefit in future years. That tax benefit has historically gone through adjusted trading (55:20) capital. And now, the accounting standard says, put it through the P&L. So, going forward, we anticipate, assuming that the stock price continues to rise, and that the multiplier effect is in place, like it has been in the past years, we would get a similar type benefit. If it doesn't, if the stock price were to go down and it still vests, it could actually have a decrement to earnings in the future, but that's just how it can go both ways.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: What if there was no change in the stock price?
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Then there would be – then you would not have that tax benefit when those stocks vest because you take that tax benefit when you issue the grant over those periods.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks so much for the clarification. And congratulations to Mark.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Andy Levi with Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Hi. Good morning still.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Andy.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: On the letter of credit that you mentioned, how large is the letter of credit?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: You're talking about the Cameron letter of credit?
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: That's correct. How big is it?
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: I don't know offhand. I don't remember offhand.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. We'll have to get back to you.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I don't remember offhand. We'll get it to you.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Is it hundreds of millions or $100 million or...
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: No, no. We'll get back to you.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: We'll get the information.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: I don't want to give you a bad number.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: We'll get the information.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: That's fine. And what triggers it?
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: It would be a default.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Non-performance.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Non-performance, yeah.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: It's non-performance. Okay. And then, are there any, like, surety insurers like surety bonds or anything like that or nothing like that?
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: No. No. This is – keep in mind this is a very, very large project. There's really not that much bonding capacity in the market.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: And one very large credit-worthy counterparties on the other side and a big joint venture.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Well, yeah. And keep in mind the – you're talking just about the contractor here.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Yeah.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: These are very large credit-worthy companies, and so it would be unusual to have that kind of a bonding capacity and a project that size.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I want to stress, as I said, that between CB&I and Chiyoda is a joint and several guarantee.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Right.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: So, they basically assume each other's responsibility, so...
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: And I don't – but I also think too there's no indication that they're not performing. But they have an obligation under the contract to tell us if they think there's going to be a delay. They've notified us of that, and we'll work through it to see if we can mitigate it. But they're not saying that they can't finish the job.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: And I know that you haven't spoken to them, but it's just based on your comments, it seems that the delay seems to be around the flooding, right, and all the rain that you had down there, is that correct? Is that kind of your plan?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: All we can say on that is that what they think, didn't give us any official notification and the information that they sent to us. So, when we listen to their earnings call, on the earnings call, they said that there was rain at the site and the site of their fabrication facility that's located near Baton Rouge that caused some flooding, and that they expected some delays in construction. That's what they said on their call. You can listen to their call and get the precise language. I'm just kind of reiterating what they've said. But we don't have any official notification. And we will be meeting with them soon. It's something where all the partners have to sit down with them together. So, it's not something that you can do instantly because this is a joint venture. And so, it will be our self and our three partners sitting down with CB&I and Chiyoda. And I think it's scheduled within the next week or two for that meeting to occur. To really go through, as I said, they give us this massive package that has a detailed schedule that they produced on the construction. And someone asked me, what gives you some assurances, well, part of the whole effort is to go through that detailed schedule that they gave us and to ensure that everything has been given consideration. And that's the process they need to go through.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Okay. The last question I have and I apologize if I'm not as familiar. I'm very familiar with CB&I. But Chiyoda, how are they – I guess what they're a separate company unrelated to CB&I or they're a subsidiary that does this type of work with them or what's the relationship?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: It is a huge multinational company that's not at all private CB&I other than through this joint venture. It's a Japanese-owned construction company. I don't know what their market cap is or but it's, yeah.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: I get it. Yeah. I'm not that smart. Okay. Thank you very much.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Okay. Thanks again for joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you at EEI in the next few weeks. And if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact the IR team and have a really nice day.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you, everyone, for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-04 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy Dennis V. Arriola - Sempra Energy Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Please stand by. Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy Second Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead.
Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy: Good morning and welcome to Sempra Energy's second quarter 2016 earnings call. The live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. Here in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Chief Financial Officer; Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel; Trevor Mihalik, Chief Accounting Officer; Dennis Arriola, Chief Executive Officer of SoCalGas, and Jeff Martin, Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our second quarter 2016 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, August 4, 2016, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. We'll keep our prepared remarks shorter than usual today with a focus on the quarterly earnings as we just held our Analyst Conference. With that, please turn to slide 4. Let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Rick, and thanks to all of you who were able to make it to our Analyst Conference a few weeks ago. We couldn't have asked for better attendance and enjoy being able to talk to you in person and listen to your feedback. Based on our year-to-date results, I will start by reaffirming our 2016 adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.60 per share to $5 per share. Joe will review the details of this quarter's results. But first let me take some time to address the strategic goals we have for the Natural Gas business. We previously disclosed the sale of our interest in REX which negatively impacted our quarterly results. We also expect losses in this segment in 2016 and 2017, which are incorporated into our adjusted guidance. Our decision to sell REX reflects an implementation of our strategy for the Natural Gas business to focus our investments around our anchor LNG assets where we have competitive advantages. Octávio discussed this at our Analyst Conference. We also decided to sell our Southeast utilities and TdM and redeploy the capital on assets that better align with our strategy and provide stronger long-term growth. I'd like to spend a minute reiterating the value proposition that we believe is top tier among our utility industry peers and that is a result of Sempra's long-term strategy. First, our strategy continues to provide the building blocks for high total shareholder return. Our base plan projections resulted in an approximate 12% adjusted earnings per share compound growth rate through 2020. Second, we plan to grow the dividend 8% to 9% annually. Third, we have a healthy balance sheet with significant projected credit capacity in the latter years of the plan, which gives us several options to return value to our shareholders. Four, our businesses have great development platforms with a long runway of opportunities. Finally, with those development opportunities, we are committed to our strategy of long-term contracted infrastructure and utility earnings, which moderates risk and provides less volatility in varying market environments. Now, I will turn it over to Joe to review the quarterly financial results. Please turn to slide 5.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter earnings of $16 million or $0.06 per share. We also reported second quarter adjusted earnings of $200 million or $0.79 per share compared to second quarter adjusted earnings in 2015 of $259 million or $1.03 per share. Quarter-over-quarter, adjusted earnings were impacted by the following items, at U.S. Gas & Power, we had losses of $19 million in the second quarter of 2016 compared with gains of $5 million in the second quarter of 2015, both related to movements of natural gas prices on inventory that we sold forward. We expect the majority of this quarter's losses to reverse by year end, as we sell the natural gas held in inventory. Our goal is to operate this part of the business to lower our economic exposure to commodity price swings. Also at U.S. Gas & Power, we had $8 million of lower equity earnings due to the sale of our interest in REX. At SoCalGas, we had a $13 million impairment as a result of the CPUC decision related to the North-South pipeline. We are now working on ways to recover all or a portion of these expenses, and more importantly, develop alternative solutions for the reliability needs in Southern California that this pipeline was designed to address. Last year, SoCalGas had a $13 million retroactive earnings benefit from higher CPUC rate base approved in the second quarter of 2015. You can find the individual financial results for our businesses in the Business Unit Earnings section. Please turn to the next slide. As Debbie mentioned, we took actions in the first half of this year to continue to align our assets with our long-term strategy. And at our California utilities, we received the final general rate case decision. As a result, we made several after-tax adjustments to arrive at adjusted earnings this quarter. The significant adjustments are: first, a loss of $123 million for the permanent releases of pipeline capacity that Sempra Natural Gas held with REX and others; second, $80 million in charges as a result of the final GRC decision for the reallocation to rate payers of certain benefits from tax repairs deductions, and third, also related to the GRC decision, earnings benefits of $21 million for the retroactive GRC effect related to the first quarter of 2016. Additionally, I want to remind you that we expect to report significant gains that will be excluded from adjusted earnings for two transactions when they close, both of which may happen in the third quarter. First, we expect the after-tax gain for the sale of our Southeast utilities to be approximately $70 million. We also expect to record a significant after-tax gain from the re-measurement of IEnova's investment in the shared joint venture with PEMEX upon its acquisition of PEMEX's interest. Regarding this acquisition, we have made progress recently, and we expect to close this year, subject to regulatory approvals. The transaction was restructured earlier in July, and a new price for the seven assets was finalized at approximately $1.1 billion. The sale by PEMEX will be submitted to the regulators for final approval. I'd also like to address Aliso Canyon. We have increased the cost estimate to $717 million, and we have begun collecting under the insurance policies and to-date have received approximately $34 million. On July 25, the individual and business plaintiffs filed an updated and consolidated complaint as required under the case management order. In addition, the County of Los Angeles filed a separate complaint against SoCalGas, a primary component of which seeks new safety measures. Please see our Aliso Canyon status update slide in the appendix, which describes the costs included and excluded from our estimate. And please refer to our 2015 10-K and second quarter 10-Q for more detail on these costs and our insurance coverage. Finally, as Debbie mentioned, we are reaffirming our 2016 adjusted EPS guidance of $4.60 per share to $5 per share. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and stop to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Hey, good morning, good afternoon. Hey. So, first question, a little bit more strategic, again, going a little bit back to the Analyst Day commentary. But what's the latest thinking, perhaps, if – could you elaborate on IEnova and the decision to participate or not to participate both in the sort of an immediate sense and over time, in the equity offerings and maintain your ownership level. Just – can you elaborate a little bit more on that?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. Let me talk a little bit about, first, the investment opportunities that are there. And we have a lot of things that are coming together now. First of which, we won the Marine pipeline bid in conjunction with TransCanada. And our investment there is about $840 million for that project. And then it appears that the transaction with PEMEX is going to move forward, as we had indicated, and hopefully close by the end of the third quarter, and that's about $1.1 billion. In addition to that, we're looking at some M&A activity, there are some renewables, the second auction is coming up for bid and we have some projects that we're looking at bidding into that second auction. And so, if you kind of look at all of those, that we have several billion dollars' worth of new projects that we're going to be working on over the next few years that we've already secured and several other billion dollars' worth of other projects between the renewables and then the transmission bids that are going to be coming up that are additional opportunities for us. And further than that, we're starting to do some things with the assets we have, like we just built a lateral or got an agreement to build a lateral. We have some others under negotiation off the existing pipelines, so we're looking at how we keep taking the assets that we have and growing those assets. So, it's a great opportunity. I was just with Joe and Mark in Mexico City last week. We spent time down there with the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Treasury, the Head of PEMEX, the Head of CFE, Cenagas, and everyone is very enthusiastic about the Mexico infrastructure opportunities. And I will tell you, their view is they're not slowing down because it's critical to what their goal is to have manufacturing in Mexico. So, we're really, really excited about the IEnova opportunities. Going specific to your question, then. What we're going to do, and I can't tell you what position we're going to take on the equity, but we're going to look at all of that, and we're going to look at all of the capital needs. I think we have a couple of hundred million dollars available in Mexico right now. And so, we're going to have to look at the total capital needs that we would expect over the next year or so and then look at what's the right position for us to be in relative to that. We've told you that we're not repatriating because we wanted to take a position in the equity offering, assuming that the equity offering occurs, and we would expect it to occur. So, there's really not a definitive percentage ownership that we've ascribed to. What we'd love to do is have the pie keep getting bigger. And that we don't have to keep our same position in the pie. We don't have to own 80% of the pie. We'd like the pie to be bigger and own a significant position in that pie.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. But is there kind of a point at which, let's say, Cameron IV does or does not move forward that that would potentially evolve as you think about capital allocation, or do you kind of think about it separately and distinctly as what is the return proposition in Mexico not necessarily what happens with the Cameron?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. We're not looking at – because we think any of these – all these projects are really good and they're financeable. So, that I wouldn't say that's the consideration but we have some things going on in Peru right now that are very exciting. Potentially, we have the projects in Mexico and then we have the Cameron IV. And so, from a capital allocation standpoint, as we've kind of looked at it that we set up IEnova so that we could issue equity through IEnova. We have the opportunity through our Peruvian company to issue equity. It already has – it's in the market, and we own like 83% of it. So, if we needed capital for that, we could issue equity in Luz del Sur. And then for Cameron IV, we can issue equity at Sempra for that. So, we have different ways that we can finance these things. And, honestly, if we have great projects that earn significantly above the cost of capital, we have not had an issue in being able to finance them. Further, we showed you at the Analyst meeting, our balance sheet strengthens over the five-year period of time. And so, we put a plug in of $1.5 billion of stock buyback. We would hope to invest that money in good projects, and I think we're going to be able to do that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And one more clarification on the thought process for IEnova, anything around the FIBRA-E structure in Mexico to think about here? Obviously, that's kind of maturing. And what does that mean for you guys, one way or another? I mean, from your tax position in the country, probably, it doesn't mean much, does it?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well I'm going to have Joe answer that. We talked a lot about that when we were in Mexico City last week. A lot of the agencies or PEMEX and all have been looking at FIBRA-E for some of their assets. I mean, I think it offers some opportunity for financing. Again, for us, a lot of it is as it was with the MLP, what's the best cost to capital? So, Joe, do you want to...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Sure. Thanks, Debbie. Hey, Julien. Yeah. We looked at this over a year ago when it first came out, and there were some issues with it, and we worked with the regulators around those. And so, now it's – I think that's sorted out. But I think it goes back to what Debbie said. What's going to be the best source of capital for us to grow the business? And as she said, we were just down there. It makes us even more excited to own a large part of this business. So, how we decide to fund it with debt and equity, we will take that all into account because these are really great projects, and we really like the growth opportunity there. As to the FIBRA-E, specifically, we just look at that as one of the options we have to grow the business. PEMEX would love to try to do something, but they'd like to see the market kind of open up, and it just hasn't evolved yet. But we stay very close to it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Our next question will come from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Hey. How are you? So, looking at where you are for the first half of the year and then understanding that certain things are coming out of the numbers like we won't have REX in the second half, we expect the gas costs to reverse and other puts and takes. Given the line of sight you have right now, do you feel like you're right at the midpoint of the guidance range, a little bit behind, a little bit ahead. Can you give us a sense of how you think you're trending?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: We're not going to pinpoint within the guidance range. That's why we use a range. The things that I think that you mentioned are the things that will take effect over the rest of the year. A few things to consider: usually SDG&E has its best quarter in third quarter, but SoCalGas has its worst quarter because of the way that the revenues are and then has a good quarter in the fourth quarter. So, the earnings are not even throughout the year for the utilities; that the hedged inventory that we talked about should reverse in the second half of the year. We had a North-South impairment at SoCalGas in the quarter of $13 million that hit SoCalGas. That's not something that is repeated again throughout the course of the year. And then the income tax tracking issue at SoCalGas, that was really going retroactive to the beginning of the year. So, that's not a quarterly issue, that's like...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Double.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: ...double, yeah, what it would be. And then last year to this year, we were looking at putting renewables in service last year, where we had a higher ITC. And now, the ITC levels that we're showing are more normalized. So I mean, we look at the earnings that we have are like half of the earnings that we have in our guidance range, and we would anticipate being in the range. And I'm not going to tell you high or low. We're in the range – that there's a lot of moving parts. But we feel really good about our business and what we're in this for is truly the long-term. And when we start looking at the great opportunities that we have for the growth in addition to what we've laid out in our five-year plan, we feel really good about our business, and that's what we're really focused on delivering.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: No, that's fair. Okay. Can't hurt – can't harm me for trying. The second question is a little bit off the beaten path. As you are looking to work on the emissions offset and carbon reduction programs that you're putting in place both in the normal course of business and as a result of the Aliso Canyon incident. how significant are some of these programs for methane emission reductions? What are the big buckets of methane-emission reductions that you're going after? And do any of them actually require capital investment where you might look to put those types of programs into the rate base?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. And some of them certainly do. So, let me – I'm going to refer this to Dennis because he can address both the Aliso but more specifically the methane reductions. SoCalGas has been actively involved working with DOE on this whole methane-emission issue. And I would say that the one thing that SoCalGas has very, very low relative emission levels to other kinds of pipeline systems or upstream systems. But it's something that we've looked at, and we've looked at what investment would be required to really get it down significantly. So, Dennis?
Dennis V. Arriola - Sempra Energy: Sure. Good morning, Greg. Yeah. Let me start with what we're doing regarding Aliso, and I touched on this at our Analyst Conference. We've already signed some letters of intent with various dairy owners. And our strategy here is it's consistent with what the Air Resources Board, the plan they put out. But our strategy basically is to look at the destruction of methane, and the biggest opportunities in California are with dairies and/or landfills. So, we're working with some of those owners. We're actually in the process of due diligence on a handful of dairies to see how we can most cost effectively mitigate what resulted from Aliso. From a systems standpoint, as Debbie said – and we've obviously worked with the American Gas Association and the other trade groups, SoCalGas's emissions from our system itself are some of the lowest in the country. So, we don't see a huge amount of opportunities to be able to make improvements in rate base. But we're looking at new technologies from a monitoring standpoint, for example, that that could be associated that could help us, that those types of things could be added into a rate base in the future. I think that what we see is – there's just technologies continuing to evolve, and we're on the leading edge of working with those technology manufacturers and the gas industry. So we're going to look at what we can do to try to grow rate base in a smart way that helps improve our system.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. So you're really going after the methane emissions from animal waste? That's really the biggest potential offset? That's interesting.
Dennis V. Arriola - Sempra Energy: The biggest potential directly on methane is on dairies. That's correct. And we have quite a few dairies within our service territory especially in the Central Valley, and that's where we're starting to look.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: And there's quite a...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I would say also a couple of things. We put the estimate of that in the $717 million for all the offset for the emissions from Aliso. The emissions have been measured now, and so we're going after making our commitment, fulfilling our commitment of making those offsets. And it's really quite cost effective. So, that is our focus, and we will fulfill that commitment.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you, guys.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from (23:45) Research Consulting. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you. I, too, have kind of an off-beat question. By 2020, the rate base of the utilities look like it's going to be about $17 billion, maybe $17.5 billion. Could you give me an estimate on what the non-utility investment total would look like in 2020?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Non-utility investment total.
Unknown Speaker: So, investment base. Like a – similar to the rate base.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Similar to rate base. Okay. And I have the utility projected rate base – while Joe looks up the non-utility piece, I have the utility piece. And at SDG&E, we're looking at about $10.4 billion of rate base in 2020, and that's about 6 bps being (24:43) about 4.4 (24:44). And then for SoCalGas, the rate base that we're looking at for 2020 is about $7 billion, and then about $5.1 billion of that is CPUC, and about $1.9 billion of that is more special projects approved by the CPUC that's not part of the rate case. And then...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. (25:04), this is Joe. I think you're asking a question about something that we typically don't give out, but it's probably information that's here, and we can catch up with you on the call after because you're asking about what's the total invested capital outside the utilities, you're not asking what the investments for that year are, correct?
Unknown Speaker: That is correct.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. We can do it offline. I don't have that information at our fingertips. We don't usually talk about our total invested capital outside. I mean, you can see it on the balance sheet pretty easily. But it's more complex than I think we would take time here with everybody, because we're not...
Unknown Speaker: Agreed. Okay.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: And – the utility assets are much bigger than their rate base. There's a whole bunch of things that are in there. You got nuclear decommissioning trust and all sorts of things. So, we need to parse it out for you, and it's in the segment tables. So, the information is there, but we could lead you to it.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And the other question is the non-utility businesses, so natural gas, LNG, pipeline. On a risk basis compared to utility – let's say, you – the risk in utility businesses is 100 units. What would you characterize as the risk for all of your other businesses combined?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I mean, that's a really difficult comparison. What I will tell you is that our strategy is based upon having a portfolio that has similar risk profiles between our utility and our non-utility business, and we do that by doing long-term contracts. And if you look at our non-utility businesses, they're either – our international businesses are either foreign utilities that have been under a regulatory framework for 30 years, or they are long-term contracted assets like our pipelines. And so, we have 20-year to 25-year contracts on those. Most of those assets – honestly, when you look at it, once they go into service, they're more like a bond, because you have a steady stream of earnings coming from those. And the construction risk on those projects is not much different than the construction risk that was on building Sunrise. So, I would say they're very similar and that's our strategy, is to not go into extremely high-risk areas to create the growth but to have our risk profile be quite similar.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Debbie, I'll just add on to that. (27:46) the other thing you could look at is, if you look at the slides that we did at the conference just a few weeks ago and look at slide 7 in my deck, it talks about the investment grade credit ratings at all of our subsidiaries. And these are all highly-rated, mostly A rated, including Cameron and – while we don't have ratings on all the project financing at the renewables, as Debbie said, they're all contracted long-term with utilities. Kate and I just spent a good deal of time last summer with all the rating agencies explaining to them why our non-utility businesses were as strong or stronger than our utility businesses because we don't have three-year rate cases or four-year rate cases, we have long-term contracts. And so, they like that very much and they understand our business very well. I think it's very strong.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Just a little bit of question. I want to make sure I understand trajectory of earnings within your 2016 guidance and even for 2017 just across the quarters. It strikes me that when you all have talked about this a little bit that there's going to be some significant movement around kind of what to expect versus a typical or historical year at both of the utilities in third versus fourth quarters going forward.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I mean, what – last year was the first year for SoCalGas. We had the new way of accounting for revenue. So, that kind of gives you what percentage of the revenues come out each year. And they're just allocated on that kind of a percentage basis. And so, that should follow suit. And then SDG&E, we've historically reported earnings based upon the same methodology. And so, you can kind of look at what percentage of earnings usually fall within a quarter. So, if you look at last year, those are pretty regularized in terms of how the earnings get allocated by quarter and we can give you the precise percentages for SoCalGas if you want those. I mean, but this quarter, we obviously had a lot of unique things because we had the REX transaction, we had that capacity release, we had the change in the rate case, the rate case decision coming out, the impact of the taxes from the rate case decision. So, there were a lot of things that occurred this quarter. Next quarter, we're going to have a lot of things occurring as well. And we tried to foresee that and communicate that because we should have a close of Mobile and Wilmut happening some time at least by the end of this year. And then, that we will have, also by the end of this year, most likely the PEMEX transaction closed. And so, both of those will have gains that would be adjusted out of adjusted earnings. Hopefully, once we get through some of that. The other thing we have, we have TdM as an asset held for sale, and depending on the sales process on that. And earlier this year, we took a $26 million hit in terms of deferred taxes for holding that for sale. So, we've had a lot of things because we're really trying to go through and take our asset portfolio and cleanse it of things that we don't think are going to add to our growth in the long term and then reinvest our capital. Hopefully, you'll start seeing more normalized kinds of earnings going forward since we have now pretty much accomplished that plan with the exception of getting some of these things closed. And I don't know if that helps you at all.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: No. That helps a ton.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Real quick. As you think about strategic positioning of existing assets, where does your Gulf Coast-related gas storage facilities fit into this?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. As we look at those, Michael, one of the things that we really have already started seeing as some of the LNG facilities have come online is that those storage assets, we think, will have more value over time. And that we think that really to run an LNG facility, it makes sense to have storage. There was a situation that just happened last week where Cheniere was cut back on their pipeline capacity, and that you cannot cut back an LNG facility like that. So, what we're looking at, we haven't put any money in terms of developing those yet. We think as the LNG facilities come online in the Gulf that the need for storage adjacent to facilities will become a lot more apparent, and that – and this is part of our strategy. We're hoping to develop some of the storage facilities and some adjacent pipelines to serve Cameron, other LNG facilities that are in the area, manufacturing that's in the area, and then that Port Arthur when that gets developed. So, we think that there's going to be a need for more robust infrastructure in that Gulf Region as the LNG comes on.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: When do you expect to economically benefit from higher storage pricing?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, we actually – when we did our work this year, we looked a lot at that, and we used outside firms. And we actually cut some of their forecasts when we did our own projections this year because they're projecting that as the LNG facilities come online that – and as you get more of the coal-to-gas conversion that you're going to start seeing some storage rate increases occurring. But what we've seen in reality is it's been slower than what their projections have been. So we took at conservative view in our plan. But we are starting to see – year-to-year, we're starting to see some price movement upward from where we were last year. Not huge amounts, but we are starting to see some upward movement in pricing. So, I think as more load comes on that we'll start seeing better storage rates.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Debbie. Thank you, Joe.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Just...
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, Debbie. A question on Aliso. Could you give us an update on your well testing? And what your latest thought is on when maybe some of the first wells could start coming back into operation?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure, Steve. I'm going to have Dennis address that because he's right in the middle of that now. So, Dennis?
Dennis V. Arriola - Sempra Energy: Hey, Steve. Yeah. As of right now, we've completed the first series of tests on all 114 wells. And as of this morning, the Division of Gas, Geothermal Resources and Oil (sic) [Division of Oil, Gas, and Geothermal Resources] (34:47) has approved and reviewed 96 of those wells. So, they have all gone through the process. Out of the 96, we've had an additional 17 wells that have gone through the next series of tests and they've passed and they've been reviewed by DOGGR. So, out of the 114, 17 have been completely cleared by DOGGR. So once DOGGR and the Public Utilities Commission confirm that the entire field has met the requirements of the new law, SB 380, we believe that probably sometime in September, we'll be ready to start injection, subject to their approval, of somewhere between 20 wells and 25 wells. So, that's our best estimate right now. In September, we'll – later, maybe as early as perhaps later this month, we'll be going back to DOGGR asking for that approval, but they've got to go through a process with public hearings. So, September is our best estimate at this point in time.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yep.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just really quickly, on the permanent release impairment is there any longer term impact to earnings associated with that? Any benefit from reduced cost or something like that?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Let me have Mark talk about the capacity release. Most of it was tied to the REX transaction.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Right. Paul, I think to understand your question, I don't think there's any significant reduction in expense going forward tied to that release. It's a pretty small team that was managing it. And also, with respect to the release, there won't be any ongoing P&L impact now that it's done. So, I think the answer to your question is no, there's no really ongoing effect.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I would just add to that. The decision to do this was largely looking at what the value of that capacity was going to be over time, and it was devaluing in comparison to what we had assumed it was going to be valued at. And we wanted to get that behind us. We had some credit issues on REX that were there. There was some shaky credits in addition and that we just felt it was better to get, when we sold REX, to get all of that behind us and not have a tail risk associated with that pipeline, so.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, just to follow up on Aliso. So, you guys mentioned the $717 million update and the receivable what have you. But there were some things I guess that that cost estimate excludes. Do we have any sense as to what the neighborhood of those cost estimates that may be excluded are and what the insurance coverage of that is, do you follow me?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: What I am going to say is that, we've included everything that's estimable. And that's the $717 million includes all of the well costs, it includes all the relocation costs, it includes the cost for Blade [Blade Energy Partners] to do the investigation. All of those kinds of costs that are estimable. What's not estimable is what happens on litigation. And we don't know what that would be. I would say, the good thing is that we've paid for relocation. We have offered people to be out of the area. We tried to do things to reduce damages and then further, the Department of Health Services has come out repeatedly and most recently after thorough investigation of the homes and testing and all and said that there were no long-term health effects from this. And so, how that all plays out in litigation, we can't estimate that. But what we tried to do is to put this in a box to the extent possible and ensure that we've managed the risk effectively. And so, we'll go forward with the litigation. But I think from the basis of the estimates that we have over $1 billion of insurance, and that we continue to believe that the – with what we see, that the insurance coverage is adequate for the damages.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Since there are no further questions then, I thank you all for joining us, and I thank you all for being at the Analyst Conference. It was great seeing you in person. And if you have any follow-up questions, please contact our IR team. And have a really wonderful day. Thanks a lot.
Operator: That will conclude today's conference. Thank you all, once again, for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-04 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy Dennis V. Arriola - Southern California Gas Co.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Rose-Lynn Armstrong - Barclays Capital, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Sempra Energy First Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy: Good morning and welcome to Sempra Energy's first quarter 2016 financial presentation. The live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With me in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman and CEO; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Chief Financial Officer; Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel; Trevor Mihalik, Chief Accounting Officer; Dennis Arriola, Chief Executive Officer of SoCalGas; and Jeff Martin, Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our first quarter 2016 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, May 4, 2016, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide 4 and let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Rick. On today's call, we are following a slightly different format. As you know, the final GRC decision for our California Utilities has not been issued. However, we expect to receive a proposed decision relatively soon. Because we have reached a multiparty settlement agreement, we continue to believe the most likely GRC outcome is one consistent with the settlement. We also believe we have made a strong showing to support our historical treatment of tax repair allowance benefits. Therefore, today, we are updating our 2016 adjusted EPS guidance and providing you with our long-term growth rate, assuming a GRC outcome consistent with the settlement. We think the best approach is to postpone our Analyst Conference until we have a final GRC decision. We are tentatively looking at the month of July in New York City as a possible date for the conference. Once we received a PD, we will confirm the date and location. In our other businesses, we recently announced the sale of Southeast utilities and our interest in REX. We expect to receive about $760 million of cash proceeds to invest in projects that align better with our growth strategy. As you know, our strategy is to provide growth that is roughly twice that of the utility average but with a commensurate risk profile. I will discuss these transactions later on the call. Our updated 2016 adjusted guidance range is now $4.60 per share to $5 per share. This range reflects approximately $60 million of reduced earnings from REX. The sale of our Southeast utilities does not affect current or future earnings. These earnings reduced from the sale can largely be offset by lower interest costs. Looking forward, we are well positioned for strong growth over the next five years. We expect our base plan to provide earnings in 2020 at $7.20 per share to $7.80 per share. The resulting adjusted compound annual growth rate for 2016 to 2020 is about 12%. Prior to the sale of REX, the comparable growth rate would have been about 11%. Joe will address the growth rate further in his remarks, but I want to emphasize that we expect to have significant credit capacity in the latter years of our plan which will provide us with flexibility in capital allocation. We will discuss our plan assumptions, business unit projections and growth strategy in more depth once we reschedule the Analyst Conference. Turning to our financial results, we reported first quarter adjusted earnings of $370 million. As a reminder, until we receive a final GRC, we are recording revenues based upon 2015 authorized amount. Once we receive the final decision, we will report the impact of the 2016 authorized margins back to January 1. If the GRC had been finalized by January 1 and was consistent with the settlement agreement, utility first quarter earnings would have been in line with last year despite the fact that approximately $60 million of annual tax repair benefits will now flow to customers under the new GRC. Now, please turn to slide 5. There are several updates related to Aliso Canyon. First, SoCalGas is cooperating with DOGGR and the CPUC on the root cause investigation through their contractor, Blade Energy Partners. We expect the investigation to take about six months to nine months with the results be issued by the agencies late this year or early next year. Second, we are working to get the field back in service for injection. Consistent with DOGGR's proposed safety review, we have implemented a plan to prioritize and test wells, with the goal to have the facility in service by the end of this summer. Third, we are working with state and local agencies to address electric reliability concerns. Aliso Canyon currently has about 15 Bcf of gas available for withdrawal. When deciding how best to use that gas, reliability for both the summer and winter seasons must be considered. Fourth, we are completing our estimate of the total amount of gas lost from the leak and formulating a plan to mitigate that amount. Fifth, the temporary relocation program has been extended to allow the county to complete in-home testing, with results expected this month. SoCalGas and public agencies have conducted numerous tests of outdoor air quality. Results continue to confirm that air quality in Porter Ranch is at normal level. Finally, we are addressing the litigation that has been filed related to the leak. With regards to costs, we have incurred additional amounts, primarily from continuation of the temporary relocation program, as ordered by the court. The court has scheduled a follow-up hearing on June 7. Based on an expectation that the relocation program continues through June 7, we estimate the costs for amounts paid and forecast to be paid at approximately $665 million. We have recorded an insurance receivable of $660 million. Our cost estimate does not include certain potential items as described on the slide. Please refer to our 2015 10-K and first quarter 2016 10-Q for more detail on costs and our insurance. Now, let's turn to slide 6 for an update on our other businesses. Sempra constantly looks at our assets to determine whether they fit with our long-term contracted infrastructure model and whether they integrate with other assets to offer strong long-term growth prospects. We identified three assets that are no longer a strategic fit for us: REX, our Southeast utilities and the TdM power plant in Mexico. For the first two, we have announced sales agreements, and for TdM, we are conducting a sales process. For REX, we expect the sale of our equity interest to close in the second quarter and to provide $440 million in proceeds. The sale also allows us to forego expected future contributions for capital investment and debt repayments. We believe our capital can be better utilized to further enhance our strong growth outlook. As a result of the sale, we forecast a reduction for partial year 2016 earnings of approximately $60 million, which is included in our adjusted EPS range of $4.60 per share to $5 per share. It is important to note that had we held our interest in REX, we expected 2020 earnings to be immaterial and dilute our growth, largely due to loss of earnings from west-to-east contracts that expire in 2019. In addition, we plan to permanently release uncontracted capacity held by Sempra. The negative earnings impact of this capacity release is projected to be between $100 million and $120 million and will be recorded in the second quarter. This amount reflects the acceleration of estimated losses that would have otherwise been realized over the remaining contract term. It is excluded from our 2016 adjusted earnings guidance. Moving to our Southeast utilities, we finalized the sales agreement last week and expect to receive $323 million in cash proceeds with the buyer to assume $67 million of debt. We did not see significant additional growth potential in our Southeast utility footprint and the earnings impact is projected to offset with reduced interest costs. Similar to REX, we expect to use the proceeds to invest in projects with strong growth prospects. Finally, TdM is the third asset that no longer fits with our long-term contracted infrastructure strategy. It is currently held for sale, and we are in the midst of a sales process. Now, please turn to slide 7. IEnova is building upon its position as the largest private energy company in Mexico to identify and originate new investment opportunities. IEnova is working on multiple development initiatives, including M&A, asset optimization, strategic partnerships with established companies and new companies seeking to enter the Mexican market, and emerging the opportunities in clean energy, storage, and liquids infrastructure. One example of asset optimization is the building of laterals of our gas pipeline network to interconnect with end users. Just this week, CFE awarded IEnova a contract to build a small lateral that connects our Sonora pipeline to a combined cycle power plant. In addition, the project opportunities identified by IEnova, the CFE bidding process for natural gas pipelines continues. We are currently evaluating two tenders with likely bid dates during the second quarter. In generation, we expect to see the second round of renewable energy auctions in August. And in electric transmission, we expect to see the first two bids under new rules of energy reform in 2016 and 2017. Each electric transmission project represents an estimated $1.2 billion of investment. With that, please turn to slide 8 and I'll turn the call over to Joe. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Turning to our long-term financial projections, we expect that our base plan can provide 2020 earnings of $7.20 per share to $7.80 per share. The resulting adjusted earnings CAGR from 2016 to 2020 is about 12%. Some of our key plan assumptions include an $18.5 billion capital program including joint venture CapEx for Cameron trains 1 through 3, full-year earnings of $300 million to $350 million from Cameron trains 1 through 3 in both 2019 and 2020, a GRC outcome in line with our proposed settlement agreement and tax repair allowance benefits prior to 2016 being retained by shareholders and an optional $2 billion share repurchase. Under our base plan, annual adjusted EBITDA is expected to increase by $1.7 billion over the plan period, raising our FFO to debt to roughly 22%. Including our targeted annual increase in the dividend of 8% to 9%, we project excess credit capacity in the later years of our plan to be between $2 billion and $4 billion. Leaving excess capacity on our balance sheet would not maximize shareholder value. We have used a conservative assumption of an optional $2 billion share repurchase, split between 2019 and 2020. While we do include this assumption, it is our intention to allocate capital toward high-value development projects. I will discuss all of our base plan assumptions and provide business unit guidance at our Analyst Conference. I want to remind you today that our plan is not aspirational in nature. It is anchored on expected utility performance and projects that are already contracted and operating or under construction. This approach gives us high visibility and conviction in our growth rate. On a final note, before turning to the quarterly results, I want to address the long-term earnings impact from the REX capacity release that Debbie discussed earlier. In the base plan we presented last year, we had only assumed about $5 million to $10 million of annual losses associated with this capacity for 2016 and 2017 because we had not factored in the financial distress that several counterparties have recently experienced. We had no capacity obligations in 2020. By permanently releasing the capacity now, our new five-year plan does not have to reflect any future losses from this capacity, nor any negative impact from the recently announced counterparty bankruptcies beyond the loss we expect to record in the second quarter. Now, please turn to slide 9. This morning, we reported first quarter earnings of $319 million. On an adjusted basis, we reported first quarter earnings of $370 million or $1.47 per share. Adjusted earnings this quarter exclude the $27 million after-tax loss on the pending sale of our equity interest in REX and $24 million of deferred Mexican income tax expense as a result of holding the TdM power plant for sale. In addition, just as a reminder, in 2016, we are now including LNG development expenses in our reported adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings guidance, whereas in 2015, these were excluded. There are several factors affecting the first quarter results that are either timing items, or items expected to reverse in later quarters. Please turn to slide 10 and I will discuss the key factors impacting our quarterly earnings. Quarter-over-quarter, adjusted earnings were impacted by the following items. At our California utilities, we had $17 million of lower earnings mostly due to higher operating costs from higher depreciation and litigation with no increase in authorized margin due to the delay in our GRC. As Debbie noted, until we receive a final decision, we are recording revenues based on amounts authorized for 2015. Once we receive the final decision, we will record the cumulative impact of 2016 authorized revenues back to January 1. Including this retroactive benefit, we expect the utilities quarterly earnings would be roughly in line with last year which is important given the fact that approximately $60 million of annual tax repair benefits will now flow to customers under the new GRC. Moving to the Parent category, we recorded $10 million of higher losses due to $7 million of lower repatriation tax expense that was more than offset by $10 million of higher net interest expense combined with a $5 million income tax benefit that was reported in the first quarter of 2015. At U.S. Gas & Power, we had $9 million of lower earnings due primarily to the impact of natural gas price movements on inventories that we sold forward. We expect this $9 million loss to reverse by year-end. At Sempra International, we had $8 million of lower earnings from foreign currency effects. This was due to a $4 million negative impact in South America and a $4 million higher positive impact in Mexico in Q1 2015. At SoCalGas, our Q1 2015 results included an $8 million GCIM award. No GCIM award was recorded in Q1 2016 as this reward was received in the fourth quarter of last year. Now, let's conclude on slide 11. In summary, we have updated our 2016 adjusted earnings guidance to $4.60 per share to $5 per share to reflect the REX sale. The annualized impact of the REX sale will also reduce earnings by approximately $70 million per year for the next few years. Our adjusted guidance is defined in further detail in the appendix. In terms of our financial results, while our first quarter earnings were impacted by the delay in our GRC, we will record the retroactive authorized margin back to January 1 once the final decision is received. Finally, assuming the GRC outcome is consistent with the settlement agreement, we project a base plan adjusted earnings CAGR of about 12% from 2016 to 2020. With that, we will conclude our prepared comments and stop to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go first to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hey, Julien. Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Congrats.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Yeah. So, first quick question to get out of the way, what's the implied growth rate year-over-year on 2019 into 2020? You talked about share repurchases; I have been getting questions on it. Just wanted to settle that.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, what we've disclosed now is the growth rate through 2020, and we're not going to give any adjusted earnings guidance for 2019. We always give you the fifth year in our five-year plan. But I think you can kind of infer from what we've given you before and kind of the range of growth over that period of time. What I will say is as you know in our business that some of our growth tends to be lumpy because we have large projects coming into service, and then 2019 will be the first full year of Cameron trains 1 through 3 going into service. Those trains remain on schedule to be completed throughout 2018 as we've told you before. So, 2019, you'll see that come into 2019. And so, 2019 will be lumpy in comparison to 2018, and 2018 will be lumpy in compared to 2017 as the trains come in service.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: And, Julien, this is Joe. I'll just add on to that, exactly what Debbie said, but remember, the way we build our base plan, it will have utility growth ongoing from attrition and utility growth in South America, but there are no new projects that we have outlined that would come on service in 2019 and 2020. So, the growth, I think, you would see there or you would predict to see there won't be what we expect to have because we expect to have new projects. But we're talking about four years or five years from now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And with that technicality out of the way, thinking holistically, what is the next focus, at least, of the company when it comes to that capital allocation? I appreciate you delineating the share repurchase as a placeholder. You are selling down some of the gas assets, deeming them non-core. Where is the company going? If you can at least describe your preliminary thinking. I know it's a little bit of an Analyst Day kind of question. But just thought I'd get it out there, especially in light of what should be nearer-term cash proceeds from the asset sales that you articulated already.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, let me talk to you about some of the things that we're looking at. And obviously, there's a lot of M&A activity right now in the space, there's a lot of opportunities. But we have a lot of organic growth as well. So let me talk about some of those things. First of all, we are still looking at train 4 being developed, and so that we would anticipate having agreements in place by the end of the year based upon conversations we've been having with the parties now. And that is not at all in our growth plan. So the numbers we gave you for 2020 has nothing for any additional LNG beyond trains 1 through 3. So we're still focused on that. We think it's a good growth opportunity for us. And then what we also think is the integrated asset. When you have such a huge demand for gas, the opportunity to develop pipelines and storage to serve those loads is a really great opportunity for us. So we continue to look at putting capital into those areas. I would also say that as you look at the opening of the energy markets in Mexico, they're at the infancy right now. They've only done some of the gas infrastructure. We have electric transmission, we have pipelines for liquids, we have pipelines for our terminals for liquid, we have a lot of more energy infrastructure to come out for opportunities in Mexico, and we think we just have wonderful foundation of assets there that allows us some opportunity. And then I would say our renewable business, we don't talk a lot about our renewable business, but we had a growing robust successful renewable business that we continue to have new projects that we find, and we have the ability to expand on some of our existing projects. What I would say is that we have a strategy that's really focused on growing at more than twice the rate or at twice the rate of the typical utility but with a similar risk profile. So, when we start looking at assets, we look at are they long-term contracted? Can they have low volatility because we know you all value low volatility with growth? And can they support our growing dividends? And can they give us the strength of the balance sheet that we're seeing over the five years of plan? And so projects that kind of fit that criteria, we're open to a lot of things. We constantly look at M&A, and we see some assets that may be on the market that might be of interest to us. So, our strategy hasn't changed and we just thought that the capital that we had in some of these things was kind of trapped and was not really integrated with anything else we had and was not going to provide us the kind of growth that other investments might.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And the last little piece there on the cash in hand today, I know it's part of the broader capital allocation, anything in particular there to emphasize?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I'm sorry, I didn't catch that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Just the cash that you're getting from the asset sales.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes. Yeah, I'll let Joe...yeah.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: No. I think, Julien, nothing particular. We're building out about $1 billion of renewables this year, and money is fungible. We're looking at all kinds of opportunities. Mark's groups are looking at lots of opportunities. So, I can't name one thing because there's a whole bunch of things on the plate.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Well, thank you, guys, very much. Good luck.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: We'll go next to Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Neel.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: I just wanted to touch on Mexico first, the three pipeline bids which IEnova got disqualified from. Could you explain the reasoning behind that and if there's any way to reverse the result or appeal it, and how that may affect the bidding going forward for you guys?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. I'm going to have Mark address that. And because I think it's important to know that it was not kind of – it didn't happen with as being disqualified one bid after the other. Unfortunately, we had to submit all bids kind of at the same time, and we didn't find out about being disqualified for the first one until the other two had already been submitted. But, Mark, would you talk a little bit about...
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yes.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: .... of that really going forward and how we're dealing with that.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Right. Sure. I mean, on those particular bids, what – the methodology that we used was to adjust our tariff to CFE by additional capacity that we anticipated to sell to other customers down the road. But without specifying exactly where on the pipeline we would do that and that's the basis on which they would disqualify us. I mean, as Debbie said, we submitted three bids at once, used that same methodology. We're disqualified. We don't agree with it. And we've challenged it, but I think we've adjusted our bidding procedure going forward. And we've – frankly, it's kind of behind us now, and we're looking at the other bids. And we've adjusted how we're doing it. We would expect to be quite competitive in the future. So, it's not something – it was unfortunate just the way those bids came together, but it's behind us now, and we're moving on. But I will say that I think talking about Mexico in particular, we're still in a very, very good competitive position there and I'm really pleased with the growth that we've had. It's unfortunate you don't see it quite in the financials, but our EBITDA there was up 19% from $93 million last year to $110 million if you include our ownership in the JV and our proportionate share of their EBITDA. And it gets masked a little bit in the GAAP reporting and because of FX. Last quarter 2015 in the first quarter, we had a 3% inflation with – or a strengthening of the peso which actually reduced our tax expense. And in 2016, it was pretty much flat, and so we didn't get that same benefit. So, that kind of masked the underlying growth. But we had very strong growth there and are in a very good and competitive position in Mexico.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. And, Debbie, you mentioned a lot of opportunities in Mexico beyond just the CFE pipelines. Could you maybe comment on, nearer-term, what maybe the best opportunities are that we should be looking at?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. I'll talk about some, and I think one that we have before us that we expect to close during the third quarter is the PEMEX acquisition of the JV assets that we currently hold jointly with PEMEX, and we're still moving forward on that. But as you probably read, now PEMEX is looking at other potential asset sales. And they have a number of assets that we would be interested in that will give us some opportunities. We're also looking at some of the other energy assets that are in Mexico now, some of which are in operations, some of which are in the development stage that we could potentially acquire and we have some that we're looking at there. And then just in terms of the broader markets opening, you have the bids coming out that are about $1.2 billion a piece for electric transmission that we're seeing. You have renewable being bid and several billion dollars worth of potential there. And then for us, since we kind of own and operate pipelines, there's a lot of liquid pipeline assets in Mexico. They are currently held by PEMEX now or needs for new liquids pipeline that deal with their opening of the oil market. And so we think that that's a great area for us as well to have similar type of long-term contracted infrastructure in liquids.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. And my last question, with you guys divesting REX, there's no real domestic midstream presence. Are you looking to grow that through acquisition or organically or is that something that's not necessarily important as long as you have contracted growth in other areas?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. What we've looked at as a strategy to grow that but more on an integrated basis with our other assets. And that when you have a huge load like building an LNG facility, that gives you the opportunity to build pipelines and storage to serve that load that integrate with others, and then to expand those in a way that you can pick up additional customers, whether they're electric generation facilities or manufacturing facilities and really have a full pipeline. So what we tend to look at is where we have a load and we're the one that has that load, whether it's a utility or, it's a – or a contract with PEMEX or it's a contract for LNG export that we like to have assets that integrate with that load. And so that would be kind of our priority for looking at assets as to how they could be more integrated with our business. I mean, REX is fine, but it didn't integrate with anything we had. We only had a 25% interest in it. We didn't control it. It has contracts expiring. It's just really didn't fit our model. And I don't want that to tell you at all that we're reluctant to get into other midstream assets. We are very interested in getting into those types of assets. But they need to provide us more growth. And when we look at REX, we just did not see the profile as providing the kind of growth. But there's some interesting assets that we're starting to look at now that maybe come on market that we are already in existence, and then there's some that we foresee the need to develop that we think would be really interesting as well.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Hello, guys.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: So, I just want to be clear on – if I were trying to replicate your business plan with my own financial model that we take the balance sheet capacity you have, and we just assume that you buy the shares back at some higher stock price as we compound out four years of growth. And that would be a pretty low implied return on equity on that capital relative to what you would consider a competitive hurdle rate for an actual infrastructure project. Is that a fair articulation of the math?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, Greg. I think you figured that out actually quite well. One of the things we struggled with is that when we do our base plan, the only things we put in our base plan are things we already have contracted and our expected utility earnings and that – most others, when they build those plans, they put aspirational projects and we don't do that. So then when we looked at that and we thought with all the projects we have at our contracts and what that would yield, and then looking at all the cash flows we have coming from the projects that are in service at that time and what that did to our FFO to debt, we just said, there's no way we would sit with that FFO to debt on our balance sheet at that time. So what's the most conservative assumption we could put in and decided that to do a stock buyback with the most conservative way to handle it. But I'm going to turn it to Joe to talk a little bit more about how you might think about that in your question.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Yeah. Greg, I want to emphasize the two key factors that she mentioned that are the element of the base plan. It's built on the strength of our regulated utilities and the already contracted infrastructure business that contributes to the strong balance sheet and the cash flow. So we did kind of what you said, we looked forward, we had to pick up price, we estimated the price based on a reasonable utility multiple several years out and used that as a way to develop the optional share buyback. And I think that our goal is really to develop infrastructure and beat that. And so the earnings from those projects will replace this and that's the goal that we expect to achieve.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. I would presume once we get to Analyst Day that you would give us a similar framework of, this is what we have on the list of things that are moving ahead. And then the checklist of that aspirational items that we could hold you to either achieving or not achieving as you move through time, much like you did last year?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Absolutely. We'll do the blue box, which is the base plan, and the green box, which is the aspirational items. And I mean, the key thing is that that some of those aspirational items will replace these stock buybacks, obviously. But to the extent that we can do more of those projects, they would also be additive to the stock buyback. And so we'll go through all of that with you at the Analyst Meeting as we usually do.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. Switching to Aliso Canyon, the costs obviously are up pretty significantly since the 10-K disclosure of around $330 million, if my memory serves me correctly. Can you give us what the incremental costs have been in basic buckets? Has it been mostly the extension by the judges of the relocation program? Or has it been other items that have also been significant?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Let me – I'm going to refer this to Dennis so he can kind of walk you through some of that and what's happening relative to the relocation. But the majority of these costs are associated with relocation. The vast majority – I think it's about 70% of the costs are relocation. So, Dennis, do you want to kind of walk him through that a bit?
Dennis V. Arriola - Southern California Gas Co.: Sure. Good afternoon, Greg. You're right. If you think back when we reported in the 10-K, the costs were about $332 million. Since that time, we have had the relocation program extended at least a couple of times by the courts. So if you look at the change of about $333 million, the majority of that has been relocation, a 70%. Then you basically have two other buckets. So about 15% of the overall total relates to the work of stopping the leak, building the relief wells, the root cause investigation that's underway and everything and then you've got the buckets of the other costs related to legal and other out-of-pocket. So, those are the three main 70% relo, 15% for the stopping the leak and the investigation, and then the other 15% related to legal expense and other costs.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you very much. Take care.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good afternoon.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Faisel.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. On the TdM asset sale, I suppose that with the sale sort of announced, did that mean it was difficult to get a long-term contract on that plant for sales into Mexico? Is that the genesis behind why this asset is being sold? I thought that this would fall underneath that bucket of assets that could be under a long-term contract, but maybe that wasn't a possibility.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I'm going to have Mark talk about that, but it had been sold into the U.S. previously. And we were working on the possibility of trying to sell it into the Mexican markets. But as we looked at the asset and the difficulty in that, we decided that it was not likely to be not long-term contracted in the near-term. Mark, do you want to...
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I think that's right. I mean, the plant right now is configured only for sale into the U.S. We've looked at and we have a plan to connect it into the grid in Mexico. It could be that in the not too distant future that there could be a long-term contract opportunity with the CFE. The CFE did just sponsor and build a new plant very close to our LNG facility in – down by Ensenada. And so, it's going to delay for some years the need for additional capacity in that region. And also to – just with those kinds of plants, fossil fuel-fired plants in Mexico, the contracting periods are not as long as they once were and so we started to see that this asset is not likely to meet our kind of long-term contracted objectives and therefore, we thought that we ought to put it on the market and see if we – and move to sell it. All that said, I think we have certainly a reserve price in our heads that if we don't get it, or don't get it, then we'll rethink that. But I think we're in very good – we're looking at trying to move forward on it.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, makes sense. And then just going back to Aliso, just want to understand. So, you're saying that you probably won't get any major final report from the agencies until late 2016 or 2017. Are there going to be any initial findings that come out through the regulatory process over the next few months?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, I would say there were some initial findings from DOGGR that indicated that SoCalGas was in full compliance with all the rules that were in place at that time, and DOGGR came out with those findings early on from the preliminary review. But right now, the work that Blade is doing on-site in conjunction with CPUC, I don't think we're going to get any preliminary information. What they'll do is they're gathering the data and then they'll write the report, and it's likely that report will be out at the end of this year or early next year. Dennis, do you want to add to that?
Dennis V. Arriola - Southern California Gas Co.: Well, the only thing that I'd add to that, Debbie, is that there's a lot of work going on not just under the root cause investigation with DOGGR, the CPUC, and Blade, but work to get Aliso back up and running. And I can tell you right now that it's really clear that the regulators and policymakers truly understand the importance of Aliso Canyon and gas storage to both gas and electric reliability. So the tone is basically, let's make sure it's safe but let's get it back up and running as quickly as we can. And so far, we've got – of the 114 wells at Aliso, about 100 wells of them have completed the Phase I inspections and we're transitioning those now to Phase II so that – our target right now, Faisel, is to have the field ready for full operation obviously subject to DOGGR confirmation. But by late summer, probably late August, so a lot of work going on there.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then the storage field would not be able to go back into operation until this report comes out? Or could you put it back into service before then?
Dennis V. Arriola - Southern California Gas Co.: Well, today, we've got about 15 billion cubic feet of gas, so if needed, we can withdraw. We're just not allowed to inject until the field has been confirmed ready by DOGGR. And as I said, our current target right now is to have wells ready for re-injection by late summer.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: And that is before the full report will be out.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Dennis V. Arriola - Southern California Gas Co.: Yeah. And that's separate from the root cause analysis. So those things don't – they aren't linked. The root cause is going down one work stream and then there's a separate work stream to get the field back up and running.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, makes sense. And then just on REX, just wanted to make sure I understand the – I guess, what you had initially had in guidance in the past. So, did you always have the legacy REX interest that you have going to zero earnings in 2020? Just wanted to make sure I understood that correctly.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. No, you understood it correctly. I mean, we basically had – it was de minimis in 2020 because we had looked at the contracts all expiring in 2019, and then there was debt refinancing that needed to be done and so we looked at the economics of that. And so when we were putting our plans together, we were not expecting REX to continue at the kind of run rate that – we told you that it was $60 million for the 10-month we have this year. We were not expecting it to continue at that kind of run rate after those contracts expired in 2019.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): That makes sense. So do you expect the contracts to expire and nothing would happen after that, or did you also – did you expect some re-contracting but at a lower rate? Did it also include the east-to-west contracts that were signed?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Yeah, we looked at all of that and we expected that there would be some contracting at a lower rate. Mark, do you want to...
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Faisel, yeah, obviously, we did. We had a projection of what we thought the re-contracting rate would be, and then we also assumed that we would continue with the east-to-west contracting that we've done and that we had a market check on that, and that's what was in our plan. But that combined with the interest cost and some refinancing that we thought was going to happen, it just didn't have a material impact on our financials beyond 2018.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, got it. Then last question for me. With the midstream and MLP markets coming back, to some degree, off the bottom, I'm just wondering – and also with the sale of REX, does this mean the MLP is completely off the table even in the future?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I would say nothing is off the table in the future. I mean, I would never do that. We will always look at what's the lowest cost of capital for us to grow, and that's the way we look at it that – REX was not a core asset for the MLP anyway since we only owned a fraction of it, and we really didn't have the ability to use that as openly as you would an asset that you had 100%. And I would say Cameron trains 1 through 3 are excellent assets for an MLP. But those would not be off the table, but right now if you kind of look at where that market is, it's certainly not our top priority.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Understood. Thank you, guys.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Lapides at Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Actually, I have a couple of them. First of all, Debbie, can you talk about the portfolio and whether you think there's anything else within it that you wouldn't view as core or strategic to Sempra over the long-term? And if so, why?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. No, there's nothing that we identify right now that fits that category, Michael. We look at our assets all the time. And the – all of our assets or other assets really are pretty well long-term contracted. The only one that comes up that we look at constantly is gas storage and that we do have still contracts on gas storage that have some duration left on those contracts. And we look at that and say how does that fit with our other assets? And what we see happening kind of in the Gulf region with the export of LNG, the conversion of coal to gas and need for different type of assets to support that and then looking at the storage market right now, we kind of think that the timing on that asset, if things aren't going to happen, they're going to get better, not likely worse. And so, that's one we constantly look at but we have concluded on that at least for the time being. It doesn't seem like something that we would want to try to get out of our portfolio at this time.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. When you talk about the $18.5 billion capital plan over the next five years, how much of that is at the two core California utilities?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: It's about $12 billion of that at the two California utilities, so the vast majority of that. And there may be some opportunities – I was going to say, there may be some opportunities for the utilities to actually consume more of that. There's some projects that we have that are on the green sheets that we show you that we're hoping to get some accrual on that would add to the capital expenditures at the utilities during that time. But we really put in that only the ones that we have some great visibility and high certainty that we either have rate case approval or project approval from the CPUC or FERC.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And last question, how are you thinking about the growth rate in the South American utilities relative to the rest of the Sempra portfolio? I ask only because if I back out the FX impact, it still doesn't seem like it was a huge growth rate and going back over the last couple of quarters as well, just curious how you are thinking about that business and its organic growth potential.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I mean, we still see a lot of organic growth potential there because similar to Mexico, there is huge needs for infrastructure in those countries. And we're looking at quite a few things right now in Peru, in particular. Mark, why don't you maybe hit a little bit about some of the things that we'd looked out and opportunities for growth.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Right. I mean, there is huge infrastructure needs there. I do think both economies, probably Chile more than Peru, but both economies have been affected by the downturn in the mining sector and effectively China's downturn. And so I think that's hurt the overall growth. But I think when you look at them, where they've been historically and what the expectation is for this year and next year, we still see strong underlying growth that you just don't see in any domestic utilities. So, you're seeing – you still see here the 3%, 4% customer growth and 3%, 4% energy growth coming back. And we – I think, with the recession, we've had a little bit of a downturn there, but it's – but we see that coming back. And then on top of that, we see some large infrastructure needs, which really wouldn't be available to us if we weren't active in that market in the utility market there. There, we just wouldn't have a presence to be able to capitalize on those. And so I think we're – again, we don't put those in our plan because we don't have them signed up yet, but we're close on several things. And I think it looks promising. It looks like that there's definitely some activity level that's going to be happening down there that will increase the growth for those facilities.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks, Mark and Debbie. Much appreciated.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Thanks.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: The next is Steve Fleishman with Wolfe.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hey, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. Hi, Debbie. Couple quick questions. First on the assumptions on the rate case. So you highlight that the guidance includes the settlement, including the repair tax treatment. Could you just remind me that – I recall that not being a big number, but I just want to make sure I know what the number is for the prior repair tax treatment?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Let me have Joe walk through the repair tax treatment numbers for you. Let me talk about the rate case though while he's getting the precise numbers on that. What I would say is on the GRC that we've been given every indication that we should be getting a decision soon. And that we're expecting since we had 8 out of 11 parties sign on to the settlement that we would likely get the settlement as the outcome. We would also expect to get a repair allowance because we feel like we have very strong argument and have differentiated ourselves in terms of how we handle that in our rate cases going forward and returning the benefits to customers. And so we would anticipate getting a decision hopefully very soon and that very consistent with the settlement. And what we've been told is that the hang-up and the delay is not any different than when you're hearing from every utilities commenting on their proceedings is that there's just a lack of resources at the commission right now, especially in the ALJ division, to get some of these things out as quickly as they would like. And so we anticipated that that would come earlier but that we continue to be told it will be soon and that it's really more hung-up because of their resource issues. Okay? Joe?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Hi, Steve. Hey, let me just...
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: ...remind you all. Jeff and Dennis and their teams have been working closely with the commission on this issue, and we've tried to emphasize with them that we have very unique facts that are differentiated from some of the other utilities. And some of those things relate to – our rate case was actually worked on and closed and officially closed by the ALJ before we made our changes in the tax treatment. And in our 2012 GRC, we offered up a sharing mechanism much like we have in the past, and that was rejected. It was denied. So we've kind of offered up avenues for them to look at this kind of things. And as we've talked about before, there's very good precedent that the savings you generate before next rate case for all kinds of things, tax and general operating – flow to shareholders. So we think this will be resolved favorably, but let me get to the numbers that you asked about. There's two timing periods that are important. One is up through 2014 and then one is 2015. And I'll talk about the first period first. So from the beginning of the rate case through 2014, the interveners that applied for this suggested that we had about $90 million at each utility that they want to be adjusted through rate base. So that would be a rate base adjustment and the impact, if we lost that, we don't think we will, but if we lost that, the impact would be $6 million to $7 million at each of the utilities kind of going forward because of that change in rate base. But then the commission asked us to put a memorandum account together for 2015 savings from this tax repair allowance. And if we were to lose that issue, we will, of course, appeal it and fight it. But if we were to lose it, we would have to take a charge of about $70 million that's broken between the two utilities, but in total, $65 million to $70 million in total for the 2015 memorandum account. Again, I think these are things that we expect to go in our favor. We're giving you all the data...
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: ... we've done before.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. But I guess the main reason I asked the question is a scheme of a range that's $7.20 per share to $7.80 per share. These are pretty small when you look at the ongoing impacts.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Very small.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: They are really not meaningful, so I didn't know why you highlighted it out, because it really doesn't move the needle very much at all.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. It doesn't move the needle at all in the outer years. It was really a 2016 issue because...
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: ... if that decision were to come out in the next couple of weeks and we had a negative result and we didn't want to surprise anybody.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And just on the Aliso, with the changes to the relocation that you set up, could you give us a sense of what the ongoing like weekly cost is? Is there some way to get a sense of that?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Let me hand it to Dennis. I think that one of the things that we need to put in perspective is that we've made a lot of changes to the program that reduced the cost from where it was. And so, Dennis can walk you through including the number of people that are going home now which is quite significant. Dennis?
Dennis V. Arriola - Southern California Gas Co.: Hey, Steve. Yeah, let me give you a little color around that because I think as we get some questions, people want to understand and put in perspective. When you look at – first of all, the leak, as you know, was permanently sealed back on February 18. And at that time, when you look at the number of people that were impacted, it was really – the vast majority of the households around Aliso Canyon, they never left. They stayed at their homes. Everything was safe and everything. So, it was a smaller number to begin with. But since then, we've had over 54% of any impacted residents that have actually gotten back to their homes, and every week, we're seeing more and more. So, to give you an actual run rate is difficult because, as Debbie said, we're doing things within our program that allow us to – and help the residents move safe from hotels to corporate-style apartments, more family-situated apartments with kitchens where they can cook and everything, and that helps bring down the cost. The other things that we're doing is we've been offering in-home cleaning services to give further assurance to residents that everything is safe. So, while we haven't given an official run rate, what we can tell you is that the number that we gave out for the $665 million assumed relocation expenses through June 7. And as we said, we expect to get additional information from the Department of Public Health this month regarding their testing. And I think that type of information will even further get people more comfortable that they can go home and we'll see the numbers continue to drop week after week.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: And then just very quickly, last question, Debbie, any incremental color to your year-end call on news on Cameron 4?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Let me just ask Mark to address that since we've been having some conversations with Octávio recently about how those discussions are going and actually feel pretty positive about what we're hearing from the customers and the high level of interest. So, Mark?
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I – Steve, thanks. I think the big thing – the point to keep in mind is as far as U.S. LNG exports go, we believe train 4 will be one of the least expensive options available. So that's why we have – we continue to have pretty good interest from people looking at securing that option early and maybe even in advance of when world demand may require it. So, we are feeling pretty confident that it's going to move forward. Our original statements that we made on the last call at the end of the year or two were that we expected to have something wrapped up by the end of the year and that our FID amount would be in the first part of next year. And that hasn't changed. So, we're still working towards that. And if we get any indication that things are different, we'll tell you right away. But I think right now, we're still feeling like this will happen sometime this year.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: And then I would add to that just that you all read about what's happening in the markets. And we have great expressed interest from customers. I mean, they're spending time. They're putting teams on this to negotiate with us. So it's not like they're just saying, oh, we like this, do something. They're actually dedicating resources to this. But this is a very challenging market to get agreements signed and so I just want to counterbalance that. And honestly, if we get agreements signed in January or February of next year versus December of this year, I'll be a happy camper.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yes.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: So we're really focused on it. And as I said, it's not like the counterparties are not engaged fully. They are engaged fully. So...
Operator: And we'll go next to Rose-Lynn Armstrong at Barclays.
Rose-Lynn Armstrong - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi. How are you, Rose-Lynn?
Rose-Lynn Armstrong - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I'm well. Can you just talk with a little bit greater specificity about the construction progress at Cameron trains 1 through 3? And then separately, regarding the Aliso estimates of $665 million, can – with regard to the relocation assumption in there, are you assuming that the same number of households are relocating over the entire period? Or is there a decline in trends through June 7?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. Let me take the LNG question first and talk a little bit about that and then have Dennis address the assumptions on the relocation. So for Cameron 1 through 3, we're 43% complete. The construction is going really well. We're all slightly ahead of our construction schedule. I would say on schedule but if you look at some of the data, we're slightly ahead. And that we're still expecting train 1 to come on in March of 2018, train 2 to come on in July of 2018 and 3 in November of 2018 which was the schedule that we had outlined for you previously. So, everything is going very, very well there. I would say the safety performance has been exceptional on the job. And that the major materials, the long lead time materials have all been ordered and everything is moving on quite well in construction. I don't know, Mark, is there anything else you want to add?
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: No. I mean, I think, right now, the project is moving as smoothly as we could have expected. It's in very good shape.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: So, then your second question related to the assumptions that are in the $665 million on the relocation, and let me have Dennis address that.
Dennis V. Arriola - Southern California Gas Co.: Sure, Rose-Lynn. Yeah, as I mentioned, what we did is we assumed that the relocation cost would continue through June 7. And we basically – to be conservative, we've assumed that they stay flat throughout that period. Now, what we are seeing, and this was incorporated into our assumptions, is that as we're cleaning more homes, people are going home. They're being – they're even more comfortable that their homes are safe and everything. So, we are seeing more and more people go home that way. The other thing that we've been doing that we incorporated into our assumptions is as we're able to locate more of the family-style corporate housing options within the area, we're transitioning more people from hotels where they're also receiving per diem to these corporate apartments where they have their kitchens and we don't have to pay the per diems. So, those are the types of – and that's part of the program that we have. That's part of the approved program. So, that helps reduce the overall cost as well. So, all those things are built into it, but we aren't assuming a huge drop-off. But we are seeing that on a week-to-week basis, so I think that's favorable.
Rose-Lynn Armstrong - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: Next, to Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning, guys. How are you?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So, I just wanted to touch base just to revisit Steve's question on the growth rate and the repairs deduction, just to understand this. The impact is roughly – approximately $70 million in 2016. And then after that it really doesn't have much of a significant impact afterwards. Is that the way to think of it?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Paul, this is Joe. Yeah, that's the way to think of it. But the $65 million to $70 million is not in any of our numbers. We're assuming that we win that, we don't have that impact. So it's really...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Quite right.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: ...if we get a negative impact going forward, there's just really very – it's not significant, not material.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Just wanted to double-check on that. And then with respect to the $100 million to $120 million of capacity release and the loss that you guys expect to take in the second quarter on that, what would it have been if you – I mean, this is not completely clear. What is it that – I mean, you did describe it and I apologize, but what would it have been if you hadn't done that? Would it have just been pro-rated through, what was it, 2019 or something or...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Paul, I said that and so I'll say it again, so it's clear it'll be in the transcript. I said that in our plan, the one that we gave you last year, we had for 2016 and 2017 between $5 million and $10 million of losses related to this capacity because we had a lot of capacity sold forward. It wasn't exactly at the same price we were buying the capacity up. It was pretty close. So, we had a $5 million to $10 million loss for 2016 and 2017. That did not take into account some of the recent financial troubles that some of the capacity holders had. So, if we had kept it, we would have had bigger losses going forward, which is why as we try to sell this forward on a permanent basis, we're taking a bigger loss than you would assume from the $5 million to $10 million that had been in our plan. But for you to go adjust your plans, you were probably basing them off of our numbers, and I want you to know what was in our numbers before which was $5 million to $10 million for the next couple of years.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then the potential buyback, that's kind of a placeholder. And if I understand it correctly, you guys are aiming for better returns with investments and what have you. But the 12% has this as a placeholder in the event that you were for some reason not able to find investments. Is that the right way to think of it?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yes. Paul, that is the way to think about it. What I'd like to emphasize is, look, we're pretty unique here. Most of our peers whether they're utilities or midstream companies or renewable companies are issuing equity to grow. We're actually growing our earnings and our cash flow so fast and increasing the strength of our balance sheet and increasing our dividend 8% to 9% a year over this period that we're able to actually look at a potential buyback if we don't capture some of these projects we're working on, but we fully expect to capture those projects and do better. We just showed this as an optional thing that it's within our control and we can do. That's unique.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So if you were to be able to find the investments, the 12% would be on the lower end of the range? Is that the way to think of it?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Let me just add to that that the 12% is based upon what we already have under contract and in construction. And what our expected utility earnings would be assuming we get the settlement in the rate case and then we just assume in out years that we use attrition in addition to that. So we try to use conservative assumptions for that, but then we show you all the development projects. And in this time, we thought that using the assumption of the buyback was conservative because we wouldn't be sitting there with 22% FFO to debt on our balance sheet and not do something with it. What we fully expect in the next five years that we will have projects that will have a much better return than what we're showing you with the stock buyback. But we have, as Joe said, we have wonderful flexibility. To be able to show you five years what we have long-term contracted that yields that kind of a growth rate and gives us the strength of the balance sheet that gives us the flexibility, if we were not to find projects, to buy back stock, which we don't think is going to be the outcome because we have a robust backlog of projects that we're working on. But it's just a wonderful position to be in and honestly, this is what I was going to talk about at the Analyst Meeting because not too many others can talk about having a strengthening balance sheet, having this type of a 12% growth rate with conservative assumption, and then having the ability to grow the dividend by 8% to 9% over that five-year period of time with nothing else. So, that was going to be a lot of my presentation. I'm (01:07:53) closing kind of what we're going to be talking about, but it's a really great position to be in. And since we didn't do the Analyst Conference, we wanted you to all understand where we stood relative to that, and we'll go into a lot more details as we always do when we get to the conference.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back to Debbie Reed for any closing comments.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, thanks for all of you joining us today, and as always, if you have any follow-up questions, feel free to contact our IR team. We look forward to seeing you at the Analyst Conference. We will let you know as soon as we get a date scheduled so that you can plan around that. And thank you very much for being understanding with our decision to postpone that. We would not likely have done that, but we also want to do the best job possible in outlining our business. And I think having the certainty of a rate case decision will be a much better position at the end when we really talk to you about the business. So, have a great day and we'll see you sometime hopefully in July.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-26 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy Martha Brown Wyrsch - Sempra Energy Octávio Simões - Sempra LNG Corp Dennis V. Arriola - Southern California Gas Co. Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management, LP Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Sempra Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference. Just as a reminder today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to your host for today Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead sir.
Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra Energy's fourth quarter and full year 2015 financial presentation. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. Here in San Diego are several members of our management team, Debbie Reed, Chairman and CEO, Mark Snell, President, Joe Householder, Chief Financial Officer, Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel, Trevor Mihalik, Chief Accounting Officer, Dennis Arriola, Chief Executive Officer of SoCalGas, Jeff Martin, Chief Executive Officer of SDG&E and Octávio Simões, President of Sempra LNG. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K filed with the SEC. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, February 26, 2016 and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide four and let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Rick. Before discussing the quarter, I would like to say a few words about the natural gas leak at our Aliso Canyon storage facility. On February 18, the Division of Oil, Gas and Geothermal Resources or DOGGR, confirmed that the leaking well is permanently sealed. Our focus since the beginning has been on safely stopping the leak, reducing the odor from the well, reducing the amount of natural gas being emitted into the environment, working cooperatively with agencies and elected officials and supporting local residents, including providing temporary housing and air filtration system. Now that we have stopped the leak, an independent investigation of the root cause will be conducted. I want to emphasize that providing safe and reliable service to our customers is the highest priority for SoCalGas. We will continue to work with our regulators and customers to ensure our path ahead reflects these values. Later, I will provide more information on Aliso Canyon, and Dennis and Martha are also here to address your question. Turning to our financial performance; in 2015, we had very strong results and exceeded our adjusted earnings guidance. This morning, we reported full-year earnings of $5.37 per share, or $5.21 per share on an adjusted basis. Our 2015 results were driven largely by growth in operating earnings at our California Utilities and Sempra International. In addition, our board approved an increase in the 2016 dividend to $3.02 per share. This payout represents an 8% annual increase and provides dividend growth that more closely aligns with the 11% annual increase in our 2015 adjusted earnings. Moreover, we are targeting annual dividend increases of 8% to 9% over the next several years, to better align our dividend growth with our projected EPS growth. Our dividend strategy is underpinned by confidence in our future cash flows and supports our commitment to return capital to our shareholders. Regarding 2016 earnings; we have updated our assumptions, and are providing an adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.80 per share to $5.20 per share, when compared with the 2015 results, we forecast a higher effective tax rate for 2016. In part this is due to a large number of benefits recorded last year that related to the resolution of tax matters. Also as we move into the new GRC cycle at our California utilities, we will now be providing an estimated $60 million of repair allowance tax benefits to ratepayers as part of the standard rate case true-up. In our 2016 adjusted guidance, we assume that we retain all repair allowance benefits for tax years preceding our new GRC. Key updates and comparison to the 2016 guidance we provided at last year's Analyst Conference reflect several other factors. Notably, we include our best estimate of the GRC decision for the California utilities, based on our settlement agreement, as well as new market assumptions for commodities and foreign exchange rates that have changed considerably since last year. Additionally, our adjusted guidance range now includes approximately $20 million to $25 million of estimated LNG development expense. Regarding transactions we announced last year, that were additive to our base plan, such as the potential PEMEX acquisition and new renewable contracts, we expect our earnings impacts to largely occur in 2017 and beyond. Please note that our proposed GRC settlement agreement is subject to CPUC approval and we do not anticipate receiving a final decision until the second quarter. We have moved our Analyst Conference to May in order to incorporate an expected final GRC decision. And we'll provide you with our business unit guidance and longer-term projections at that time. Overall, we are well-positioned to achieve our long-term strategy of providing earnings growth that is twice that of the average utility but with a moderate risk profile. Combined with strong anticipated growth in the dividend, we are focused on providing top-tier shareholder return. Now, please turn to slide five. This slide summarizes the key assumptions included in our 2016 adjusted EPS guidance. I will briefly discuss each item and you can find additional detail in the appendix. First, as I mentioned earlier, this year, we include developing costs for our LNG liquefaction and related infrastructure opportunities. In 2015, we had about $10 million of similar expense that was excluded from adjusted guidance due to uncertainty about the nature and timing of these costs. Given progress on the projects and our estimates of the spend rate and amounts capitalized and shared with partners, we now include a 2016 after-tax expense of roughly $0.08 to $0.10 per share. Please note, however, that the vast majority of planned expenses targeted for Port Arthur and related infrastructure as we have already incurred most of the upfront costs for Cameron expansion. Going forward, we will be sharing cost for Port Arthur with our partner Woodside. We will nevertheless monitor our progress in securing market commitments and other needed approvals to advance the project. To the extent, our progress is slower than expected, we will adjust our spending accordingly. Next, we've seen a significant decline in natural gas price forecast over the past year. Specifically, the Cal border 2016 forward curve has fallen from $3.60 in our prior guidance to $2.60 in our new adjusted guidance. The impact from this assumption is a reduction in earnings of approximately $0.05 to $0.07 per share that is associated with the LNG marketing contract from our ECA import facility in Mexico. Third, we reduced projected earnings from the TDM power plant due to lower power prices and lower expected capacity revenue. This month IEnova decided to hold the assets for sale. The sale would complete our exit from merchant generation and allow IEnova to deploy capital and projects that provide more stable earnings. While we project approximately $0.04 to $0.06 per share of reduced earnings associated with TDM, we do not consider any potential gain or loss from the sale in our adjusted guidance. Moving to Parent, we assume that we will use dividends from Mexico to participate in a potential IEnova equity offering. We forecast a 2016 earnings benefit from lower repatriation tax expense of between $0.08 and $0.10 per share. Offsetting this impact is an estimated $0.04 per share after-tax of higher interest expense to fund projects in our base plan. Next, like natural gas prices we have seen exchange rate forecast moved significantly over the past year. Relative to our previous guidance, our current forecast is for the dollar to strengthen in 2016 by an additional 20% against the Chilean currency and by an additional 13% against the Peruvian currency. Projected earnings are reduced by roughly $0.09 to $0.11 per share as a result of translating South American earnings into dollars. In Mexico, we have not previously forecast the impact of foreign currency effects. We now include in our adjusted guidance a reduction in tax expense associated with peso depreciation during 2016. Based upon the forward curve at year-end, we estimate this benefit to be approximately $0.05 to $0.07 per share. With regard to IEnova's acquisition of PEMEX, this ownership and their shared joint venture, Mexico's Competition Commission has required PEMEX to competitively auction two assets included in the original transaction. IEnova is negotiating changes to the original agreement with PEMEX that will reflect the auction outcome among other things. Our adjusted guidance assumes that the transaction moves forward with the same assets and closes in the third quarter of 2016. Based on this timing, we assume an estimated $0.02 of accretion this year. Our adjusted guidance excludes however, any potential gain associated with the remeasurement of our investment in the joint venture. In our Renewables business, we incorporate new forecast for wind resource and availability that reduced earnings by approximately $0.02 per share. However, our base plan now includes 328 megawatts of additional projects announced last year that are under construction. Given that these projects are expected to be in operation by the end of 2016, we expect to see the full earnings impact beginning in 2017. Finally, for the California utilities, our prior guidance was based on a very conservative assumption that revenues would be based on our current attrition mechanism with no further adjustments. Our new adjusted guidance range includes projected earnings that are more closely aligned with the GRC settlement agreement, and our best estimate of the outcome given the record in the preceding. Now, let's go to slide six for our business update, beginning with the California utilities. In our general rate case, we are currently expecting to see a proposed decision in March and to receive the final decision in the second quarter. As you recall, we reached a multiparty settlement agreement with the major parties in the case. Until we get a final GRC decision, we will record revenues based upon the authorized revenue requirement in 2015. When we receive the final decision, we will make an adjustment to reflect the retroactive earnings back to January 1, 2016. Turning to Aliso Canyon; we have received confirmation from DOGGR, the California agency responsible for regulating gas storage, that the leaking well has been permanently sealed. We have approximately 15 Bcf of natural gas in the storage field and the field is stable. Moving forward, an independent engineering firm has been selected by DOGGR and the CPUC to investigate the root cause of the leak. While we do not know how long this process will take, we will cooperate on the investigation and share publicly available data. Consistent with new rules under development, we are implementing enhanced leak detection and well inspection activities. We are also working cooperatively with all of the agencies involved to determine a path forward for the facility, which is regarded as integral to the reliability of the electric grid in California. Reflecting the most up-to-date information, which primarily includes revised temporary relocation and well drilling expenses, we now estimate the total costs or amounts to pay (13:45) and those forecasted to be paid to be approximately $330 million. Of this amount approximately 90% is for the temporary relocation program cost to address the leak, and attempts to stop or reduce the emission. The remaining amount includes among other items, the value of lost gas and estimated cost to mitigate the GHG emissions. For the estimate, we assume the relocation period for the majority of residents ended on February 25, as they agreed upon with the City of Los Angeles. We have concluded it is probable that we will receive insurance recovery for the total amount, less retentions of $325 million. Beyond this estimate, we cannot predict all of the potential categories or total amount of future costs that we may incur as a result of the leak. We have at least four types of insurance policies that provide in excess of $1 billion in insurance coverage. Based upon what we know today and subject to various policy limits, exclusions and conditions, we believe that our insurance should also cover the following categories not included in our estimates. Costs associated with litigation and claims by nearby residents and businesses and in some circumstances depending upon their nature and manner of assessments, fines and penalties. I refer you to our 10-K for further details. Please turn to slide seven. In Mexico, CFE is tendering several more gas pipelines. IEnova submitted a bid for one pipeline earlier this month, is in process of submitting a bid for second and is preparing to submit a third bid in March. According to CFE estimates, the three pipelines represent an investment opportunity of almost $2 billion, and we expect award dates to occur in March and April. This spring IEnova is also preparing to participate in Mexico's first auction of renewable energy certificates. IEnova is looking at potential solar opportunities and may submit a bid to expand the ESJ wind facility with this joint venture partner InterGen. The CFE would be the initial off taker under 15-year to 20-year contracts, and total awards could amount to 2,500 megawatt of new power generation. In our LNG business, there have been two noteworthy development. Our Cameron expansion project received its FERC environmental assessment on February 12, and we expect to receive the FERC permit in the second quarter. Though current market conditions are not ideal, Cameron train 4 is a very competitive market offering for long-term buyers. Based on recent meetings with potential customers, we are bypassing the memorandum of understanding stage and are in negotiations for definitive 20-year sales and purchase agreement. While our sales and purchase agreement will take longer to execute than an MoU, we are targeting the second half of 2016 for announcing customer agreements needed to launch the project. This approach provides us greater certainty on project commitments, prior to incurring large capital expenditures. For Port Arthur, yesterday, we signed a joint development agreement with Woodside Petroleum that outlines development roles in the potential project. In addition to how we will share costs and market capacity, the agreement provides a framework for how we will work together technically to design a cost competitive plant. Last month, I was in Australia meeting with the CEO and senior management of Woodside, and we shared the view that Port Arthur has good market prospect post 2020. Before moving on, remember that we have not incorporated additional LNG or other growth projects in our guidance. We are actively working on development opportunities across our businesses that could provide upside to both our near-term and long-term projection. With that, please turn to slide eight and Joe will discuss our financial results. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $369 million. On an adjusted basis, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $370 million, or $1.47 per share. Adjusted earnings in the fourth quarter exclude $3 million of expenses related to the development of our proposed LNG liquefaction project. In addition, in October 2015 an agreement was reached with the SONGS insurance provider for a $400 million payment associated with the failure of the replacement steam generators. Of this amount, SDG&E's share was $80 million. After reimbursement of legal fees and an allocation of $75 million of net proceeds to the ratepayers, our fourth quarter adjusted earnings exclude a $2 million after-tax adjustment to the loss on the SONGS plant closure. Full year 2015 earnings totaled $1.349 billion, or $5.37 per share. This compares to 2014 earnings of $1.161 billion, or $4.63 per share. On an adjusted basis, 2015 earnings were $5.21 per share. Year-over-year, adjusted earnings grew 11%. Individual financial results for each of our businesses can be found in the section of our presentation, entitled business unit earnings. I will address the key drivers for our consolidated quarterly results, now on slide nine. Compared to the prior year, fourth quarter earnings include a $48 million seasonality impact that increased earnings of SoCalGas. We call that applying seasonality to earnings of SoCalGas does not affect full year results, instead this fourth quarter variance offset seasonality impacts during the first three quarters of the year. At Parent, we recorded $21 million of lower tax expense, primarily related to a favorable resolution of prior year's income tax matters and reduced repatriation of dividends from Mexico. The lower tax expense at Parent, along with lower effective tax rates of the California utilities were primary reasons why we exceeded our revised 2015 adjusted guidance that we gave on our third quarter call. Third, SoCalGas recorded $16 million of higher earnings due to a higher CPUC base margin net of operating expenses and offsetting these factors was $18 million of lower tax expense in South America in 2014, as a result of Peruvian tax reform. Now, let's conclude. So please turn to slide 10. Overall, we delivered strong financial results in 2015 and exceeded our adjusted guidance. Solid growth in operating earnings and confidence in our long-term cash flows supported our decision to raise the 2016 dividend. In order to better align our future dividend growth with projected EPS growth, we are now targeting annual dividend increases of 8% to 9% over the next several years. Looking ahead over the next five years, we continue to anticipate earnings growth around twice the level of our utility sector average. Combined with the strong dividend growth, we aim to provide top-tier total shareholder returns. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and start to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go first to Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Debbie, I know that it's not – in the normal course, you usually don't update your five-year earnings growth forecast until the Analyst Day. But can I take from your comments early in your presentation that you still feel like the fundamental building blocks in the prior five-year plan that drove the earnings growth you articulated last February, are still substantively in place?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Greg, I think that's an excellent way to put it actually. If I look at the fundamental building blocks, as you know, our business is based upon long-term contracted and utility asset. And when we lay out our growth rate, the key things that are driving our growth longer-term are Cameron 1 through 3, which is progressing on schedule, on budget and we expect that to come online in 2018, as we've outlined before. Our Mexican pipelines are now, all except for three of them are actually in operation that are contracted, and so that is going quite well. And then our utility businesses and the fundamentals of our utility businesses as you can see from last year's earnings are very strong. And we would anticipate getting a rate case decision soon and one reason we want to hold off providing any numeric guidance is that we want to get that rate case decision and then be able to go through as we always do with you at the Analysts Meetings the details. The other thing I'd just comment on is, our board felt that there is great visibility to our growth. And since it's long-term contracted in utility, they were very comfortable, setting an 8% to 9% target for our dividend increases over the next several years. And I think that is a really strong statement in our sector to be able to grow your dividend at that kind of rate.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Right. And that's up from the last articulated target of 6%, correct?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes. We had talked before of about 6% growth rate in the dividend and now we're talking about 8% to 9% over the next several years.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Shifting gears to Aliso. You've articulated what your estimate is relative to the line items you've laid out. As we go forward here and we think about the path to understanding whether or not there will be further costs as they relate to fines or penalties. Which of the primary agencies that will be reviewing the safety, efficacy, performance of the plant? And if there were to be fines or penalties, in what categories would they potentially fall and who would be the agency that would be deciding whether or not to implement them?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, let me just start by saying that the key agencies that are doing the investigation are the Department of Oil, Gas and Geothermal Resources or DOGGR, and the CPUC. And they're now beginning the investigatory phase to see what's happening on the leak. I'm going to refer to Martha regarding the whole scope of agencies that would be involved and how we deal with fines and penalties. I will say though that there haven't been any that have been assessed. So, it's kind of hard to estimate anything. Martha?
Martha Brown Wyrsch - Sempra Energy: Thank you, Debbie. That's correct. The DOGGR and the California PUC are the primary agencies that would be – are investigating, and would potentially fine the company for what they discover in the investigation. And as Debbie said in her remarks earlier, our insurance coverage is quite broad with the four insurance policies that we have, and we do believe that in certain circumstances and depending on the nature and manner of the assessment, that insurance should cover fines and penalties.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Last question, in the California utilities bucket of things that have changed, I just wanted to be clear on my understanding. The first thing that's changed – has changed is or one of the things that's changed is you're no longer budgeting for $60 million of repair allowance and tax benefits. But the other thing that's changed is you've updated your assumptions for to take into account what you believe the impact is of the underlying economics of the settlement. Are those the two major changes?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Greg, that's correct. As we've looked at this, we told you last March that, when – under the rate case process that when we go through the rate case process, that there will be a true-up on this repairs allowance, and that was approximately $60 million. So, our earnings would be reduced for that going into 2016 in our utilities. But then we've reached this rate case settlement and when we've laid out kind of our guidance for 2016, our assumptions are and our range is that something similar to the rate case settlement would be adopted, and that's what we would anticipate.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Let me, Debbie this is...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: $60 million is after-tax right?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Hey Greg, Greg...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Sorry.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes, because it's a tax item, but Joe wants to say something.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Greg, this is Joe. I just want to make sure just to be clear for you and others, the $60 million was taken into account in the guidance we gave you last year for 2016. So that's not something that was new in our new introduced guidance today, but the GRC settlement was new, but the $60 million was in last year's number.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So $60 million was baked into the February guidance number? Thank you.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah. But it's important to understand because it's a difference going from 2015 to 2016. So it's a critical item to understand.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Got you. Thank you. I'll get off now. Thanks.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Okay.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: We'll move next to Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi, good morning. Apologize to answer. To ask a question that you probably don't want to directly answer right now, but just you're on the one hand saying the 8% to 9% -
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes, can you hear me?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I can hear you now.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Now we can hear you. We honestly did not cut you off.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: We can hear you now.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: You might regret that you didn't after I ask this question. But so just on the long-term growth rate, so we have two data points today. We have twice the utility average, and we have 8% to 9% dividend growth that better aligns with long-term earnings growth. Is it fair to say the 8% to 9% is not a view of your long-term earnings growth?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes, that's fair to say. I mean I'll answer that question. And I'll give you a – I'll use 2015 as an example. We grew 11% in 2015, we increased our dividend by 8%. So I would not link the two directly together. What I would look at is, what are the fundamentals of the growth drivers? And the fundamentals of the growth drivers are Cameron getting online on time, our utilities performing well and our Mexican pipelines being constructed and in service and all of that is going quite well.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. And then on the Cameron 4 update and the decision to move to directly to a contracting as opposed to an MoU, could you just maybe give a little bit more color on why you're doing that, and is that something the customers want or is that something that's better for you so you don't have to commit as much up front? I wasn't sure I understood the rationale there.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. I'm going to ask Octávio to cover that, but what I would say is, we see it as better for us, because we do have a timeframe by which we have to commit to get Cameron in service and maintain continuous construction. So actually getting the sales and purchase agreements done and have definitive agreement is a real positive for us, so this is something we like to have in place. Octávio why don't you have a talk about it from the customer perspective as well.
Octávio Simões - Sempra LNG Corp: Sure. Thank you. The reason why is because as Debbie indicated, we have a timeframe that's tight and we're trying to take advantage of the long-term pricing that we have from our EPC contractor. So going through an MoU, we'd (30:58) create an additional step that might drag that schedule. And as you know, given the way, we structure our deals on the LNG. We're not just selling cargos for a price, which would be a much easier sale. We're actually putting together deals that deal with low commodity risk and essentially long contracting capacity for the liquefaction, so we have to speak a lot to our customers about the upstream conditions, where the gas comes from, where it's delivered, how it's delivered and those tend to be more complicated sessions. And as a result, we've all decided to go forward. It wasn't just us, the customers also decided to go that way. So the people we're talking to at this point, we've all agreed to pursue the supply purchase agreements and gas supply agreements as part of our discussions in order for later in the year to have the full commitment to take the commitments we need to make on the capital side to launch the project.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. And one last question on Aliso. Could you maybe just talk a little bit more about the – and I know this is hard without the root cause analysis. But one is, the potential scenarios of fixes for the future. And then I guess the second question is, it does seem like Aliso is a critical facility for reliability in California. Could you talk a little bit about that issue and this conflict with some people wanting it not to start up?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. I'm going to have Dennis address that. What I will say is that the DOGGR has come out with a new set of rules that we're already implementing, and that they are very, very parallel to what we filed a few years back in our rate case for our program that's called Storage Integrity Management Program or SIMP. And so, I think that there are processes and things that we actually envisioned and already had filed for in our rate case that would allow us to safely operate this field going forward. Dennis, do you want to address further?
Dennis V. Arriola - Southern California Gas Co.: Sure. Good morning, Steve. Yes. As Debbie talked about our SIMP program and you know at the utilities we have an acronym for everything. But we actually started on a pilot program back in 2014, even before we got an approval. And as you know, we have requested within our general rate case for additional funding for our Storage Integrity Management Program. So that, we're waiting for the final decision there. As far as the importance of Aliso and just gas storage in general to both gas and electric reliability, I think it's been very clear with a lot of the comments by both policy and regulatory leaders, especially coming from the California Energy Commission as well as the PUC that it's vital that we have safe and reliable gas storage to support not just gas demand, but especially in the Los Angeles basin electric reliability as well. So, we're pleased to see that even in the visit that Department of Energy, Secretary Moniz, when he came out and visited, he reemphasized the importance of making sure that obviously, the facilities are safe, but that we have been back online in order to support both gas and electric reliability. So we know that there is, as Debbie mentioned, there is a full process that's been approved by DOGGR on their comprehensive safety review, we're working very closely with them on that. There is also some legislation that's been presented that, so far is open to amendments to incorporate as a process that DOGGR has laid out. So we're optimistic that sounder minds now from a policy, regulatory and political side recognize the importance of getting Aliso back online as safely and as expeditiously as possible.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Moving on to Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Neel.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: It's been awhile since we've gotten an update on Mexico. Obviously, you have three bids coming up that are pretty important. Could you just comment on the competitive environment there, and what you're seeing and possible opportunities beyond just the CFE pipes at this point?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure, and I'll have Mark talk about some of the upcoming bids, but what – a couple of things I've said before and I'll say again in terms of Mexico and the key thing for us is that we have a really great set of assets in Mexico, that are expandable assets that have additional growth potential. And so, these bids are very important to expand the infrastructure that we own there, but they are not the only way that we can grow in Mexico. And Mexico now have some pipeline bids that are going to be coming for us very soon, we've talked about the three that are out for bid right now, there will be others that will come out later this year. Mexico is also going out for bids for about 2,500 megawatts of renewables. And we have our ESJ plant operational there, that has the availability to expand by about a 1,000 megawatt. So, we think that's a great opportunity and then at Mexico is looking at going into other areas of bidding with electric transmission and electric generation. So, there's bidding but there is also growth potential that occurs from the great asset base that we have there. Mark, do you want to talk about kind of the bids and...
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Sure, Debbie. There is – as you know there is three pipelines right now that are currently under that we have submitted bids for and we're awaiting the determination. In total, it's roughly a couple of billion dollars' worth of work. We think, we're well positioned for it, but as you've seen there are – there has been some increased competition for some of these pipeline bids, but we're sticking to our kind of strategy of targeting kind of high single-digit IRRs and we're really looking to try to pick up these ones that we think fit our – that fit our profile and what we're looking for and obviously, we're interested in these at the right price. But I think the most important thing is Debbie's point is on the opportunities around our existing pipeline footprint, which, just to remind everyone, we are the largest pipeline operator in Mexico. We're very well-positioned, not only for this new work, but to expand those opportunities and start building laterals into other industrialized areas. And so, we see the opportunity for IEnova in Mexico for continued growth. And I think we've all seen some of the comments on PEMEX over the last few days and their desire to raise additional capital and to think about selling some of their additional assets, we're very well poised to take advantage of those opportunities, our relationships there are very strong. And so, we're very optimistic about IEnova's growth potential.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. So to summarize really basically, you believe that there's a lot of lateral opportunities just beyond the CFE pipes which you can service off of your existing infrastructure. Is that the right way to think about it?
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yes. That and also – and eventually additional capacity through compression on a lot of the lines that we currently operate.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. And then moving to the GRC settlement, the extension from Q1 to Q2. Is there anything to read into that bonus depreciation, extension, et cetera? Do you feel comfortable with the settlement at this point? Or any thoughts on that?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I mean we feel comfortable, but we're going to get a decision, proposed decision in the March timeframe. I mean that's what we're looking at. And the issue of bonus depreciation was part of the litigation in the record of the rate case and the settlement was made understanding that there was some potential for extension of that. So we think that the settlement is – we think it's likely to get adopted. And we think that we should have a decision hopefully sometime in the second quarter.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, good afternoon.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. So just following up a little bit more on the Aliso conversation, can you elaborate a little bit more on thoughts on next steps just both from a regulatory process? But perhaps, more importantly from an operational perspective, how do you think about getting the asset back in the service? And then also, how do you think about your own investment plan in light of what may be required out of that regulatory process, and or working around any limitations on the Aliso Canyon asset itself?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, let me just take a comment on that and then I'm going to refer to Dennis on coming back into operation. I think one thing that's quite positive is that when we filed our rate case we had actually filed for a program that would do internal inspections of wells and some of the things that has now happened on pipelines. And we filed for a program that would do that for storage facilities. And that in the rate case settlement, we ended up with two-way balancing account that would allow us to make those kinds of investments to do the review of the storage wells and go through them on a programmed planned kind of a basis, which is what we had proposed. But getting that all in place now and getting the facility operational for injection season, we've been spending a lot of time looking at how we use that program, which is basically aligned with what the Department of Oil, Gas, and Geothermal Resources or DOGGR has kind of outlined as well. So Dennis why don't you kind of talk about what we're doing now with Aliso and all of our storage facilities there.
Dennis V. Arriola - Southern California Gas Co.: Good morning, Julien. Let me start with Aliso and it's kind of really a two-pronged approach. First is, we're, obviously, as Debbie mentioned, we're cooperating with the investigation that's being led by DOGGR and the CPUC and they have an independent expert on the outside, a company call Blade Energy Partners. And so we're supporting them and they're really driving the time schedule there. So whatever time it takes for them to do their work and to issue the report, will kind of take its own path. But as far as getting the field back into service, as I mentioned DOGGR has issued its comprehensive safety review that we're working with them on. And it's very detailed process of testing, inspecting if necessary repairs. And as Debbie mentioned, it really does, it's very parallels, what we had put in place as far as our SIMP program and what we're doing from a pilot standpoint. So, we're working to expeditiously implement that. It's hard to tell at this point in time how long it will take us to get through all of the 115 wells. But the way that the program is put together, it does allow us once we've accomplished a minimum threshold of tests on all the wells, we can start bringing some of the wells on. We don't have to do complete work on a 100% of those. We can isolate or abandon certain wells and bring on the other wells at the same time. So, we'll be giving further updates on that down the road, but I think the key points there is, again, policy makers, the regulators and we're very closely working with all of these. So that they understand what could happen, both here in the summer from electric reliability standpoint and from a gas standpoint. We're all really working together to make sure that Aliso and all of our gas storage facilities are safe and reliable. And they can service our customers. We're also – there also is an emergency regulation that was put in place by DOGGR, is that applies to all gas storage facilities, not just Aliso. And so we're complying with that as well. And that includes things such as daily pressure reads, testing the wellhead valves, and some other procedures that have to be put in place. So there's a lot going on, we've got a people at all of our facilities. And we're focused on again doing this as expeditiously and as safely as possible.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great, excellent. And just quickly following up on one of the last questions, with respect to the decision to move from an MoU to just an outright contract. Let me just be very clear about this. Your confidence level is higher incrementally or you said, obviously less ideal market backdrop, but moving in that step, I would presume to be a statement of comfort that indeed this is moving forward. But I don't want to put words in your mouth either.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I mean there is no question that the market is tougher than it was when we signed Cameron 1 through 3. But Octávio has been negotiating with some very strong counterparties and they want to go to sales and purchase agreement, we want to go to sales and purchase agreement. That would allow us more comfort in starting to spend money on the facility, because it kind of lays out all the terms and as long as long you meet those terms, then they are obligated. And an MoU doesn't have that same level of obligation. So, I think getting these sales and purchase agreement signed, would give us a lot of confidence and being able to move forward with the facility later this year. Octávio, do you want to add anything to that?
Octávio Simões - Sempra LNG Corp: No, I think that we're pretty much as Debbie indicated, it's good that we're moving in this direction, obviously the counterparties are using resources that are expensive, whether it's a law firms or their internal resources. So there's interest involved in this. As you know this is a facility that's not selling into the current market, it's a facility that's going to sell into market 2020 plus. And it's going to be one of the lowest, if not the lowest facility at that point in time to deliver LNG to a time where just about anyone agrees, there is going to be a shortage of supply.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Citi's Faisel Khan has our next question.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks, good afternoon.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Faisel.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, Just the decision to expense some of the LNG development expenses, was that for Port Arthur or was that for Cameron's trains 4 and 5?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Most of the – the majority of the $20 million to $25 million is for Port Arthur and it's to do the work that's necessary to design enough of the facility where you can price it so you can market it. And that is engineering and legal cost and all. And then legal cost associated with the sales and purchases agreements for Cameron, and then the related facilities, the pipelines and storage and all of that integrate with that. That's what's most of the costs are. And they're expensed because those are the accounting rules, once we get contracts signed, then we would expect that this expense to not be part of our ongoing guidance, because we'll spend the funds once. And once we get contract signed then we will begin capitalization of the substantial part of the project costs.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, got you. And then in terms of as you enter into these negotiations for train 4, what are the hurdle rates you're looking at in terms of a return on capital for the project? Is it similar to the IRRs you were talking about with the Mexico pipeline that are 9% or is it higher? How do you guys look at the returns?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: We don't share that, because we're still negotiating with customers. But we always look at what our cost of capital is on a risk adjusted basis. And that we would have a reasonable return for that. So I mean, that's the way we would be looking at it, and our returns tend to be in the high-single digits, low-double digits for most of our projects so.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. And then could you remind us on the pipelines in Mexico, the tariffs are in dollar denominated terms. Is that correct, or am I or some of them in peso terms?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: In Mexico, our tariffs are in dollars, but we pay taxes in pesos. And so that's why we have the FX issue in Mexico, which usually has recently as always been in our favor in Mexico.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): So it just happens to be a coincidence that the tax benefit in Mexico offsets the currency depreciation in Chile and Peru?
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: It's a little more than a coincidence. There usually a some relation to currency valuations around the world, but it has been more of a one-for-one offset in the past, it has disconnected a little bit as we've moved forward.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Faisel, this is Joe, I'll just add on to Mark's comment. The FX benefit in Mexico, doesn't have to do with the tariffs, because all of these dollar denominated contracts and our dollar denominated business is really the functional currency and that's how we operate in Mexico, but we have to pay our taxes in pesos. And the Mexican tax rules require that we have FX adjustments related to our monetary assets and then taking into account inflation. And so, as these currencies kind of move in a similar direction against the U.S. dollar, we get this natural hedge, natural offset.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, I think that makes sense. And then when you talk about your guidance though for 2016, you're talking about a further depreciation in some of these currencies, or are you just looking at the forward rates? I just wanted to make sure I understood that language.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Joe, why don't you kind of walk through that?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah, let me walk through that Faisel, because I think this is important for everybody to understand and we talk about it from time-to-time. But we have some really, really well run utilities in South America, and over time, those have done extremely well and you can look back to the early 2000s. They've done very well over time and we like those assets a lot. But they are local currency run companies and their revenues are in local currency. And so, we've seen a depreciation against the U.S. dollar because we have to translate those into dollars of about 15% to 20%, since last year's plan. So when we did the 2016 plan last year and showed you a number, those currencies have depreciated 15% to 20%, and there's to some degree, some offset in our tariffs and they catch up over time because we have adjustments in our tariffs. But we've adjusted the revenues or the net earnings from those companies for that change in FX rates from a year ago to the ones we have now. In Mexico, the tax expense I was just referring to a moment ago that's an annual adjustment kind of it goes from what was the peso at the beginning of the year to what it's going to be at the end of the year. And I think Debbie mentioned in her remarks that we haven't had this in our planning in the past. And the reason is we're not allowed to under accounting – GAAP accounting rules, we're not allowed to kind of forecast that. So, with this year, we put it in the plan because we know that the Mexican pesos forecasted to move about 3.5%. And so, we forecasted a change in our tax expense for that 3.5%. And so in 2016, we see a little bit of loss there. In 2015, we actually had earnings as a result of this. We had $31 million increase at Mexico and a $20 million decrease in South America, so we had $11 million plus. So again in 2013-2014, it was neutral and between 2015 and 2016 that is going to be kind of neutral. These things don't move the needle very much for us. They're pretty small.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's very clear and I appreciate that. Last question for me. On the Renewables segment, just – and this is a small number, but if I look at the topline revenues in your Table F (52:19) sort of year-over-year, they are down. I'm just trying to understand why. I know that there's a lot of stuff below the line including tax and gains on asset sale and stuff like that they tend to move the needle – tend to move the earnings. But on the top line, I would suspect that that number would be relatively stable. So I'm just trying to understand why it would be down year-over-year.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I'm going to have Trevor go through that.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Sure. Faisel, what's really happening there is some of that is really the assets that have been dropped into the joint venture structures. And so there is certain assets that we owned a 100% in 2014 that are now owned 50% and then are picked up through the equity method of accounting.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Got it. It makes sense. Thanks guys for the time. I appreciate it.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Faisel.
Operator: We'll move on to Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. One question on LNG, and less about your contracting and maybe more about just the broader LNG markets. I mean if you read the stuff that comes out of a lot of the economic consulting firms or other folks, they tend to talk about how the LNG market is oversupplied. And so that would imply that it would be a headwind for any new LNG development. And yet it seems with some of the things you talk about at Cameron 4 and Port Arthur that your views and your actions and potential growth are contrary to that. Just curious if you could talk a little bit about the global LNG market, what you see for the near term and what you see for the long term?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure, I'm going to ask Octávio to answer that, but what I want to ask – to raise to you, is a lot of this is a about timeframe, and that what you read about is the current LNG market is seen as being oversupplied. What you also read about is that beginning in the 2020 period, and beyond there is a need in the marketplace for more LNG. So, now part of it is the timing of these things. So, if you were having a non-contracted project coming on today, that might be a real challenge. If you have a project coming on, when there is a market need, and that market need grows over time, then that's a very different market that you're going after. So, Octávio, why don't talk about the broad market and then how we feel that our facilities are going to compete in that market?
Octávio Simões - Sempra LNG Corp: Again, a bit of (54:51) introduction to the timeframe issue. The one thing that we need to start looking at is the current market is oversupplied as you indicated, no discussion about that, but we also have a little problem with the current market. We have an oversupplied market and yet the spot cargoes are more expensive than the long-term pricing, which was agreed in the tight market. So market is broken in its pricing formulas, and the market is adjusting to it as we speak and will adjust for the next couple of years. But our focus is not the current market. Our focus is 2020 as I've indicated, where you'll see that the current oversupply would we absorbed and then there is a shortage and unfortunately or fortunately, depending on your point of view, these facilities take five years, six years to come online once you decide to go forward. And as a result, we need to make decisions today to meet that demand. It is difficult to make. It's large capital investments when a lot of the big players are taking write-downs because of oil, that's the condition why the market is tough. Some of the buyers are confused by the oversupply, but our focus is not the current market. So globally, unless you believe we're going to switch everything from gas to coal and oil which would increase our carbon footprint significantly and it seems like the winds are the other way around, if you do believe that we are going forward, not only with a continuous economic growth, but with a change to a lower carbon footprint, then gas is going to play a role not just in the current markets but in other markets that are yet to open. One interesting statistics I heard this week at CERA Week was the fact that the lower demand from Korea and Japan was made up by increased demand in Middle East countries and therefore the demand didn't go away, and that was not there in the earlier projection. So globally, where our projects fit? We're comfortable. It is a tough market for people to make decisions when they're under significant pressure. But we think, we are offering to the market the lowest cost producing facility for 2020, and that's why the interest is there.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And I remember at one of your investor meetings, you outlined where your facilities, I think it was your last Analyst Day. You outlined where your facilities sit on a cost curve relative to other global LNG facilities. Just curious, given the fact that Port Arthur is greenfield and Cameron was brownfield, the thing that surprised us back then and still does a little bit now is that they are so close to each other on that dispatch curve in compared to some of the others. How are you thinking about, how the economics of Port Arthur as a greenfield would differ from some of the disclosures you've given previously on Cameron 1 through 3?
Octávio Simões - Sempra LNG Corp: That's a very good question and I'll be happy to bring up another topic that sometimes gets forgotten. In the economics of the – pardon me, in the Cameron based project we included $1 billion of the cost of the existing facilities which is essentially replacement value. So the economics of Cameron in that chart you saw at Analyst Day, as well as all the other charts included the value of existing facilities. And so what we're doing with Woodside and Port Arthur is looking at ways to break some of the paradigms in the industry, keep it as safe and reliable as we want it to be as the customers expect it to be, but look at ways to reduce cost. Just like we found when we did Cameron, that we had the lower cost per ton for conventional technology of liquefaction. We have an even lower price for the expansion of Cameron for trains 4 and 5 and we expect to achieve similar results with Port Arthur. If we don't find that we can do that then, Port Arthur is not going to go away. We simply believe that the industry has to be going back to a discipline of developing the next lowest marginal cost available of supply in order to be sustainable.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you Octávio, much appreciated.
Octávio Simões - Sempra LNG Corp: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll go next to Feliks Kerman of Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management, LP: Hi this is Ashar, how are you guys doing?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Ashar.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management, LP: Debbie, I just wanted to – there's a little bit of confusion, a lot of calls going on today. But if I'm correct, I heard you say in your prepared remarks, and please correct me if I'm wrong, that the goal is still to meet or exceed previous expectations set. Is that correct?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I'm not sure what expectations you're referring to. What we're very focused on is that the growth that we have outlined for you in our plans is long-term contracted growth or in our utility. And that what we put in our base plan is things that we already have under contract and then expected utility performance. What we expect to do is over the next five years, we expect to add projects to that. And this last year alone, we added 325 megawatts of renewables that will come online late this year. We've added or will be adding when the transaction closes the PEMEX acquisition and that was not part of our base plan a year ago. So, our expectations are that we're not going to sit still, we're going to continue to develop and grow our business. And that what we show you though in terms of our growth is and when we get to our Analyst Conference, we will do what we always do which is the blue box and the green box. That shows you what we have contracted and what's basically in our utilities as projects approved or in our rate case. And then we show you what we're working on that could add to that growth over the five-year period of time and we'll be doing the same thing for you this year.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management, LP: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Morningstar's Mark Barnett next.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Mark.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research: Thanks for all the comments on the LNG market today. I did want to ask one more question about Mexico. And I know that some of the pressure on PEMEX does create an opportunity in the – some of the assets they might be looking to offload. But I'm wondering if you know, you see beyond maybe this current slate of projects some headwinds just from the lower oil revenues from the Mexican government, and maybe if you could talk about how you see that balance of opportunity versus challenge?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I mean honestly, when you talk to our CEO in Mexico, he sees it as an opportunity, because the whole reason for a reform was to bring capital into Mexico to build the kind of infrastructure that they need for the kind of growth. And you have to realize, Mexico is going to be more competitive, the lower the energy prices are in the long term for them, that has been kind of their stumbling block on being globally competitive. So to the degree that they can use other party's capital and that would be us, I mean, we'd like to put our capital there and as if they can build the infrastructure that reduces their energy cost that they're moving forward on that basis. And so we think that, I think it's a struggle for PEMEX, with having being reliant on oil revenues, but it's an opportunity for us to come in and build things that wouldn't otherwise be built and that are needed as part of their long term Mexican infrastructure. So, that's kind of the way we look at it. Mark do you want to?
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I would just – let me just add to that too. I think that the – when we talk about energy reforms in Mexico, I think a lot of folks are focused on the reforms at PEMEX and they haven't seen increases in production and some of the things that they expected to see from energy reform and I think that's entirely the fault of $30 oil, and very little to do with the reforms, what are coming out of the reforms is a massive amount of energy infrastructure within the company, within the country and that infrastructure is doing exactly what it's supposed to do, as Debbie said, it's lowering energy costs, bringing natural gas in the regions of the country that didn't have access to it before, it's making – it's really making a big difference on lowering electricity costs across the country, and that's working very, very well. And to the extent that low gas or low oil prices are hindering some of the reforms at PEMEX, I think that again is creating a large opportunity for us, because it increases the need for PEMEX for capital. It gives opportunities for us to look at the assets that they are going to be putting up for sale. And so, from our perspective, I think we think that the reforms are working very much as intended, and that we will continue to benefit as being one of the best placed companies in the country to take advantage of those opportunities.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research: Okay. And with the latest round of bids, I apologize if I missed it in your comments. I mean you gave the bid dates, do you have an estimate for when you might expect the results from the bidding process?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: They were looking at – they haven't given any specific dates, but probably in the March and April timeframe, is most likely.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research: Okay. Right. That's all from me. Thanks a lot.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Thanks.
Operator: And it appears we have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Debbie Reed for closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, thanks again, for all of you joining us today, and all of your excellent questions. We hope to see you at our Analyst Conference on May 24. And if you have any follow-up questions, our Investor Relations team is available to answer anything that was left off from the call today. Thank you very much.
Operator: And again that does conclude today's conference. We thank you all for joining.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-03 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy Jeffrey Walker Martin - San Diego Gas & Electric Co. Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy
Analysts: Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Michael Jay Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management LLC Vedula Murti - CDP Capital US, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Please stand by. Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead.
Richard A. Vaccari - Sempra Energy: Welcome to Sempra Energy's third quarter 2015 financial presentation. A webcast to this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. Here in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Chief Financial Officer; Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel; Trevor Mihalik, Chief Accounting Officer; Dennis Arriola, Chief Executive Officer of Southern California Gas; and Jeff Martin, Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our third quarter 2015 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, November 3, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. Please turn to slide 4, and I'll hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Rick. During the third quarter, our solid operating and financial performance across the company continued. With strong year-to-date results, we are now raising our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance range to $4.95 per share to $5.15 per share. In addition, we continue to execute on our five-year base plan and are on track to meet or exceed our approximate 11% adjusted base plan EPS CAGR for 2015 to 2019. Since providing those projections at our March Analyst Conference, we have announced more than $2 billion of investment opportunities that are incremental to our base plan. We have also filed for commission approval of our GRC settlement agreement for SDG&E and SoCalGas. I am very pleased with our progress this year and I'm optimistic as we move into 2016. Let's begin with an operational update and then Joe will provide more detail on our financial results. Please turn to slide 5. With regard to our base plan, I would like to first revisit the visibility of our 11% adjusted EPS CAGR. On this slide, we provide key base plan assumption. I will mention just a few points. First, the almost $20 billion of investments included in our five-year base plan reflect projects that were essentially approved, contracted, or under construction as of March 2015. For earnings associated with these projects, we have risk mitigation strategies in place that limit our exposure to changes in interest rates, foreign currency rates, or commodity prices. We provide additional information in the appendix to this presentation. Second, our base plan projections do not include impacts from the proposed GRC settlement, the $2 billion of new projects or acquisitions announced since March 2015 or any earnings from our three potential LNG development projects. Third, we do not need to issue Sempra equity nor any potential MLP equity in order to finance the base plan. In light of the planned IEnova equity offering we discussed last quarter, we do not need to issue Sempra equity to finance the PEMEX acquisition or any of the announced renewable projects that are incremental to our base plan. Further, we did not include any earnings impacts from a potential MLP in our base plan. Altogether our five-year plan was built on conservative assumptions, and we are on track to meet or exceed our base plan earnings projections. Now, let's go to slide 6 for an update on our growth and development opportunities. Beginning with the California utilities, we filed a multi-party GRC settlement agreement for both SDG&E and SoCalGas in September. The settlement agreement is subject to CPUC approval. Under the agreement, SDG&E and SoCalGas would be allowed revenues sufficient to operate their businesses safely and reliably, and to provide excellent customer service. For 2016 through 2018, the agreement provides annual revenue increases for operations of approximately 3.5%. When including costs subject to balancing accounts, this equates to a total revenue requirement increase in 2016 of $17 million for SDG&E and $122 million for SoCalGas. Both utilities have also reached the second settlement agreement with the Office of Ratepayer Advocates for a four-year GRC term. The four-year term agreement is contingent on approval of our 2016 to 2018 GRC settlement, and on the commission approving a four-year term for all California utilities. If approved, the annual revenue increase in 2019 for SDG&E and SoCalGas would be 4.3%. Recall that our base plan projections assume utility revenues grow annually at the current 2.75% rate of attrition throughout the five-year plan period. Moving to Mexico, in July, we announced that IEnova agreed to purchase PEMEX's 50% equity interest in their shared joint venture for approximately $1.3 billion. The acquisition is expected to be about $0.05 accretive to Sempra's EPS in 2016, growing to about $0.10 per share by 2019. We currently expect the Mexican Competition Commission to rule on the transaction this month, and for the equity offering to occur before year end. In Mexico, IEnova also submitted a bid for the latest CFE pipeline auction, with award schedule for this week. Together with five other pipeline projects in Mexico that are currently being tendered, the total near-term investment opportunity exceeds $6 billion. I also want to mention that the Ministry of Energy has published the long-term plan for development of the national electric system. The plan outlines significant needs for new generation in electric transmission. We expect the initial transmission projects to be bid during the first half of 2016 under new rules of energy reform and IEnova plans to participate in these new markets. We provide more detail in the appendix to this presentation. Lastly, I would like to take a moment to comment on the status of Sempra Partners. In June, we announced that our board authorized us to pursue the formation of an MLP. The primary reason to form an MLP is to create a source of competitively priced capital to support Sempra's growth. As you are aware, current MLP market conditions are not ideal, and we will not go forward at this time. We are watching market conditions and we'll reevaluate our position in the middle of next year. In order to preserve this optionality about whether to pursue an MLP, we did submit a confidential S-1 with the SEC. As I stated earlier, we do not require equity from MLP markets in order to finance our base plan and we have flexibility in how we move forward. If we proceed, we will be convinced that the size and sustainability of the long-term value proposition for the Sempra's shareholder is intact. Now, please turn to slide 7. With regard to investment opportunities post 2019 that are beyond our base plan period, we continue to make good progress. For Cameron expansion, we filed our FERC application in September and expect to receive FERC approval mid-2016. We received EPC pricing for Train 4 with per train costs that are lower than Trains 1-3. We believe Train 4 could be one of the lowest cost LNG development projects worldwide and competitive in the marketplace. Now that we have firm EPC pricing, we can conduct focused discussions with customers, and we continue to target announcing customer agreements prior to the end of the first quarter of next year. For our Port Arthur project, we have received our DOE FTA authorization and are continuing our project assessment. We are targeting the first half of next year to execute a joint development agreement with Woodside. For our ECA liquefaction project, we continue to work on the regulatory and other project development issues with PEMEX. We view both the Port Arthur and ECA liquefaction projects as potentially providing LNG post 2020. With that, let's turn to slide 8 for a discussion of the quarterly earnings. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $248 million or $0.99 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported third quarter earnings of $250 million or $1 per share. Third quarter earnings in 2014 were $348 million or $1.39 per share. Adjusted earnings this quarter exclude expenses related to the development of our three proposed LNG liquefaction projects. Similar to last quarter, we only recorded $2 million of after-tax expense. This number reflects the fact that a substantial portion of the costs are either being capitalized or shared with our Cameron joint venture partners and PEMEX. Earnings this quarter include reduced tax expense associated with repatriation. As I mentioned on last quarter's call, we intend to participate in the planned IEnova equity offering, and now expect to use about two years' worth of dividends from Mexico that we had originally planned to repatriate. As a result, we expect an approximate $0.10 per share benefit in both 2015 and 2016 from lower than expected tax expense. Our current plan is to resume repatriation from Mexico in 2017 and 2018. I also want to reiterate that third quarter earnings continue to reflect the impact of seasonality in SoCalGas's revenues. This impact resulted in $113 million of lower earnings this quarter and $48 million of lower earnings year-to-date. Applying seasonality will have no impact on full year earnings. We will see a $48 million after-tax benefit in the fourth quarter due to seasonality. You can refer to the appendix for additional detail where we illustrate 2014 SoCalGas earnings had seasonality in revenues being applied. Excluding the impact of seasonality in SoCalGas revenues, Sempra's third quarter adjusted earnings increased by $15 million compared to the same period last year. Looking forward, we are now raising our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance range to $4.95 per share to $5.15 per share. With regards to 2016 earnings and dividends, we anticipate updating our guidance in February on our fourth quarter call. Our new five-year EPS and dividend projections will be updated at our 2016 Analyst Conference. I will note two additional matters. As a result of IEnova's anticipated purchase of PEMEX's interest in their shared joint venture, we expect to record a non-cash gain in the fourth quarter from the step-up of our own investment to fair value. This gain is not included in our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance. Finally, as Debbie mentioned earlier, our GRC settlement agreement excludes an issue proposed in the proceeding regarding certain intra rate case income tax benefits relating to repair allowances. The proposal recommended by one of the interveners would require reducing rate base by $93 million for SDG&E and $92 million for SoCalGas. In addition, the proposal seeks to reduce pre-tax revenue requirements related to the 2015 year benefits in the amount of $46 million for SoCalGas and $34 million for SDG&E through the third quarter of 2015. Our current expectation is that the CPUC will rule in our favor and do so on the same timeline as our GRC proceedings. That is because the proposed treatment would violate and contradict longstanding rate making and income tax policy. It would also represent a material departure from historical commission practice. Please turn to slide 9. Individual financial results for each of our businesses can be found in the section of our presentation entitled Business Unit Earnings. Key drivers for our consolidated earnings this quarter include $20 million of higher net operating earnings in Sempra International including foreign exchange impacts, $14 million of higher earnings at SDG&E from higher CPUC base margin net of expenses and higher electric transmission earnings, and $14 million of lower tax expense at the parent related to reduced repatriation of dividends from Mexico. Offsetting factors include the $113 million seasonality impact that lowered SoCalGas's third quarter earnings and two earnings items that occurred in the third quarter of 2014. One, the $25 million tax benefit for Sempra Natural Gas from the release of a state tax valuation allowance, and secondly the $14 million gain on the sale of a 50% equity interest in the first phase of ESJ in Mexico. Now, let me conclude with slide 10. Overall, our financial and operating results for the third quarter continued to be strong, and they positioned us to raise our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance range. Increased operating earnings at both the California utilities and Sempra International underpin our solid year-to-date results. Across the company, we continue to capture development opportunities that are incremental to our base plan and look forward to providing you new projections early next year. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and stop to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our first question from Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hey, good afternoon.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Neel.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: How are you?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Great.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: First question was on the pipeline award expected this week. There has been some articles with some bids submitted or published. And it looks like you guys are a close second. Are those apples-to-apples comparisons and does that reflect how the ultimate auction will come out or is that – or is the CFE still ruling on it?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, first, let me say that they just changed the date when we will be notified on the bid to November 10, which is next Tuesday. And if you've looked at any of these bids before, the capital costs are not really reflective of who wins the bid, it's one component of the total bid. The real bid decision is based upon the tariff amount that you are agreeing to provide over the 20 years or 25 years of the contract in all of these pipeline bids, and that's what will be analyzed and looked at next week and announced. Capital is a component, your return is a component, what your gas costs for operating the facilities is a component, what you think in terms of additional capacity sales that you might get off of the pipeline, those all factor into the creation of a tariff rate and that's what they will be announcing next week. So, we feel good that we're in a close second, only $4 million behind the low capital, but there is a lot of other factors that will come into the final decision.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And second question on Cameron Train 4. Has the timeline been pushed out as far as negotiating customer contracts or MoUs, because I think previously you guys mentioned end of the year and I think in your prepared remarks, you said you'd have something maybe by Q1 2016. Can you just remind us of the timeline going forward and the market conditions for additional LNG?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. I'll start and then I'll have maybe Mark add some additional color to it. But I've been saying in meetings with the investors for some time that we were looking at the end of the first quarter of next year. And that was because we really cannot – could not even begin negotiating MoUs until we have the EPC contract and we just got that this month. And so now we have the information that we can get a firm price. And we're very pleased that knowing that and getting a firm price, we think Cameron will be one of the, if not the lowest cost facility in the United States for LNG export. And so that allows us to really negotiate a firm MoU. And we followed the same process when we did Trains 1-3. We really needed to know what the cost was going to be in order to have a firm MoU negotiated. Mark, do you want to add anything?
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I would just say that we've been having substantive discussions with a lot of potential customers and now we've been able to give them some hard data to work with, and we do expect to show some results. They won't all come at once, and so we expect to have some towards the end of the year and in the first part of next year. But our firm decision to move forward on this would be late in the first quarter.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: You might also comment, Mark, on what we see in the contracting area there because I know that there has been a lot of articles and all, and what we've seen is that there are still a lot of parties out there contracting.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I think there's always – there's speculation in the press and rightfully so, picking up that LNG is oversupplied up through 2018, but when you start looking at the needs beyond that, when you get into 2020 and 2021, there's definitely a need for additional capacity and we're seeing that. And just to remind the audience, just in 2015 alone, we had 27 contracts signed. And 17 of those were 20-year contracts, four were 10-year and the rest were shorter term contracts. So there is plenty of activity going on, and we are certainly seeing that and we remain very confident that we'll move forward on Train 4.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And, Mark, just to quickly follow up on the comment that off takers will need LNG in 2021. How late can they wait before they sign contracts in order to procure that supply? Do they have another year or is it necessary to make that decision in 2016?
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: I think they really got to start making those decisions in 2016, especially for new projects because otherwise they just won't be online in time. We are probably the – as far as a new train goes, Train 4 can probably come online as probably as quickly or quicker than any other train in the market that's starting anew, and you've got to really kind of make that decision in 2016.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thank you very much.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yeah.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. Can you hear me?
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yes.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes, Julien. We can hear you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Excellent.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Good afternoon.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Yes. Indeed. So, perhaps firstly on Mexico, can you elaborate a little bit on opportunities down there, and I suppose principally focusing on non-oil and gas, but obviously this transmission, there's talk of electric capacity market like procurements, et cetera. What are you guys ranging to do down there at present?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I mean, that's a great thing about Mexico. I think, it's one of our wonderful growth platforms where we see layers of opportunities for our company there. And certainly, there is more bids coming out on pipeline, we'll see $6 billion worth of pipeline bids occur over the next several months and we will be actively involved in that. Following that, they are finalizing the market rules for electric transmission and in our slides we showed you some of the projects that would be up for competition and probably within the first half of next year. And we're very interested in participating in that market. Further, now some of the oil properties are beginning to be taken over as it is and we see some great opportunities to the liquids pipelines that will take how – take away capacity from some of those PEMEX properties that are now being developed. And also, potentially gathering and processing in those areas. And then the generation market we'll be opening and we have, as you know, the ESJ lands, property that could – we could add about another 1,000 megawatts or more to that area to do wind production. And so we see some great opportunities there. We also see some opportunities to really get some greater value add of our TDM plant. So, I think that and I would also add, I should say, that looking at our existing assets and a great pipeline backbone that we have, we can also add capacity with industrial customers to that and we're working on that right now. So we just see a great worth of opportunities, wealth of opportunities in Mexico and are very excited about it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Perhaps just a quick follow-up there. TDM, obviously, you've been looking for contracts a while. Is there an opportunity to re-contract that back into Mexico now because of the opening up of this market, I mean is this quote finally going to happen?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Those are the things that we're working on right now and we think that that those rules are getting put in place that would allow us to do it. Mark, do you want to...
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I was just going to say that the procurement for electricity along the Baja border haven't been let out yet, and so the CFE is working on that, but we fully expect that there'll be opportunities to contract that plant into Mexico. And you will have to weigh that against the opportunities on the U.S. side.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And then lastly bigger picture, if you would, in terms of the U.S. obviously we just talked about Mexico and the range of opportunities, but you all have been pretty active both on gas pipelines and renewables in the U.S. As you think about CPP, California's own 50% RPS, is there anything bigger picture we should be paying attention to, any observation?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, I mean there are two sides of opportunity that we certainly see there. As you know, we do the renewable development and we have the potential to add additional solar project that can sell into the California market. And as you know, since our Analyst Conference, we already got two additional solar projects sold into the California market, and that was before the 50% was adopted. So, we see great opportunities to expand our existing solar facilities. And then in terms of our utilities that the integration of 50% renewables is going to require both gas and electric investment and the reason it requires gas investment is the type of generation that's going to be needed to support renewables in the area is different, and the location of that may be different. And so we're looking at major investments to our gas system to support the future. The North South Pipeline which we have before the commission right now would not only reinforce the system for reliability, but also help provide for that 50% renewable future. And then of course on our utility side, we're going to have to make investments, so it will allow us to integrate all of the additional renewables in. So, I think there are some investments that are not part of our current plan right now, North South Pipeline is not part of our base plan nor are additional solar projects, nor are any of the distributed energy resource planning on it. None of that is part of our base 11% growth plan. So, we see that as all potential upside.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning/afternoon.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Stephen, how are you?
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very well, thanks. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to talk about dividends from Mexico. It makes perfect sense to use that cash to further invest in the business. As you look out longer term, do you think it's likely you're going to want to think about trying to keep more of that cash within Mexico rather than bring it back in the U.S. It sounds like it's efficient in some ways to do that. I'm just wondering whether you think this is more of a near-term phenomenon or something that we could see you extending out and trying given the excellent growth opportunities in a country.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I'll start and then I'm going to turn it over to Joe. I mean I think when we were looking at doing the dividending, it was because we had the net operating losses that we could benefit from. So when we look at the PEMEX deal, it made a lot more sense for us to keep the cash in Mexico for that major project. And so, I think to the degree that we continue to have major projects in Mexico, that would drive some of our decisions there. But why don't you talk about our plans, Joe, and...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Sure. Thanks, Debbie. Hey, Stephen. It's a great question and I'll just go back. I will remind you all that, we essentially built all the equity in Mexico from profits from international operations over the last decade or more and basically doubled the value of that as we took IEnova public. So, it's been a really good investment for Sempra and we will continue to want to invest in it. We do have public shareholders now, so we will pay a good dividend from IEnova and Sempra will receive some of that cash. We don't need to bring it all the way to the U.S. Our current repatriation plan has us doing that through 2018 but as we just said, we're going to hold off on that for two years so we can use that money effectively in this offering. I expect IEnova to keep growing and I would expect us to want to continue to participate in offerings as we go along so that we don't dilute our ownership so much. And so I think what you're suggesting is probably the way it will play out over time and that's been a really good thing for us.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That makes sense. Great. Thank you. And just on your DRP overall. Shifting gears, any feedback or reaction that you had to the different elements. It sounds like obviously the grid overall needs to change, which you mentioned just a minute ago, but just curious that any color and the kind of feedback that you've received so far.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I'm sorry. I wasn't quite sure, you're talking about...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Distributed resource plan.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: The distributed resource plan. Okay. I'm going to ask...
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's right.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I'm going to ask Jeff talk about that. Jeff, do you want to...
Jeffrey Walker Martin - San Diego Gas & Electric Co.: Sure. Good morning, Stephen. You recall the kind of focus that program is really intended to make sure that all the investor owned utilities are making the investments, which are necessary to make sure that distributed resources like solar and other resources continue to penetrate the system. And when you kind of compare that to some of the other things we talked about like SB 350; that's designed to make sure there's a lot more central station renewable. So as you have more participation on the central clean energy side and the on the distributed side, it really sets up pretty interesting dynamic for the electric utilities to make more investments around transmission and distribution to accommodate those resources and particularly the unique characteristics of the fact that they're so intermediate – intermittent. But I think that the – one of the things we keep falling back on is we've got about a $5.8 billion capital program through 2019, and we continue to think of the DRP opportunities, Stephen, it's kind of a longer term opportunity. Part of this maybe definitional in the way some of the different utilities in the state talk about it. But for us, anything that comes out of the DRP, whether it's greater use of batteries, synchronous condensers, more solid state switches, more investments around electric vehicle charging, all of that we would view as being an additive to the plan that we already have from a capital program standpoint.
Stephen Calder Byrd - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Hi, guys. Just a couple questions on clarification and I apologize if I missed it. But what was the assumed annual repatriation from Mexico for 2015 through 2018 in the last five-year plan?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Joe, cover that.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: We basically said back in 2012 when we started, Greg, that we were going to do approximately $300 million a year. We didn't break it down between Mexico and Peru, but we set a roughly $300 million a year for that period, 2012 through 2018. And so, we're pulling back on the Mexico piece for this two-year period. So, you can see we're talking roughly around $300 million investment in the IEnova, $300 million to $325 million maybe, something like that. So, if you think about that, cut that in half and you see what the Mexico piece was for a year.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So, you're going to basically keep – so, you're telling us that $325 million is the amount that you're now not going to repatriate and instead use to help finance...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: In the two – yeah, over the two-year period 2015 and 2016. We already have the 2015 dividend. It's already in a Mexican holding company above IEnova, we'll use that and then we'll borrow some money for a short-term until we get the dividend next year usually in the summer time.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Okay. So, you answered my question without me having to try to figure out on my own $325 million. Thank you.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Roughly, right around that.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: And then the second question and it might entail a longer answer is, I know, you told us in the five-year plan what your assumptions were with regard to the general rate case outcome in terms of attrition, it was 2.75% and the repair allowance benefits would be flowed through to customers beginning in 2016. If this deal was approved, I know the attrition adjustments are modestly better. But can you explain the repair allowance – the prospective repair allowance framework and then also go back – maybe explain a little bit more what your exposure is perhaps the retroactive look at repair allowance goes against you?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. Let me start this because having been in this business for 37 years, I can't help, but make comments on how flawed I think the proposal is. And it was only raised in our case by one of the interveners and what they're basically trying to do is re-coup what had been decided in the last rate case. So, we think it's legal case retroactive rate making and I – we will fight it as a legal case that retroactive rate making. What in our case is, I just want to talk about our set of facts. Because I think our set of facts is really important. A record in our case was officially closed in July and we did not even file with the IRS for any consideration of a change of tax treatment until after the record had been closed and in the case of SoCalGas, it was more than a year after the record had been closed. So, we think that to try to re-trade this and to go back and recoup those dollars is fully inappropriate. And so we think we have a very good legal standing in our case with our set of facts and we will fight that. As Joe mentioned in his prepared remarks, the dollars that we're talking about or the SDG&E for 2011 to 2014 is $93 million, and for SD – or SoCalGas is $92 million. And a memo account for 2015 because they were all concerned about the retroactive rate making effect and so they tried to cover it with a memo account. There is SDG&E $46 million pre-tax and SoCalGas $34 million pre-tax through September. We will fight all of this because the history has been very, very clear that it's to the benefit of the customers to have utilities pursue efficiencies and tax benefits and everything. And that the shareholders have to pay for all the research and work that was done to accumulate these benefits. And that the shareholder has always been able to keep those benefits in between rate cases, and then the customer gets them at the next rate case. And when we did our 2016 plan and beyond, we did incorporate in that $40 million reduction at SoCalGas and $19 million reduction at SDG&E starting in 2016 forward for that now going to the customer, which has been the regulatory history of how these things have been dealt with for decades at least since I've been here. So, we think that we will prevail on this issue with our good set of facts and we will continue to fight this, because we think it is a retroactive rate making situation.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So that sums it up, the worst case scenario would be you lose your – on your legal position and that goes as a reduction to rate base, but prospectively, you worked out how you're going to pull back the benefits?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Right. I mean that's the way it's always been, is that the customer gets the benefits flow through to them at the next rate case and we assume that in our base plan and Dennis and Jeff went through that in March, because we've always had that assumption that come 2016, those will become benefits that will go to the customer.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay, great. And then, a final question amongst the many things you guys have talked about, some – two of the biggest building blocks for earnings as we go into next year that were not in the base plan are the $0.05 of accretion from the PEMEX, which rises to $0.10 in 2019. And then also the continuation of this $0.10 benefit from not having repatriated cash from Mexico. And then you've got all these other things on the checklist that you've won that weren't in the plan that you delineated earlier as well. Correct?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. And some of those don't happen next year that they begin construction but they are not in service next year, so...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yep.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Turnure with JPMorgan.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Chris.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. How are you? I wanted to just follow up back on Trains 4 and 5 here. Could you maybe give a little bit more color to the extent if there's anything different from what you said earlier in the call about the potential for getting a Train 5 contract signed in addition to just Train 4. And then, could you comment on whether the EPC contract preliminary agreements there were not just good but better than your expectations at all?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. I'm going to ask Mark to comment on that as he's smiling. So...
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Well, I would say that I'll answer the second question first, which is with respect to the EPC contracts. I think we were pleased with the way the numbers came out. I won't say we were terribly surprised, we suspected that continual construction would lead to a very low cost and we were – and I think we're proven correct. So, we do believe that it will be beneficial to continue the construction into Train 4 and that will actually reduce the costs for all of the trains in the facility. So, I think it will make Cameron a very competitive facility. With respect to any change in the way that we're looking at it – as to Trains 4 and 5, I think we've said numerous times in the past that the decision to go forward with Train 4 is really a Sempra decision that we've made in conjunction with our partners. And for Train 5, that will be a decision that's made by our partners and they're still contemplating that and whether they go forward at the same time or not is really not – is their call and really not ours, and frankly not that relevant to our investment decision or our financial outcome.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, shifting gears to the total return vehicle. You mentioned you're going to revisit the idea in the middle of the next year. Is there a reason for that timing specifically, and maybe you can give a little bit more color as to what you would view as a constructive MLP environment out there for you guys to have a low cost of capital?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, let me just say that the middle of next year is arbitrary, it's more that we want to see sustained markets that can make us feel that the cost of capital that we would receive by doing it is better than what we would receive at Sempra. And so, we did not want to give you a view that we're going to look at it again next month, and the month after, it's going to be – we're going to have to see really sustained improvements in the market that cause us to want to launch something on the basis of allowing our growth, this wonderful growth that we have to occur at a lower cost of capital. And if it doesn't deliver that value proposition, then it doesn't make a lot of sense for us to go forward. So, that's how we're looking at.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, hi. Just first, to follow up on that, so is the registration still live for the MLP in the meantime, or is it no longer kind of live?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, the registration can stay live for a period of time, and what we did is we wanted to have full optionality. So, we did this with IEnova, we did a lot of pre-work to be ready to launch if the markets were right. And we ended up actually launching IEnova faster than we thought we would have, because we saw Mexican reform coming, we'd won some pipeline bids and it made sense for us as a way to raise both debt and equity. But we would have to see the same kind of thing for the MLP, and so that's kind of how we're looking at it.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, apologize to move back to the repair issue, but just to kind of clarify, if we looked at the forward revenue requirement of the utilities, what would be the impact to that beyond what's currently in your plan if this is upheld?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, all I can...
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Is it just the lost return on that rate base or...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, there hasn't been a decision in our case. So it's hard to say what it would be. And I will say our set of facts is not exactly the same as another utility's set of facts. So, I wouldn't want to speculate, I told you the amounts of what the tax was over the period of time, but how it ultimately gets treated and everything, that will be litigated in our case. So, I couldn't really speculate on that.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then finally, the $2 billion of upsides – investment upsides to the plan, which I guess that's also separate on top of the rate settlement separately, but just the $2 billion of investments. Could we just go through those one more time? I know we have – PEMEX investment is a big one.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Right.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Is it the two...
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: The PEMEX...
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: ...renewables projects?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. There's three renewable projects and then the PEMEX, the PEMEX was about a little over $1.3 billion and then the three renewable projects equate to the remainder. So, I mean that's...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: They are in the slides, Steve, on page 19.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And just at a high level, has anything gotten worse than when you gave the plan, any key drivers or is generally the rest the same?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: I would say the only thing that is down from the original plans is natural gas prices are down. So, that's a factor in – and you're looking at 2016, is that what we're talking about?
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: No, the whole five-year plan, the 11% growth...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah, so really – oh, the whole five-year plan. I mean natural gas prices are clearly down almost $2 from when that plan was put together a year ago. And FX, clearly, the dollar has strengthened against all the currencies, that has actually been in our favor right now because the Mexico effect is bigger than the South American effect. So, it's a little bit hard to see how that will play out over the five-year plan period because it depends on what the U.S. dollar does against those three currencies. And I think those are really the two main factors. Everything else is very consistent. We have a very long-term contracted business with a good regulatory model and we just got this proposed decision that – or I'm sorry, the settlement – proposed settlement, so feels pretty good.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. The only other thing that I would mention that I didn't mention in terms of the upsides to the plan is that we did get the additional pipeline in Mexico, that's about $110 million. So, they're all listed on slide 19.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good afternoon.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Faisel.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Hi.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Can you remind us also just what the dividend growth rate is along with the base plan for 11% EPS growth 2015 to 2019?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Well, we had talked about a dividend growth rate that was around 5% to 6%. But that – and our board considers that every February and the great thing that we have is that we have all of these projects that are long-term contracted and then we will get our GRC decision by February, we will see the progress on construction of Cameron, which is going really well. And we will see if we're getting some contracts on Cameron 4 at that time and so there will be a lot of visibility to things that may cause our board to reconsider, is that the appropriate growth rate over the time through 2019. And so that happens in the February timeframe and we had targeted a 45% to 55% payout ratio at 2019 – and that, I think there's been no change in that type of a thought process, but what we do in the interim, I think, we're going to be looking at again in February.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And any change in your thought process around M&A? Certainly the midstream and MLP sector has been hit pretty hard, I'm not sure if that changes your calculus around how you look at assets and opportunities?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, we always look at – we've looked at a lot of the MLPs and we looked at – I think our interests would lie as, we haven't seen anything that is greatly attractive to us in terms of the composite in an MLP. But there are some assets there that if they need the cash and they need to start liquidating some assets that we may be very interested in. And so we've identified things that would be of interest to us and we continue to monitor those and have discussions as appropriate.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: See, let me just add – if I could just add to that. I see this transaction and the wonderful thing that we have at Sempra is that we have such high organic growth that we don't have to do those kinds of transactions to get our growth. And so I would just tell you all we're really picky about what we would acquire because we've had such success in doing greenfield projects that – and our returns tend to be higher on all the greenfield projects and the acquisitions. So we're very disciplined when we make acquisitions and I think hopefully you'll see from the PEMEX acquisition. We think it's a very good acquisition for us. It's accretive. It allows us to have a more robust pipeline system that we can grow from. So that's what we really look at.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, understood. And then just on the potential assets in Mexico, I was wondering have you guys looked at exporting LPG, propane and butane out of Mexico. I know a number of people have been trying to figure out how to export LPG out of the West Coast and it's been a difficult process. So I'm just trying to see if you guys have looked at that opportunity and if you think it's a viable option out of the West Coast.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I will have Mark talk about that. I mean, what we have – we have the ethane pipeline and that we look at all opportunities. We also have the joint venture that we'll continue with PEMEX. And so these are some of the kinds of things that we would see as being potential out of that JV. Mark?
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I would say both in the U.S. and in Mexico we've studied opportunities to export various kinds of natural gas liquids and we haven't put a project together or announced anything, but it's something that we study all the time and I do think there's some interesting opportunities. So it's definitely top of mind. There is a real need to move some of these liquids out of the producing areas, and to the extent that we find an opportunity that works for us, I think we'd be willing to capitalize on it.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, last question from me. Any impact from the hurricane on the West Coast of Mexico to your operations or assets?
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: No.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: No, no.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, got it. Thanks.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now go next to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Jay Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, guys, real quick...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Hi, Michael.
Michael Jay Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, guys, real quick question.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Michael.
Michael Jay Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: ...on the U.S. renewable business. Can you talk about how much incremental room you have for the development of solar projects whether it's Mesquite, Copper Mountain. Really can you just talk about it fleet-wide like almost how much excess room do you have in the backyard, how many megawatts would that potentially create over a long period of time?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: So, I'm going to have Mark address that.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Hi, Michael. Yeah, we've got about 420 megawatts under construction and with respect to solar, we have about 280 megawatts of property that's still available for development. And then, we're actually in the process of trying to acquire a little bit more to increase that. And then, with respect on the wind side, we have just a flat rate, we have over 200 megawatts that's potentially developable there. And then, of course, at ESJ, we have, I won't say unlimited, but it's a very, very large amount of capacity that's potentially over 1,000 megawatts.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: And that can sell both into the U.S. or into Mexico.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Correct. Yeah. So, we do have – we currently have developable properties that we can and then, obviously, we're looking at new ones all the time.
Michael Jay Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And how should we think about contract prices and the economics of the projects you announced at the second quarter call versus ones you started development on three years or four years ago?
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: I would say that the economics are very similar or sort of within 75 basis points of each other. Our returns, we don't really announce what the returns are, but the prices are cheaper because of the cost of this – of the product of both in wind and solar has dropped dramatically and that's made a big difference.
Michael Jay Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks, Mark. Much appreciated.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: All right.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go now to Mark Barnett with Morningstar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research: Hey. Good afternoon/good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Mark.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research: Thanks for all of the details today. It's been a really helpful call. A couple of just quick questions, just one clarification for the $0.10 – extra $0.10 in guidance that was assuming approval of the PEMEX buyout this year?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: You want me to answer it?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I'll have Joe answer that. Yeah. Go ahead, Joe.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah, Mark. No, that was our reassessment of our desire to make the investment of the two years where the dividends, 2015 and 2016 dividends. And so we have recast our tax expense to assume that we will only repatriate this year and next year from Peru and not Mexico, so that's locked in, we are doing that.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research: Okay, okay. So that decision was certainly not then contingent on approval, okay.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: It's not contingent on the closing, no. We're just not going to repatriate those monies for 2015 or 2016. We believe that the deal will close and we will fund it. And so there is no contingency there. We've already adjusted in the third quarter tax expense for that and so you'll see also lower tax expense in the fourth quarter combined that will be the $0.10.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research: Okay, great. Sorry, I was a little confused on that. And more of just a big picture question since it's a new development. With the transmission bids that will be beginning in 2016, how do you view your competitive position there given that your existing relationships in gas is sort of a different ball game, I guess, on the electric side? Can you maybe talk about sort of the competition and the clarity that you've seen around the bid structures, obviously something that took some time to develop with the gas?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I think a couple of things. We have some outstanding experience building major transmission projects in difficult areas. Sunrise is probably one of the most difficult transmission projects to get done and it got done on time, on budget. So – and I think our company has shown our ability to work through regulatory agencies and get all of that done. When you go to Mexico then and you take some of those skills and you transfer that rights of way will be a key issue. It's very similar on the gas and electric side and in fact there may be cases where the transmission could use some existing rights of way that we've already acquired. And then, the siting of the line, the ability to work with the agencies, CFE would be the agency that would be bidding these out and we have good experience working with CFE. And I think having a workforce of several hundred people headquartered in Mexico City that know how to work through these processes, I think that we're in a really good place to enter that area of the business with the experience that we have in Sempra and do quite well in it.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yeah. And I would just add to that we have developed transmissions lines outside of the U.S. as well. We've been one of the – we've done a good job of building transmission in Chile, we've built some things in Peru. And so it's not – we're not without experience outside of the U.S. as well. So, I think given the combination of experience that we have and our relationship with the CFE, I think we're in – we should be in very good standing to be competitive in that market.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research: All right. Thanks for your thoughts, guys.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Sure.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Goldenberg with Luminus Management.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management LLC: Good afternoon.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Hi, Michael.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Michael.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management LLC: Hi. I wanted to get more understanding on the guidance and the $0.15. So, you increased the midpoint by $0.25 of which $0.10 is taxes. Can you maybe help me understand the other $0.15, since it's not PEMEX?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, I think if you look at the strength of our business so far this year, you look at how our performance is all of our businesses, and then you adjust for seasonality at SoCalGas, our utilities are having very strong years, our other businesses are having very strong years. So, we look at where we are today and where we think that we will be at the end of the year across all of our businesses. And I think everything is doing very well. So, there is not like one thing that's behind it. There is $0.10 for the tax, the repatriation issue, but the rest of it is across our businesses.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management LLC: So, it's not one specific thing and it's not GRC and it's not PEMEX, right, it's just kind of spread out...
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, the GRC doesn't take effect until next year. PEMEX will not close until later this year, so it won't be until 2016 earnings. So you won't see the GRC effect until 2016 nor will you see the effect of PEMEX until 2016. So it's neither of those, it's just the strength of our base operations across the board.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management LLC: And then the other part that I'm trying to understand, since you were raised $0.15 but you kept CAGR as the same, is the starting point now high and thus the ending point will – and is the ending point also higher?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: I'm not sure I understood it.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: He is saying we're raising $0.15.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yes.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: But keeping the CAGR the same. I mean, we're not setting a new CAGR. Debbie was talking about our approximately 11% CAGR that was in the Analyst Conference. We're not telling you a new number yet. We'll give you a new guidance when we have the conference or what our 2016 to 2020 number is. But we've already said we already know that the numbers are all getting higher, because we have $2 billion more projects, we have a number of positive things going for us. So I think you can glean from that that it wasn't lifting up the front and keeping the end smaller, that's not our intent of this conversation.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. But I will also say that that's a 2015 to a 2019 CAGR. And one of the reasons that has some big effect is that the end of the period what's been great is that we've been able to produce strong results at the beginning of the period. So that Cameron adds a lot in 2018 and 2019 to that growth rate, but we're also growing our business in a lot of other areas and we've had exceptional performance in safety, reliability, customer and financial performance from our utilities as well as our other businesses.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management LLC: So, what I'm hearing is both conceptually things are going great and mathematically as well, if we just crunch the numbers...
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: We just won't tell you what number to forecast, that's it.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vedula Murti with CDP Capital.
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital US, Inc.: Good morning, good afternoon depending how – wherever you are.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hello.
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital US, Inc.: I'm fine. I'm wondering given the sales to the MLP market and everything, yeah, I'm sure – I would suspect you have this theory at least some inventory of very mature assets where the EBITDA and everything like that is on full run rate and everything like that and there are other entities that are going to be needing to big machines, so to speak. So, can you give me a sense as to what – and you guys have always been very, very good at recycling capital. So, can you give us unless I missed this earlier, I did show up a little bit late, I showed up in the Q&A. Can you give a sense as to what might be available in terms of either in some gross EBITDA value or something like that or certain types of assets that you think that it will recycle capital during this period, while you're waiting to see things stabilize if they're all on their optimal run rates?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. If your question is like what is our capital allocation methodology and our enterprise, is that what you're trying to get at?
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital US, Inc.: Well, I'm trying to get at the fact is that you probably have certain plants or assets or whatever that already at regular run rates and they're contracted and the fact is that those – in theory would have probably been appropriate for holding on to for an MLP, but if the MLP is going to be pushed off and you have MLPs and YieldCos that are going to need to acquire in order to justify their own cost of capital, the question is whether you have a inventory of assets that you can recycle capital perhaps at better rates than sitting on them right now and just waiting for the MLP market or whatever to turn around?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I would say that we always look at our assets everyday as if we've just bought the company. And so everything we look at if it is – makes sense for us to sell it and to exit that, we're willing to do it and same thing in terms of looking at acquisitions. We're very disciplined on that. I will give you examples of what we've done in the past, I can't tell you what we might do in the future, it depends on what the market is, what kind of pricing we could get, but we decided to exit merchant generation because it didn't fit our model and we filled our power plants as an example. So those are the kinds of things that we do on a regular basis and a lot depends on what the market conditions are and what kind of premiums will be paid and whether or not it would make sense for us to exit that, and then redeploy capital into some future growth. And we always think that way, but I'm not going to list any kind of assets that are for sale.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: And I guess I would just add to that too is that, all of our large assets that we expect to be – essentially fully contracted and moving forward, and if you look at our pipelines in Mexico, our LNG facilities, all of those we believe have expansion capability. And so it's not like – even though they're fully contracted for their current size, we think all of them can – especially in Mexico, we're in the process of expanding capacity on some of our existing pipelines and adding additional revenue. We're looking obviously at Train 4 to Cameron. We're looking at additional facilities. So I think we've got a lot of growth left in a lot of our major assets. So we really wouldn't be looking at that at this time. We want to be completely sure that we capture all of that growth and all of that additional revenue. But I think for more mature assets down the road, as Debbie said, we always look at that stuff.
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital US, Inc.: Well, maybe the point I was trying to distinguish between kind of legacy, fully mature assets that are at their full EBITDA run rates or whatever where there is not – it's obviously contributing, but there is not necessarily – that's not the growth component. And I'm trying to distinguish that between Mexico expansions or Cameron or whatever. And I just don't know what your – what the pot might be that because you guys have been one of the best in our industry in terms of recycling capital. So I'm just curious if you can give a sense of what that. Assuming this is the way you're thinking about whether there is a part of recycle book capital that is sitting there that's depending on given the other market participants. That's what I'm trying to get a sense of.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I think that when we look at what we've had, all I can tell you is what we've done historically and we did that with coal plants that we bought and we sold that when we thought the market was changing. We did that when our generation plants came off the DWR contracts and that they no longer fit our model because we go for long-term contracts. So we always look at the market and we always look at what's left in our contracts. What we think is a little chance of re-contracting, is there more value there to us that we could get out of the asset. I mean, that's the way we look at it and so I am not going to go through how we would look at specific assets, but I can tell you that's the methodology we use.
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital US, Inc.: Well, one last question and I'll let someone else go. And given that history and the way you describe it, what starts bidding that type of thing to be examined, like for instance, gas storage, the Mid-South (67:20) or something like that. I'm just curious – I'm sure, not everything is perfect. So, the fact is – and you guys have always been very, very good at identifying that. So, I just want to get a sense of what might be available just to recycle and optimize?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I just don't think I can answer what we would plan to look at selling. I think I can tell you what the methodology is. And when we look at an asset like storage, I can tell you it's at very low values right now in comparison to what it's been in the past, but you see what's happening in the gas market and you see what's happening relative to coal to gas conversion and the need for storage by utilities and then all of the LNG plants in the Gulf. So the way we would look at an asset like that is do we think it could have greater value to our shareholders in the future, and are there ways to optimize that, and how much could we get to sell it in the market, and that's the way we would always look at those kinds of assets. So, I really don't think I can give you a list of what we would be considering – that wouldn't even be a good thing to do for our shareholders in terms of any kind of negotiation. So, I think that's all I can really say.
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital US, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. I'll let other people ask questions. Thank you.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good afternoon.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: How are you doing? Just, I know you've been asked this by Greg and Steve, but I just want to make sure I have a better understanding. With respect to the repairs deduction rate base potential impact, you mentioned a couple of different numbers, you mentioned memorandum account numbers. And I just wasn't sure what – on a corporate wide basis, what kind of rate base is actually sort of being challenged here retroactively, which you guys don't plan on – I understand you guys don't feel a valid challenge. But I just wanted to know what we're quantitatively roughly speaking about?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Okay. Joe, I'm going to ask you to cover it...
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Okay.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: ...and see if you can explain it better than I did.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah, yeah. No, no, no, you explained it well. I think that the proposal suggested that we took the 2011 to 2014 savings and that added up to $185 million on a Sempra-wide basis, roughly split between the two utilities, and that would be what they suggested should be reduced from rate base going forward. So, you can do the math and figure out what that would mean to a revenue requirement. Again, we don't believe that's going to be sustained. The memorandum account really dealt with 2015 and they treated that separately, they're trying to get around retroactive rate making, as Debbie suggested. So, the sum of the two numbers that she gave you, and they were in my remarks as well, totaled $80 million on a pre-tax basis through September, less than $50 million after-tax. That would be a 2015 impact, that wouldn't go to rate base, it would just be a direct impact, that they were requesting. This is what they requested as a way to get around the retroactive rate making. We don't think they will be able to sustain it. But that's the way it would work. So, the rate base is only that $92 million and $93 million.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Let me further say, though, who the "they" is, because what I want to stress is that we don't have a proposed decision that does this.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Right.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: The "they" is TURN, one of the interveners in the case and this is their proposal in the case. And so we have not yet received a proposed decision and we will make a very strong case that the record was closed, officially closed by the ALJ before we even filed with the IRS to make these changes. So, I just want to be sure that the facts are really clear on this.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: No, absolutely, and I apologies for having – there were a few numbers running around that I wanted to make sure I understood them.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: No. It was a good question. I am glad you clarified.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And then with respect to the master limited partnership vehicle and what have you, it seems to me that people – the Street and what have you sort of wanted you guys to move faster on this a while ago, and I don't know, you guys didn't, and the situation has changed and you guys are looking at what the opportunities might be on a sustained basis. I am just sort of wondering, I mean strategically when you see something like what's happened in the markets and what have you, whether or not it makes the bar higher or you think more about how you might want to unwind something, if it ends up that – I mean because obviously these are not really short-term financing plans. These are supposed to be vehicles that last for a period of time. And I am just wondering when you have something that we just recently experienced, what does that make you think about – I mean, in terms of – does it make the bar higher? I mean, what do you guys think about it, I guess, is what I am asking? I mean, sort of a little bit more elaboration in terms of obviously if it doesn't make sense, you're not going to do it, but not only that, if it "does make sense" for a period of time, does – what would give you – do need more confidence in terms of that or just how do you think about that, do you follow what I'm saying?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. I'll start a little bit and then I'm going to ask Mark to add to that. I think that one of the things that became apparent was that there is some limited liquidity in that market. And that the effects were great when people needed to change portfolios and clear out of that market, and that creates a sense of discomfort for us, because that's not what we see in the Sempra stock. And so what we want to be able to see is that there is the ability to have – and that you can differentiate, and I think you still do see that in the market. You can differentiate quality from things that are not quality, and quality continues to trade well even if that whole market segment is not trading as well. Because I mean that's always been what we've been after is if we're going to do this, it's going to be all about quality, and that if we can't get the value for that quality, then it doesn't make sense for us to go forward. So, Mark, do you want to add?
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I guess my only add to that would be – I think when we looked at this, in the beginning I think we had some skepticism and then as we watched these things progress over the last few years, it was clear to us that there was a cost of capital advantage to these entities and that was worth taking advantage of and we had ideal assets, and we still do have ideal assets for that kind of vehicle that was valuing cash flows at very high multiples or very low yields. But I think to your point, Paul, and it's a very good one, which is does this disruption in the market give us some pause to think that this was more – something like a passing fad. And I think at the end of the day, I think there's a high probability that these long, sustainable cash flows will continue to garner a yield that makes the capital look really – that makes the cost of the capital look really attractive. But I do think that we have to kind of make sure that we're in a market that supports that for the long haul and that there's enough liquidity in that market that, as Debbie said, the ones that have – that truly aren't tainted by underlying commodity prices can shine, and can still garner that low cost. And that's got to be proven and whether that can happen in the next six months or a year, we don't know. But I think we're going to keep our options open and look at it and take advantage of it, if it makes sense. And if it doesn't, we're perfectly okay to keep – to do the course that we are on, which is just as a C corp and I think we can be very competitive with cost of capital and we've got a great business here. So the good news is our underlying assets and business are super – are just really sound and we don't have to avail ourselves of any one particular mechanism to raise capital. We have lots of opportunities for that and we can meet our capital needs without any real problem.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah.
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Let me just add on one more thing and Mark just alluded to it. But you guys may or may not have seen this, in the last several months including last week, we got a affirmation of our credit ratings and S&P just moved us to a stronger business risk profile from strong to excellent. We've a very strong business and we can finance our growth and this was an opportunity to maybe do something that was really cheap and good. And so to everything Mark and Debbie said, I just want to add that, we have a very strong credit ratings and we can finance our growth, we will need it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Great. I appreciate it. Thanks so much.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: We'll now go to Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: A quick follow-up question. Can you just go through in a little more detail what your net exposure is to currency with Mexico offsetting the exposure in Chile and Peru. And then sort of a secondary question on that is in the places where you're dollar denominated, I know that functionally inflates you, but if we continue to have a strong dollar, doesn't that put pressure on the regulatory construct and how do we think about risk in that framework?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Joe, do you want to take that or Trevor?
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: Yeah, I will speak first and then I'll let Trevor go through all the numbers of the net exposure and so forth. But as you know, we have a natural hedge here because we have when the dollar strengthens on all three of the currencies, in Chile and Peru, we have a reduction of our growth because of the translation of the two currencies in South America to the dollar by offsetting that is the fact that we do have dollar functional currency in Mexico because fundamentally most of the businesses are in dollars. So we pay our taxes in pesos and we have some other adjustments in the income tax expense as a function of their income tax rules that impact us in the opposite direction when all three currencies decline. And so that's what we've seen over time. So I'll let Trevor walk through what the numbers were for the quarter...
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Sure, Greg
Joseph A. Householder - Sempra Energy: ...and year-to-date.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Yeah. So for the quarter, we had a total decline in earnings from translation of the earnings of about $6 million for the quarter between Chile and Peru and that is more than offset by a $17 million pickup in Mexico and as Joe said that, that's primarily from the revaluation of the taxes. So the net benefit in the quarter was $11 million. And then year-to-date, it's not much different, it's about $14 million of a benefit year-to-date and that was driven by $13 million of the P&L hurt that we took in the translation of the earnings from Chile and Peru offset by $27 million net of NCI for Mexico, giving us a net benefit year-to-date of $14 million.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: And, Greg, let me just add to that. In South America, you're on point and say, we do get adjustments in our tariff primarily from inflation, but also FX too. But what we have seen in South America this year, it's a little bit unusual. We've seen currency devaluation without underlying inflation in those countries. So, we're not getting the inflation adjustments for our tariff. So, it's really not putting as much rate pressure on as you might expect. I'm not sure that's a good thing. I mean, we'd like to get the adjustment, but we're just not seeing high inflation in those countries. What we're seeing is just strengthening of the dollar and is probably more has to do with more U.S. policy and the strength of the dollar worldwide than it has to do with really underlying weakness in those economies.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay, so – sorry, go ahead.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Go ahead, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I was going to say you move into next year and you update your five-year plan to the extent that currencies have moved dramatically, that would be reflected in your update on expected earnings from those jurisdictions, right?
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Yes.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Yeah. Yeah, what we'll do and why we don't give you numbers until February, as we look out the forwards at that time for currency and natural gas prices, and we adjust our plans for those things as well as the additional growth that we've had in our businesses, outcomes like the GRC and all. So that's why we wait to give you our 2016 forecast in February and then at the Analyst Meeting in March, we'll give you additional information for the next five years.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: But in your opening comments, you didn't seem like you're too concerned that this one factor would knock you off the aspirations that you currently have?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, we wouldn't – based upon what we see in currencies now, we wouldn't see that and then gas prices are so low now, they've already been reflected to a great degree, and this is just pro forma. So, I guess they can always go lower, you can never say they won't go lower, but we have pretty low gas prices now. So...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you. Have a good afternoon.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Sempra Energy: Thanks, Greg.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now take a question from Feliks Kerman with Visium Asset Management.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Ashar Khan (81:30). How are you guys doing and great results? One thing...
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Unknown Speaker: ...which I picked up on the remarks is that we have a settlement with the commission that we might get a fourth year of the rate case with an attrition mechanism if I heard that correctly. Could you just go over that I might have heard it wrongly?
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Sure. No, you heard it correctly that with the ORA, the Office of Ratepayer Advocates, we have a settlement for fourth year that would give us a 4.3% attrition for that fourth year and that will be looked at by the commission separate from our other settlements. So we have a settlement with eight parties for the three years and then we have a settlement with one party for the fourth year, that party being the Office of Ratepayer Advocates.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you so much and great results.
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Mark A. Snell - Sempra Energy: Thank you.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. Ms. Reed, I would like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks
Debra L. Reed - Sempra Energy: Well, thank you all for your great questions. You kept us really busy this morning and we appreciate that. And if you have any follow-up, please contact our Investor Relations team and have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-04 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Vaccari - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark Snell - President Joe Householder - Chief Financial Officer Martha Wyrsch - General Counsel Trevor Mihalik - Chief Accounting Officer Dennis Arriola - Chief Executive Officer of SoCalGas Steve Davis - President of SDG&E Octávio Simões - President of Sempra LNG
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Michael Dandurand - Goldman Sachs Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Faisel Khan - Citigroup Mark Barnett - Morningstar Financial Research
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy Second Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead.
Richard Vaccari: Good morning, and welcome to Sempra Energy's second quarter 2015 financial presentation. A live webcast to this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today are several members of our management team: Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Chief Financial Officer; Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel; Trevor Mihalik, Chief Accounting Officer; Dennis Arriola, Chief Executive Officer of SoCalGas; Steve Davis, President of SDG&E; and Octávio Simões, President of Sempra LNG. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our second quarter 2015 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, August 4, 2015, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide four, and let me hand the call over to Mark.
Mark Snell: Thanks, Rick. To start off, I want to mention that Debbie is not joining us today. She had a medical issue with her left eye that required attention and treatment this morning. She apologizes for not being able to make the call, but we all realized health issues come first. I'll be filling in for her today. And so now, we'll get on with the call. Our financial performance for the second quarter was very strong. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter adjusted earnings of $260 million or $1.03 per share. As you may recall, these figures include the impact from applying seasonality to the SoCalGas revenues in 2015. While this change does not affect full-year earnings for SoCalGas that results in almost all of their earnings being reported in the first quarter and fourth quarter of the year. Specifically, the impact from seasonality was $48 million of lower earnings this quarter, and $65 million of higher earnings year-to-date. Given our solid financial results in both the first quarter and second quarter, we are on track to achieve our 2015 adjusted earning guidance. Today, I'd also like to emphasize that just six months into the first year of our current five-year plan, we have already secured by new projects that are additional to the base plan we presented at the March Analyst Conference. At U.S. gas and power, we have added two new solar projects at our Mesquite facility in Arizona, this adds to the Black Oak Getty wind project we announced last quarter. In Mexico, IEnova was awarded another CFE pipeline project in July. And last week, IEnova agreed to purchase PEMEX's 50% equity interest in IEnova-PEMEX joint venture. In addition, we're working on the steps needed to advance our potential LNG projects, which could extend growth beyond 2019. And our California utilities have made headway on the GRC and rate reform initiatives. We are all really pleased, with our progress, and will discuss our development projects in more detail as we proceed. First, let me begin with a regulatory and operational update, including a discussion of our progress in achieving our base plan. Please turn to slide five. Our California utilities are making steady progress on their general rate case applications. Since our last call, we have completed evidentiary hearings, and are well situated to receive a timely decision. Briefs are due in August and September with the draft decision scheduled for year end. After participating in the hearing process, we believe our recommendations make a compelling case in support of the state’s priorities around safety and reliability. Please turn to slide six. Turning to one of FDG&Es highest priorities, the CPUC approved a final decision on rate reform in July. The decision implements electric rates that are more fair and sustainable. We provide a summary in the appendix, but key outcomes of the decision include, a reduction in the number of tiers, from four down to two, and annual reduction and rate differentials between the lowest and highest tiers, minimum monthly bills and a process to study and implement time of use rates. The decision directs all the state’s electric utilities to implement initial changes, no later than November 1, 2015. Yesterday, net energy metering tariff proposals were also filed by all parties. Once approved the tariffs will determine how customers with new distributed energy resources will pay for utility services they received. FDG&E's suggested tariffs would apply to all new net energy metering customers by 2017. Though we expect a final decision by year-end, it could extend into the next year. Let's now go to slide seven for an update on base plant projects and our other businesses. We're really executing well on our five-year plan. Since our last earnings call, two more projects are in service. In Mexico, the 155 megawatt ESJ wind project reached commercial operations in June and in the U.S. 1.2 Bcf per day of east-to-west capacity on the REX pipeline, was placed into service over this last weekend. In addition, we closed the sale of the remaining block of the Mesquite power plant in the second quarter. We received $347 million in net cash proceeds and recorded a $36 million after tax gain on the sale. As discussed last quarter, this gain is not included in our 2015 adjusted earning guidance. Please turn to slide eight for update on our development opportunities. We're pleased to announce that we have secured several development opportunities this quarter that are additional to our base plan. In Mexico, IEnova was awarded a new CFE pipeline project in July. The project represents an investment of about $110 million and is expected to be in operations in the first half of 2017. CFE has announced two more pipelines will be awarded in August and September, one of which interconnects with the pipeline we just won. Five more pipelines are scheduled to be awarded later this year. You can refer to the table in the appendix for details. In addition, on Friday, we announced the IEnova has agreed to purchase PEMEX's 50% equity interest in their shared joint venture. The transaction is expected to close later this year. As noted in our recent press release, IEnova agreed to purchase the business for approximately $1.3 billion subject to certain terms and conditions. IEnova and PEMEX will also maintain a 50/50 JV for the continued joint development of the Los Ramones Norte pipeline and other future infrastructure projects. As a result of the transaction, IEnova will own 100% of six purchased assets, five of which are currently in operation. The assets are covered by long-term dollar-based contracts. The acquisition is expected to be about $0.05 accretive to Sempra Energy's earnings in 2016 growing to about $0.10 per share by 2019. IEnova expects to finance the purchase with a combination of equity and debt. The acquisition provides several important benefits and ongoing relationship with PEMEX for future development projects, opportunities for asset optimization and expansion into areas such as the transportation and storage of refined products, and a larger platform of presence in Mexico to participate in the energy sector reform. Moving to U.S. Gas & Power. We are pleased to announce contracts on two new renewable projects that are Mesquite Solar facility in Arizona. Mesquite Solar 2 will be a 100-megawatt project secured by a 20-year PPA. Mesquite Solar 3 will be a 150-megawatt project secured by a 25-year PPA, both PPAs are with creditworthy counterparties and we expect the projects to be in service by the end of 2016. And finally, I will note that we are working diligently to prepare our S-1 filing for Sempra Partners. Securities laws, however, prohibit us from discussing the matter further. Let's now go to slide nine for a discussion of our LNG development process. LNG development continues to be a terrific long-term growth opportunity with very large potential for upside for Sempra. While the development process takes time and can vary between projects, we are making solid progress on all three of our liquefaction initiatives. Since LNG development continues to be a hot topic for investors, we provided this slide to illustrate the process needed to advance the project to FID or final investment decision. Cameron Expansion is the project that is furthest along, so we use that project as an example. But before walking you through the slide, I want to reiterate a couple of key themes. First, while projections for global LNG demand are lower than a few years ago, industry forecast continue to show large un-contracted demand post 2019. These forecasts already include competing sources of supply such as the restart of some of Japan's nuclear fleet, more coal and renewable development in Asia, growing pipeline imports into customer markets and indigenous shale gas sales. Second, U.S. Gulf LNG projects are regarded as the most competitive source of global supply, both in cost and in flexibility. And third, we are receiving strong interest in our projects from large buyers of LNG for delivery in the 2019 and beyond timeframes. Now moving to the graphic on this slide, we have illustrated key work streams related to project cost and design permitting, marketing and financing. You'll notice that each category is interrelated. EPC project cost estimates and lenders' consents are needed in order to finalize customer contracts, agreements with customers on tariffs and service dates and quantities are needed to finalize financing commitments. In financing terms, the regulatory approvals are needed to make the final investment decision. Completion of each of these work streams is what enables us to take a project to achieve FID. For Cameron expansion, we're targeting FID in late 2016. Our Cameron joint venture is currently permitting trains four and five, but the project could begin with one or two trains depending on total market interest. Cameron expansion is well positioned as one of the lowest cost sources of global LNG supply. This is due to the economies of scale and adding more trains to an existing facility, the opportunity to benefit from continuous construction at the site, a simpler permitting process, an access to low-cost of capital and of course in expense of North American Gas. Moving to other LNG development projects, we continue to actively develop the Port Arthur project and have submitted the initial filings at both DOE and FERC. Market interest in this project remains strong as it offers different off take and ownership opportunities from those available at Cameron. In June, we also announced an MOU with Woodside Petroleum to work on the feasibility of developing the project together. For ECA we are working with the Mexican government in the development of all the regulations and conditions needed to support liquefaction and export of LNG from Mexico. We have completed a large - we have completed a number of studies on technical feasibility and market interest for this sole west coast Brownfield site. Together with PEMEX, we continue to advance the development work and are now sharing costs. Now with that let's turn to slide 10, for a discussion of the quarterly earnings. Joe?
Joe Householder: Thank you, Mark. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter earnings of $295 million or $1.17 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported second quarter earnings of $260 million or $1.03 per share. Second quarter earnings in 2014 were $269 million or $1.08 per share. Adjusted earnings this quarter exclude two items first we recorded a $36 million after-tax gain on the sale of the remaining block of the Mesquite Power Plant. Second as I noted last quarter, we are adjusting earnings for expenses relating to the development of our pre-proposed LNG liquefaction projects. While our cash expenditures have been consistent with cost for the LNG development activities, we've undertaken thus far we have recorded $1 million of after-tax expense in the second quarter of 2015. This number reflects the fact that certain costs are being capitalized and certain other costs are being shared with our Cameron joint venture partners and PEMEX. I also wanted to note that compared with the same period of last year, second quarter earnings now reflect the impact of seasonality in SoCalGas revenues. As Mark mentioned earlier, this impact resulted in $48 million of lower earnings this quarter and $65 million of higher earnings year-to-date. Looking to the third quarter please be aware that we could report a loss for SoCalGas due to seasonality. You can refer to the appendix for additional detail where we illustrate 2014 SoCalGas earnings at seasonality and revenues been applied. As the appendix shows third quarter 2014 earnings would have reflected a loss in the third quarter. So there was no impact on a full year basis. Overall, we are on track to achieving our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance given the strong financial performance we've had year-to-date. Finally, before proceeding, I want to mention that we expect to report a one-time non-cash gain next quarter, we will step up our investment to fair value related to IEnova's purchase of PEMEX's interest in their joint venture. The size of the gain has not yet been determined and is not included in our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance. Please turn to slide 11. Individual financial results for each of our businesses could be found in this section of our presentation entitled business unit earnings. I'll address here the key drivers for our consolidated earnings this quarter. Sempra International recorded $19 million of higher earnings primarily from the Los Ramones I pipeline and a section of the Sonora pipeline in Mexico that are now in service. SoCalGas recorded a $13 million retroactive benefit for 2012 to the first quarter of 2015 from higher rate base. Approval of this benefit by the PUC was contingent upon receiving a favorable Private Letter Ruling from the IRS which we received in April. SoCalGas also had $10 million of higher operational earnings from higher CPUC margins net of operating expenses and higher AFUDC equity earnings. Offsetting these positive factors were two items, the $48 million seasonality impact that lowered SoCalGas's 2015 earnings and $11 million of lower net investment earnings at the parent on assets in support of our retirement obligations. Now let's conclude with slide 12. Overall, our financial and operating results for the second quarter continued to be very strong and consistent with our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance of $4.60 per share to $5 per share. Excluding the impact of seasonality in SoCalGas's revenues, our second quarter adjusted earnings increased significantly compared to the same period last year driven largely by increased operating results at both Sempra International and SoCalGas. Across the company, we have made excellent progress on our base plan and continue to capture additional development opportunities. As we look forward to the remainder of the year we are working diligently to capture more development opportunities that can provide upside to our base plan in the near term. In addition, we'll continue to work toward advancing our LNG projects that could extend this growth beyond 2019. With that, we'll conclude our prepared comments and stop to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good afternoon.
Joe Householder: Hi, Mike.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: It's Julien here.
Joe Householder: Hey Julien, how are you?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, not too bad. Thank you. I suppose first question here out of the gates, obviously the IEnova is a pleasant development but curious, you're providing a bridge loan but ultimately how are you thinking about your ownership stake in IEnova pro forma for the latest deal, but probably more strategically, how are you thinking about that down the line as you think about the 80%-ish you're on today?
Mark Snell: Well, I'm going to let Joe handle that question in detail, but let me just say off the bat that we are expecting to finance this at the IEnova level and even if we don't participate in this thing and I'll let Joe explain what we're thinking there but even if we didn't, it would still be accretive to us but Joe why don't you give some more details on that.
Joe Householder: Yeah. Thanks, Mark and hi Julien. Yeah, this is very important and we're studying the issue. We really like this deal and so we would like to participate in the deal. We are looking at, what the market is going to be like over the next couple of months. We've got a lot of confidence from the banks we've worked with on this transaction. And I think our current view is, we will participate in the equity offering. We know that a number of our IEnova investors want to have more liquidity. So, we've said all along that if we have a large project this would enable us to go back out to the equity markets. And so we're going to have an equity offering I believe, we will participate. What I'm currently thinking is, we have a dividend coming later this week from IEnova. It will come to our Mexican Holding company. And I think, we'll use that cash plus some other cash to participate in the offering. We haven't decided the firm amount yet, we want to see how the shares are doing and how the market is, but we definitely will participate, and as Mark said, this is going to be accretive either way.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Excellent. Turning to the LNG story. Curious, you mentioned on the slides here for instance one trains or two trains at Cameron. I suppose, as it relates to the project, what's your confidence level, as it relates to one trains or two trains? And, then secondly, in terms of conversations, are you still expecting that you passively acknowledge to the Street one way or another perhaps by 4Q or 1Q next year a decision. I mean, I know, you indicate FID by second half of 2016, but just wanted to be very clear about your communication intentions?
Mark Snell: Well, with respect to trains four and trains five, we have this partnership that owns a facility, we own 50% and our partners own the other 50%. Currently through trains one, trains two, trains three our partners have all of the capacity. With respect to trains four and trains five, we have a right, Sempra has the right to 50% of that capacity, we're highly confident that we're going to be able to market that capacity and we're actively doing that now. And therefore we know that at least one of the trains will go, whether our partners decide to market that extra capacity or not is entirely up to them and we don't control that, but - Octávio, if you would like to comment on any of that that maybe fill in.
Octávio Simões: Sure. I think Mark covered the big topics and that is that the ownership has decided to go forward with the expansion. We have 50% of that expansion capacity roughly 4 million tons, the remaining partners have 4 million tons as well. What they're doing with their capacity, it depends whether they want to put it in the market, if it fits in their portfolio or not, we are actively pursuing it, we're encouraged by all the things we are finding in our current negotiations. And so at the end of the day, I think the slide reflects that we'll go back and say, okay, Sempra is taking on the 4 million tons that we are allotted to, if our partners say no that means that probably then one just one train will be built since there was agreement by everybody, if they market their capacity then we would have the two trains. We are permitting both trains from both the FERC and DOE.
Mark Snell: I'd add on Mark. Just to be clear, so everybody is clear on the call. The fourth train would be owned by the joint venture, so it'd be 50-50 ownership. But Octávio was right, we would have the capacity.
Octávio Simões: That's right, Joe.
Mark Snell: Okay.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just to be extra clear about this, I apologize. So this would be - you would obviously still need to go and remarket your respective ownership, but I supposed at this point in time you're indicating that you intend at least move forward on train 4, is that an incremental?
Mark Snell: Yeah, what we would - I mean obviously we would not move forward if we haven't sold the capacity forward, but we're in the process of that marketing effort right now and we're pretty confident that we'll get that done.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Thank you. I'll let it be.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra: Hi. Good afternoon.
Mark Snell: Hi, Neel.
Neel Mitra: A question on the PEMEX acquisition. Now that you have a larger stake in Mexico, especially with the pipes, are you seeing additional synergies or lateral opportunities from owning a larger stake in Mexico?
Mark Snell: Yes, I mean, in fact we're seeing two things. One, on the cost side, with us acquiring a 100% of the pipes that we're in the JV. We believe we can integrate those with the other pipes that we own and we'll definitely get some synergies out of that that would be in addition to the earnings accretion that we've so far forecasted. So we think if there is additional upside just in the operational synergies that we can achieve. But then secondly, all of the pipeline infrastructure that we're building now, we've to this point, only marketed it to the original customer that ask for it to be built mainly CFE or PEMEX. But these are open access pipes and we are announced - into market extra capacity to other users and we've just actually started working on that and we're seeing some success and getting that. So we do think there is additional upside to come from marketing additional capacity either that exist currently or that we can create through compression and we are pretty excited about that. We think that there is a growth opportunity there.
Neel Mitra: And what would be the timeline for recognizing some of the possible lateral projects? When can we first hear about it?
Joe Householder: Well, I guess, you'll first hear about it when they are announced, but for the most part, I think we're working on some of these right now and some will be probably completed before year-end.
Neel Mitra: Okay. Great. And Joe you had two good quarters. Can you say where you are within the guidance range at this point? Are you at the high end or are you in the middle? Can you comment on that?
Joe Householder: We are not going to narrow the range or talk about where we are in the guidance. You can see the year-to-date results are really strong, you can't double those because SoCalGas is $65 million ahead on the seasonality. So that will come back and then we have a few items that are in the earnings year-to-date that won't repeat. So we feel really good about where we are, but we're not going to narrow it at this point.
Neel Mitra: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Yeah, hi. I've got a few questions. First, on the two new solar projects. Can you give us any sense of the earnings benefit to those?
Mark Snell: We are not disclosing the benefits precisely, but they're 100 megawatts and 150 megawatts projects and there are consistent returns with what we've had in the past.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then secondly just on the MLP, which I know you can't talk about. Can you just remind when we did - when you did your base plan, my recollection is that you did not kind of assume the MLP in your financing plan.
Mark Snell: That's correct.
Steven Fleishman: At your Analyst Day.
Mark Snell: That's correct.
Steven Fleishman: Is that correct?
Mark Snell: That's correct.
Joe Householder: Yeah.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And just is there any way to give any color on kind of how to think about that strategy just given current market conditions?
Joe Householder: The thing is we just cannot comment on the MLP at all. I just - I apologize, but that just the way the rules are and so we really can't talk about it. We'll talk about that when we do the marketing for the MLP.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And I get that. And then finally just back that you know of the $0.05 to $0.10 of accretion on the different years, that's whether you take stock or not, are related to this deal, that range is still pretty good either way, sort of the equation.
Mark Snell: Yes. I'll let Joe.
Joe Householder: Yes. It's pretty close. I mean we've evaluated this as we've been working on this deal for a few months and actually whether we borrow money or whether we issue equity, it hardly has any impact and so the only thing that moves jut slightly is whether we participate but again it's going to be accretive either way, but I think we will - you will see us participate to some degree.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then one question on Cameron 4 and Cameron 5. So you can control of 4 million tons of one train. You're only going to go forward with yours if you sign long-term contracts, I assume.
Joe Householder: Correct.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. The partners have this other 4 million tons, can you - is there any way that if you kind of see the market that you could kind of take that over as well if you wanted to or is it really in their hands what to do with that?
Joe Householder: It's really in their hands. I mean I suppose something could be worked out but we have other projects too that we're developing and are part of our portfolio. So we have to evaluate it in relation to those just as they will.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. But it sounds like your conviction on moving forward what you control seems quite high.
Joe Householder: I think you could say that it is very high, yes.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Hey, guys. Steve just asked my question, so I'm good. Thanks.
Mark Snell: Okay. Thanks, Greg.
Joe Householder: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: And we will go next to Michael Dandurand with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Dandurand: Hi, guys. Good afternoon.
Mark Snell: Hi, Michael.
Joe Householder: Hi.
Michael Dandurand: Just to - and first of all thank -appreciate the additional color on LNG, and with particular to Cameron. I just have a follow-up there as it relates to the Port Arthur. Can you just talk a little bit about what we should be looking forward there and how things are going with Woodside now involved?
Mark Snell: Well, I'll start and then I'll let Octávio comment on this as well, but we have an MOU with Woodside to look at the feasibility of the project. We're progressing on it. We've had lots of meetings. We're starting some of the technical analysis and starting some of the marketing of the trains. It's an excellent site. It looks like it's very promising as moving forward and I would say their commitment to it is very strong. And Octávio, do you want to give any other color on that?
Octávio Simões: I think you've covered the process. I would just add part of the attractiveness of Port Arthur is that it appeals to customers that may want to have equity as part of their supply strategy. It allows us and Woodside to look at options to really make Port Arthur a very low cost supplier in the LNG market, which for us is key for the success of any project out of the U.S. exports of LNG. So it's - plus this is going extremely well. There is a lot of similar objectives between us Woodside, and you're likely to see some announcements as that relationship grows and as the project continues to go forward.
Joe Householder: Yeah. And I would just add to that. I think it's important just to keep in mind that our projects, both in the Gulf and ECO as well, we are positioning them as at the very low end of the cost curve for LNG worldwide. And so we think they will be very competitive, but that doesn't - we have other Gulf Coast facilities that obviously compete with that. But in general, our facilities and the others in the Gulf region in particular, are some of the lowest cost providers of LNG that out there. And therefore they're very likely to get lifted over time.
Octávio Simões: Mike, if I may just add. One of the key elements for any buyer of LNG in the world is the reliability and the creditability of the developer. And so, we think Sempra is very well positioned with our track record, clearly Woodside is very well positioned given their track record. And so that in itself is an advantage because we'll be offering technology that's conventional that the buyers are used, that's reliable and with all kinds of the guarantees that they expect from a project of this size.
Michael Dandurand: Got it. It's very helpful. So, in less of an emphasis on the spot market, if I'm hearing that correctly?
Mark Snell: Yes.
Michael Dandurand: Got it. And then just as far as, we've seen a bit of a deterioration in the midstream arena, and I appreciate that you can't discuss the MLP directly. But just as far as the broader landscape for midstream assets out there. Are you seeing anything more attractive just from an M&A standpoint.
Mark Snell: Well, obviously we do see some attractive M&A opportunities. We just executed on one last week. So we think that - we think that we did a very good deal last weekend and we're really happy with it. So obviously with the way the landscape has been, it could be that M&A opportunities become more viable. But it's still - there still a pretty good cost advantage to developing your own projects as opposed to train to buy them in the marketplace. We see that both - we see that both in the midstream area and also in the renewables area as well, to the extent that we continue to develop our own backlog of projects, that's a much more profitable avenue for us and we're fortunate to have a pretty good backlog of projects to work on. So I think we're very well positioned for growth and growth at the lower end of the cost curve as opposed to somebody that's trying to it through acquisition.
Michael Dandurand: Got it. Very helpful. I mean the only other one I have is just on Mexico with the recent project win there. Does that help your upcoming bid with the project in August here, I'm going to put you this name, the Samalayuca.
Joe Householder: Yeah, it does. We believe the project that we just won is kind of a large header system, which will benefit us and being able to control the costs on the next project bid that's coming up. And so I don't want to go into all the details of why that is. But we do think it gives us a little bit of an advantage and we're hoping to see some success there.
Michael Dandurand: Okay. Got it. Thanks for the time. I appreciate it.
Joe Householder: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matt Tucker: Hey, guys. Congrats on nice quarter and on the IEnova transaction. I just wanted to ask about that. PEMEX and IEnova highlighted the remaining JV as a platform for future product development. Just talk about little bit the opportunities you see going forward with PEMEX. And also is this model - something you could see PEMEX wanting to repeat i.e. develop and construct their project in a JV and then sell their interest?
Mark Snell: Yeah, look, I think it's a healthy development for us in the sense that PEMEX is recognizing this transaction. They repeatedly refer to it as a monetization as opposed to a sale, because they see this opportunity to build these projects that they need to have done and then once they're built, they can monetize them through a sale to us and then start on the next project and we see that or obviously we think that that's a very exciting opportunity for us. And we were very happy that they wanted to stay into this partnership arrangement with the pipeline that's currently under construction and then the considered new projects in that. So I think we do think - we are looking at this as a source of future projects. We think it's a good model for us, it's worked well in the past. And I think the thing that that PEMEX appreciates is that they have now worked with us on these projects over the years. They've had good results, we've built good projects, they've come in pretty much on time and on budget and I think they see us as a really good partner that they can count on to deliver for them. And so that's something that we - obviously we pride ourselves on and we think that is going to lead to more projects in the future.
Joe Householder: Mark, I'd add on to that. And, Matt, I think you guys don't always see this, but Mark and I sit on the IEnova board and so we were just down there last week and we were with Debbie and we met with PEMEX and other government agencies. And it's really important, we have a very interactive ongoing relationship with IEnova. And I just want to make sure you guys all understand that.
Matt Tucker: Okay, great. And just on the California facilities, the GRCs mentioned they're going well. Can you just update us on any kind of key or contentious issues that are emerging as the process goes on. And I believe at the Analyst Day when you came out your longer term guidance, you had assumed no rate increase resulting from the GRCs, any update on how you're thinking about that assumption?
Joe Householder: Yeah, I'm going to turn this over to Dennis to give you the details. So let me just make one quick point which is - at the analyst conference and in the plan, what we assumed with respect to the GRC was just normal attrition, but I think that was just a conservative assumption to - for the planning purposes, but I think Dennis can give you some more detail on that.
Dennis Arriola: Thanks, Mark. Hi, Matt. Yeah, as Mark said in his opening comments. Things are going well. We finished our evidentiary hearings two days ahead of schedule and we're happy with the overall pace of the filings. Our witnesses from both SoCalGas and SDG&E did a great job of explaining the overall merits and details of both of our filings. And we're really optimistic that we're going to receive constructive decisions for both companies. We can't obviously disclose anything related to any settlement discussions if we're in them. But what we can tell you, is given the strong show in that we had in our evidentiary hearings and the fact that, our filings are consistent with the priorities of the PUC which are around safety, reliability and customer service. We feel really good about potential constructive discussions with intervening parties. As it pertains to the plan that Mark talked about, you're right, what we just assumed was that, our existing attrition rates of 2.75% for both SoCalGas and SDG&E, would continue from a planning perspective but obviously we've asked for more that supports our filings. And, so far, the ORA in their reply have come back and said that, they would be looking for 3.5% attrition increases in 2017 and 2018 or both SoCalGas and SDG&E. So, having said all that, we feel really good about where we're at this point.
Matt Tucker: Great.
Mark Snell: Steven, do you have any comment on that?
Steve Davis: No, I really have nothing more to add. But, again as Dennis pointed out, we concluded our regulatory hearings and we feel very confident in the outcome of those hearings and we look forward to construct a dialogue with parties going forward.
Matt Tucker: All right. Thanks. And, then just one on the LNG side, I thought it was great that you can have the visibility to target the FID on the Cameron expansion. Any sense you can gives us for - do you have targets yet for FIDs on ECA or Port Arthur or can you give us a sense for maybe how far behind they are right now?
Mark Snell: I'll let [ph] Trevor address that.
Trevor Mihalik: Sure. Port Arthur we're probably looking at something in the late 2017, late 2018 timeframe for FID. It does take - it does require a different permitting process, it's environmental impact same as opposed to environmental assessment which takes longer. And obviously we don't have the benefit or the luxury of just a continuation of the existing EPC contract and contractor at Cameron. So that will process with a limitation to bid and what not, will take longer. So late 2017, 2018 timeframe is what we're thinking about Port Arthur. For Costa Azul as we're putting all the key elements in place from regulatory standpoint and from a commercial standpoint that might be a little later than that or at the same timeframe frankly on that one, I'm not confident enough at this point to make a prognostic as to the FID timeframe. One of the things with respect to ECA is a lot of the regulations are still being developed. So we're not really sure exactly how to go about that process. I mean we've been working with the Mexican government on developing the regulations for LNG exports. So we're still - so to give you a firm date would be really quite difficult, but it is probably more in the Port Arthur timeframe than it is in the trains four and five timeframe.
Matt Tucker: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks again.
Trevor Mihalik: Okay.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Mark Snell: Hey, Faisel.
Faisel Khan: Hey, good afternoon. Just on the PEMEX, the accretion you guys discussed in your slide from $0.05 to $0.10. So, I guess all I've got so far in that JV is in terms of projects that you're working on are expanding with a JV is the ethane pipeline. So what else is going to sort of drive that joint venture from $0.05 to $0.10? I'm assuming loss from [indiscernible]. That's still in the JV and the same ownership presenters so that doesn't change anything that's going on there. Well, I will let Joe address the EPS numbers.
Joe Householder: Hey, Faisel. So, most of it is the ethane project coming online but then in addition to that Mark talked a little bit about some of the synergies that we see and in an addition all the cash flow from the business would be accumulating and paying down debt or being available to provide some earnings and that's what's really driving the few cents additional as we go through the time period, but the bulk of it is ethane.
Faisel Khan: Okay. That's a pretty big uptick in earnings just from the ethane project. What's the stats of these lines in the JV, are they running at full capacity or are they - is there a room to grow that having to spend much capital?
Joe Householder: Yeah, actually as I mentioned earlier there's two things that we really didn't put into the EPS guidance, one was the efficiencies that we think we can get from running a whole system together, that's one. And then the two, there is either additional capacity in the lines or capacity that could be added relatively and expensively with compression and we're in the process of marketing some of that capacity to other users. So, other LDCs, power plants and those kinds of things and so we do think that there is upside there. We haven't put that - we haven't calculated that into our EPS estimates of accretion, but there is certainly other things that we think we can get.
Faisel Khan: Okay, got it. Makes sense. And then just on Port Arthur so the sort of relationship here are talking about with the Woodside Petroleum. So, I guess what's the timeline in terms of when you guys decide whether you're going to go forward with the joint venture and I guess therefore market the asset together or what are you guys thinking about it right now. What is the...
Joe Householder: Well, we're actually starting - we are marketing the asset right now, but I'll let Trevor give a little more detail.
Trevor Mihalik: Yeah. Let me be clear, on the marketing side of the asset clearly, we would not have engaged and pursued if we didn't find the interest so it's expert oriented. As we look through what the project now will be structured, then if it is with [indiscernible] side which obviously we hope and are confident it will be, then we together will have to develop the marketing strategy for the asset. So, that's on the marketing side. As far as, what we expect to see going forward, it's really going to be a continuation of the same process. We're looking at the feasibility. We're looking at the economics. There are hurdles that we will have to go through to make sure we go to the next stage. Are we confident we can put together a project that's low cost as it has to be? Are we confident that we can do all of the regulatory permits in all of the local issues we have to deal with? So, those things will be a hurdle that, we will be overcoming. We're confident we can, but it's tough to give you a timeframe at this point it's very specific. I think, you will see some developments between now and at the end of the year, but I wouldn't want to commit at this point as to what those developments are.
Mark Snell: And, finally you may have missed it on the question before, but we did discuss that we're talking about FID with that project with Port Arthur sort of late 2017 all the way into late 2018 sort of that time - probably in the 2018 timeframe.
Faisel Khan: Okay, understood. Then just on the Cameron expansion just in terms of lowering the cost of the - or providing a sort of lower cost and expansion from the economies of scale. Where do you guys think, that is right now? Especially since you've seen steel cost come down and we've seen, I mean, what - like on a percentage basis like versus what you guys have outlined for this one versus what you're thinking about the expansion, is there any color you can provide on that? Thanks.
Mark Snell: Well, there is a color I could but won't. Look right now, we think we have a very competitive project. We think our costs are some of the lowest in the region. We're marketing that to our advantage and I really don't want to give any more details in that.
Faisel Khan: Okay. Got it. Fair enough. Thanks for the time. I appreciate it. Okay.
Operator: And we will go next to Mark Barnett with Morningstar Financial Research.
Mark Barnett: Hey, good morning/good afternoon, everyone.
Mark Snell: Hey, Mark.
Mark Barnett: Hey, you've talked a lot about the PEMEX assets and the PEMEX deal, and some of your pipeline projects and upside today. I'm just wondering given what's taken place over the past few months, six months and what not, how are you looking at the attractiveness of the generation sector in Mexico.
Mark Snell: Well, the generation clearly has been under stress in the U.S. Prices have been relatively low, but in Mexico there are going to be generation opportunities. On the renewable side, I think they will be quite good, they'll be - and obviously we're well positioned to do that and ESJ can be expanded pretty easily. But on the gas power generation side, and especially with respect to combined cycle plants, there will be opportunities to build those under contracts with CFE, but they haven't really been let that out that much in any kind of volume of [indiscernible] one and what we're - we're going to have to kind of wait and see - to see how that market develops. I think what they're doing in Mexico is actually really pretty smart, which is they're building out the gas network first. They're developing a very active gas market one that both CFE and the private sector will participate in to a great degree, and once if that, they have a robust gas market and a good supply network, then I think you'll start to see them let out the opportunities to build more power plants. But I think they definitely are staging at a little bit, and I think rightly so.
Mark Barnett: Yeah, it's definitely been a slow process. I just wonder given that you're positioned already to be a fairly large operator of the gas infrastructure, does that give you some kind of a look into where you are competitive position would be, when those kind of biz do you start to show up?
Mark Snell: Absolutely, I mean I think we are going to be very well positioned to take advantage of those, and I think - we have every intention of doing that. It's just that they have to meet our criteria for having long-term contracts and being solid investments which we expect them to be. But given our infrastructure and our knowledge of the gas pipeline network in Mexico, I think that we will be well positioned to take advantage of those offerings.
Mark Barnett: All right. Thanks.
Mark Snell: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the call back to Mark Snell for closing remarks.
Mark Snell: Well, thanks again for joining us today. If you have any follow up questions, please feel free to contact the IR team, and have a great day.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you again for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-05 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Vice President-Investor Relations Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mark Alan Snell - President Dennis V. Arriola - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Southern California Gas Co. Jeffrey Walker Martin - Chief Executive Officer & Director, San Diego Gas & Electric Co. Trevor I. Mihalik - Chief Accounting Officer, SVP & Controller
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Andrew Levi - Avon Capital Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Michael Dandurand - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy First Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's first quarter 2015 financial results. A live webcast for this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Chief Financial Officer; Martha Wyrsch, General Counsel; Trevor Mihalik, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Dennis Arriola, Chief Executive Officer of Southern California Gas Company; and Jeff Martin, Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric Company. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our first quarter 2015 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, May 5, 2015, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide four, and let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Rick. I'd like to start this morning by thanking all of you who were able to join us for our March Analyst Conference in New York City. I appreciate all of the useful feedback we received. At that meeting, we outlined our five-year plan and how we think about our growth and opportunities looking forward. The key themes of the conference were: we have a five-year base plan that is built on conservative assumptions and provides a high degree of visibility to our earnings projections. Our base plan is expected to yield approximately 11% compound annual earnings growth from 2015 to 2019, and we have already identified $7 billion to $8 billion worth of growth opportunities that could provide upside to our base plan. In addition to those opportunities, we are working to advance our three potential LNG development projects that could provide earnings post-2019. For those unable to attend the event, you can find all of this information in the Analyst Conference Presentation on our website. And for today, you will see that we are already making progress executing on our strategy. Moving to our financial performance. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter adjusted earnings of $428 million or $1.71 per share. When comparing earnings on a quarterly basis, please keep in mind the impact from applying seasonality to SoCalGas earnings beginning in 2015. Dennis discussed this item at the Analyst Conference and showed that substantially all of SoCalGas' annual earnings will now be reported in the first and fourth quarters of the year. Though seasonality will not affect full-year 2015 earnings, it resulted in $113 million of increased earnings in the first quarter, relative to the same period last year. Absent this impact, we still had a very strong start to the year. And our financial results kept us on track to achieve our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance. Our California Utilities provided outstanding operating performance and across the company, we have made progress on our base plan projects and development opportunities. For today's call, I will begin with a brief regulatory and operational update before I hand the call over to Joe to discuss our first quarter earnings in more detail. Joe will also take a moment to clarify elements of the TRV discussion we had at the Analyst Conference. Hopefully, this will help further address some of your questions. Please turn to slide five. A key priority for our California Utilities this year, is to achieve a successful regulatory outcome for the general rate case. Since our last earnings call, the GRC was reassigned to President Picker, and the schedule for public hearings was established. The schedule calls for the issuance of a draft decision by year-end. On April 2, the Office of Ratepayer Advocates, ORA, submitted their report on our GRC requests. ORA recommended that our requested 2016 revenue requirement, be reduced by approximately 9% for SDG&E and 7.5% for SoCalGas. ORA also recommended that both utilities receive inflation increases for 2017 and 2018 of at least 3.5%. As we explained at our Analyst Conference, our GRC requests were pretty modest and take into account good cost management. ORA's report is focused on issues they have raised in the past, and their suggested reductions are not as large as prior recommendations for California investor-owned utilities, likely due to the prudent requests we made. After evaluating ORA's report, we will file rebuttal testimony and commence settlement discussions. Now, please turn to slide six. In April, we also received a proposed decision or PD on long-term rate reform. The PD entails comprehensive reforms to residential rates intended to make them more fair, transparent and reflective of actual cost-of-service. The PD includes a reduction in the number of tiers from four to three this year and down to two tiers next year. Rate differentials between the tiers would gradually be reduced from 2015 through 2019. To ensure all customers contribute some amount to cover utility fixed infrastructure costs, the PD includes a $10 monthly minimum bill provision. It also allows for consideration of a customer fixed charge as part of a 2018 utility filing on proposed time-of-use rates. The PD calls for implementation to begin in July of this year with more significant changes beginning in 2016. While we see the direction of the PD as favorable, we will file comments encouraging the CPUC to go further, faster. Let's now go to slide seven for a business update. Regarding our base plan activities, I am pleased to announce that the binding open season for expansion on the REX pipeline has concluded, and we now have a 0.7 Bcf per day of capacity contracted for 15 years. The expansion will be achieved primarily through compression, with an estimated total cost of about $530 million at the partnership level. We expect the project to be in service by year-end 2016 and to provide us with about $10 million of annual earnings that are already included in our base plan. Shifting to our Renewables business, Copper Mountain Solar 2 and 3 are now both fully in service, bringing our total renewable operating portfolio to about 970 megawatts. Regarding development opportunities not in our base plan, we recently acquired the 78-megawatt Black Oak Getty wind project in Minnesota. The wind farm has a 20-year power purchase agreement with the Minnesota Municipal Power Agency and we expect the project to be in operation by year-end 2016. In Mexico, we will participate in the next round of CFE pipeline bids. Currently, the CFE has three pipelines, with bids due in May through July that represent total estimated CapEx of around $1.3 billion. The CFE has announced two other projects with bids expected this year that represent another $1 billion of investment. We discussed at the Analyst Conference our continued interest in these opportunities, our competitive advantages and the potential for adding capacity commitments from industrial buyers. For your reference, we provide updated information on CFE bids in the appendix to this presentation. As a final note, I am pleased to announce that we completed the sale of the remaining block of the Mesquite Power Plant in April. In the second quarter, we will record an approximate $34 million after-tax gain on the sale, subject to working capital adjustments. As we have discussed previously, this gain was not included in our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance. Sempra will receive approximately $350 million in proceeds, which we will use to pay down short-term debt. With that, please turn to slide eight for a discussion of the quarterly earnings. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter earnings of $437 million or $1.74 per share. First quarter adjusted earnings were $428 million or $1.71 per share. Adjusted earnings exclude two items. First, we recorded a benefit of $13 million after-tax from a reduction to the loss on the SONGS plant closure. The reduction reflects the CPUC's approval in March 2015 of SDG&E's revenue requirement associated with the SONGS settlement. Second, as we have previously noted, we will be adjusting earnings for expenses related to the development of our three proposed LNG liquefaction projects. In the first quarter of 2015, we recorded $4 million of after-tax expense. Debbie mentioned at the start of this call that compared with 2014, first quarter earnings now reflect the impact of seasonality in SoCalGas' revenues. This change alone increased earnings by $113 million relative to the first quarter of last year. The application of seasonality in revenues for SoCalGas will result in substantially all of their earnings being recorded in the first and fourth quarters. But it will not affect the full-year earnings result. We discussed this change at the Analyst Conference, and provide an updated illustration in the appendix that shows how seasonality would have impacted quarterly earnings in 2014, using our effective tax rate. Excluding this impact, operating earnings at SoCalGas still increased relative to the first quarter of last year. Combined with strong operating performance at SDG&E and solid results in our other businesses, we had a very strong first quarter and they're on track to achieve our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance. Please turn to slide nine. Individual financial results for each of our businesses can be found in the section of our presentation entitled, Business Unit Earnings. I'll address here the key drivers for our consolidated earnings this quarter. In addition to the seasonality impact, first quarter adjusted earnings increased over the same period last year due in large part to $30 million of higher earnings at the California Utilities that reflect higher CPUC and FERC margins, net of operating expenses. In addition, Sempra International recorded $11 million of higher earnings, primarily from growth in sales in Peru and earnings from the Los Ramones I pipeline and a section of the Sonora pipeline that were placed into service in Mexico. In the first quarter of 2014, our Renewables business included $16 million of earnings from the sale of a 50% equity interest in the Copper Mountain Solar 3 project. Now, before we go to questions, I would like to take a moment to revisit the preferred structure for a possible TRV that we discussed at our Analyst Conference. A couple of questions were raised after the conference and I want to ensure there is clarity regarding the structure we discussed. For your reference, we list these points in the appendix. Our preferred TRV structure would be a publicly-traded partnership with a corporate subsidiary. The partnership would directly house assets with MLP qualifying income, while the corporate subsidiary would house assets with non-MLP qualifying income and pay dividends to the partnership. Dividends are qualifying income for the partnership under the tax rules. This structure has been used by other MLPs and provides a tax shield for both the MLP qualifying and non-qualifying income due to the step-up in tax basis. Creating a long-term tax yield at the corporate subsidiary, would likely not require use of any renewable tax credits. And if we were to establish a TRV, Sempra's share of any partnership income, would be taxed at Sempra's marginal tax rate. The partnership could be eligible for inclusion in an MLP index and investors would receive a K-1 versus a 1099. In the event that we decide to proceed, we anticipate issuing a press release, that would generally disclose the assets we intend to put into the TRV, the purpose and timing of the offering, and the basic terms of the securities. As you have seen with other entities that have issued a similar press release, SEC rules would prohibit us from speaking further about the matter beyond what would be in that press release. Now, let's conclude with slide 10. Overall, our financial and operating results for the quarter were very strong and support our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance of $4.60 per share to $5 per share. Excluding the impact of seasonality and SoCalGas' revenues, our first quarter adjusted earnings increased significantly compared to the same period last year, driven largely by increased operating earnings at the California Utilities. Across the company, we made progress in executing on projects within our base plan and furthered efforts to capture additional development opportunities. With that, we'll conclude our prepared comments and stop to take any questions that you may have.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. So quick clarifying question on the TRV, if you will. And we're probably in store for a few more after this. But at the publicly-traded level, this isn't an MLP, and it is more of a comp in the context of a YieldCo than it is an MLP, correct? And vis-à-vis the taxation – the tax benefit is more in the step-up akin to a YieldCo than it is an MLP, if I could be very clear about that.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I'm going to ask Joe to kind of walk through this to the extent we can and how we've done some modeling of how this might all work, so.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Julien. How are you doing? Thanks for the question. Actually, this is more akin to an MLP than it is to a YieldCo. So in the appendix, I've republished the slide that we had at the Analyst Conference, and on that slide 23 in the new deck, that publicly-traded partnership in the medium blue color, that is akin to an MLP. So we would be the GP and have LP units, and the public partners would be like MLP partners in a publicly-traded partnership. That publicly-traded partnership would hold our midstream assets, our LNG assets, other assets that would qualify under those rules. And then it would also own this corporate subsidiary and the corporate subsidiary would hold assets such as our renewable assets. And then those would be shielded by tax benefits and would produce dividends that would be qualifying for the MLP. So the characterization of the tax benefits will be more akin to an MLP and the public partners, each time they buy in, would get a step-up to their price.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Julien, is that clear?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Yes. Well, if I can follow-up just for a quick second.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: The parent here, the actually publicly-traded element, that would be more of a – it would be more of an MLP but it wouldn't benefit from the MLP tax benefits coming up from the qualifying income?
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. Yes, it would. It absolutely...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: It would. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It will be essentially an MLP, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And is there any limitations then on the qualifying dividends from the corporate subsidiary? Just to be clear.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. Those dividends are qualifying dividends and then the MLP qualifying income, the LNG income or other midstream income is just like any other MLP.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Moving on, just in terms of California and looking at the SONGS situation, your peers to the north discussed or released several e-mails of late, et cetera, do you have any intentions or plans to file anything comparable related to the settlement process on your side or any other comment you might want to add vis-à-vis the latest development?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Julien, no. And we have not had any data requests. We've had no subpoenas, nothing of that nature that we've looked at all the documents that our fellow utilities to the north have filed and we don't see anything in those documents that concern us at all. So as far as we're concerned, that issue is not relevant to SDG&E at this time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for being so clear.
Operator: We'll go next to Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Hi. Thanks. Looking at the first quarter numbers, if we were to just try to adjust for the seasonality issue, would it be fair to sort of, if we took the $113 million out of the quarter, assuming that you were earning it over the course of the rest of the year, and just looked at that earnings number, that would be a good – would that be a reasonable comp to last year? Because it looks, you would have been sort of $1.41 without the seasonality, which was still sort of a few pennies above the consensus. Is that a fair way to look at it or not?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's a fair way to look at it. And if you look at it, year-over-year, doing it that way and then adjusting for SONGS and LNG, which we say we take out of our adjusted earnings target, and adjusting for those in both years, certainly SONGS in both years. You end with a more than 17% year-over-year growth rate in earnings. So we feel it looks like a really strong quarter, and it was driven by outstanding performance by our two California Utilities and our international operations. And so we just felt – if I look at our history, in fact I had them pulled the numbers today, it was the strongest first quarter we've ever had. And one of the strongest quarters Sempra has ever had in its entire history. So we just are feeling really good about the results that came out first quarter.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. Follow-up question. Is there anything you can tell us with regard to commercial milestones that we can look for, and then in the coming months, the several different LNG export projects that you're working on, whether it's Costa Azul, the Greenfield at Port Arthur or the incremental two trains at Cameron.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. What I'm going to do is I'm going to ask Mark to answer this. But, I would tell you that, Mark and I've even been at meetings with potential partners or counterparties on this. So there is a lot of activity going on and there is a lot of interest in the marketplace still. And so Mark, why don't you talk about it and especially in light of our competitive position.
Mark Alan Snell - President: Look. I think there is a lot of little milestones that you're going to see regulatory filings and the like that are going to be proceeding as we go forward, but I think the most important things to take away are – is that in the environment that we're operating in now, I think people lose sight of the fact that we still have an increasing demand for LNG worldwide, and we have continued interest in these facilities. And I think the biggest, the most important thing is, is that especially, the facilities in the Gulf, both our Cameron facility and the potential Port Arthur facility are, as we showed you at the Analyst Conference, should be the lowest cost providers of LNG around the world. And so I think there is still strong interest in that. We've met with several interested counterparties and potential customers and we're working on those. We're working on agreements to move these projects forward, and we don't have anything to announce yet, but we feel pretty good about our prospects.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would like to add to that...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thank you very much.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would just add to that. As a reminder, none of that is in our five-year base plan. So all of that would be any of the expansions at Cameron or the Port Arthur opportunities or ECA opportunities have not been factored into the base plan we showed you at the Analyst Meeting and would give us upside beyond that timeframe of the plant.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Got you. Thanks again.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Hi. Good afternoon or good morning to you, guys. Just two very quick questions. Just on the – on Greg's question just when he was going over the quarter and how that was kind of comparing to your plan and then using the $1.41 as you state. Would it be fair to say just kind of looking at what we have for the second, third and fourth quarters that you're at this point because of the stronger first quarter, again I understand it's early in the year, but trending towards the high end of your guidance range?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we never give guidance within our ranges. So I would say that clearly the first quarter was very strong and that it was driven by operating performance. So it was not driven by a lot of one-time issues. There were a few one-time things, but it was really just very strong operating performance by our businesses. So I'll let you determine where you think we would be within the range. We're keeping our range constant for now. We'll look at it at the end of second quarter. And if we decide to make adjustments, that would be kind of the timeframe when we would typically do that.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Great. Thank you. And then just again on the TRV, I don't know if this is a question you could ask, but when we kind of look at what that marginal rate could potentially be, is there any type of a range you can give on that, whether it's a 35% statutory rate or whether it could end up being different by the time you get out and get this transaction done.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Andy, I'm going to have Joe respond to that the best we can.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Andy. So let me talk to that in two ways because I think there has been some question about what that meant. And what I wrote on the slide was that our share of partnership income would be taxed at the marginal rate. And income, I don't want it to be confused with distributions, because often sometimes investors think of the distributions and they compare a tax rate to what other MLPs, existing MLPs might be paying on their distribution, so please divorce those two. Whatever our share of cash flow is from the business is different from what our taxable income is. Just like today, in our Renewable business, for example, we have a lots of great cash flow from those businesses, but not much taxable income, so we don't pay much tax because it's shielded by depreciation. So all of these assets will have depreciation. I can't obviously forecast it at this point because we don't have all that information out there yet. And so you'll have information at the right time if we move forward and give you a prospectus, so – but I want you to be sure that you're clear that distributions are different from income.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Great. Thank you very much.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Andy.
Operator: We'll go next to Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. How are you doing? Just wanted to ask...
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi. We're good.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: It's only been about five weeks since the Analyst Conference, but you talked about having to work through a lot of complications with different partnerships on assets that you could potentially contribute to the TRV. So curious if you can provide an update on how that work is going, and if you're any more or less optimistic that those things can be worked through?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'm going to have Joe talk about that. I would say one of the key issues we talked about at the Analyst Conference that we are still waiting for is the IRS Private Letter Ruling. And we have had discussions with IRS, and it looks like it will be forthcoming at some time in the reasonable future. And that was one of the issues that we talked about at the conference. But I'm going to have Joe talk about how we're working through all of the other issues we presented.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks. Hi, Matt. Yeah, we laid out for you all the assets that we had, the ones we wholly-owned: the Cameron, the Renewables. And we laid out very clearly for you what we were working on. And as Debbie just mentioned, on the U.S. LNG marketing, we're awaiting for the Private Letter Ruling. We've been talking with the IRS. I would say at this point, it's a little bit of wordsmithing going on and I still feel very confident about that. We've actually finished doing our structuring around the ECO liquefaction opportunity there. And we've made really good progress with some of our counterparties on the Renewables. So we're just in the process of papering some of that stuff up. So we are actually making good progress on these things as we said we would, and we're working hard on it every day.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And then kind of in the same vein, I think, I wanted to ask about this wind project acquisition and I know you haven't baked any more acquisitions like this into your plan. But should we expect you are continuing to look for more opportunities like this? And if so, are you seeing many attractive opportunities or is this just kind of a one-off?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are seeing a lot of opportunities and that was the reason we tried to present this to you in the Analyst Meeting with what's in the base plan so you kind of watch us and see us as we capture some of these. And then we're trying to do our slides in a way so that you can really see when we capture some of the upside that could affect during the five-year period and then when we capture upside that could go beyond the five-year period. And so this is the first; a month after the conference we had one to announce. We're working on a number of other things right now that can add growth to the plan. And we talked about at the Analyst Conference, we'd already identified over $7 billion to $8 billion of opportunities that could occur during the five years of the plan that we're working. And every day we're working on those, so I think over time you will continue to see some positive announcements. We just had a leadership meeting and I will tell you, our team is committed to continuing to do development work and to get some projects concluded. And we have a lot of things in the pipe. I was on a pharma company board for a while and they always talked about the pipeline as being critical to the long-term success of that business. And I will tell you, we have a really, really strong pipeline.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And just one last one on the upcoming bid in Mexico at the CFC. Looks like the timing maybe moved out a month or two on some of those, is that just kind of a typical delays you see, or is there anything else there that we should be aware of?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's a typical delay that we've seen that in pretty much all of the bids that they've come out with. And usually when they get to the point that they are now, where they've actually posted the date, then they generally hold pretty close to that. But some of the early projections that we gave when they listed all of the, almost 20 pipelines on and told us when the bids were going to come out, some of those have slipped a few months. And that's just been typical.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks, again.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark Barnett with Morningstar Equity Research.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research: Hey. Good morning for you over there.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi. How are you?
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research: Hi. Not badly. I just wanted to ask a quick question. Thanks for all the detail on the TRV. That's very, very helpful. I did want to ask another question though on the Mexican bids here. Obviously it's a lot of capital here. I'm wondering how you've won some bids on your own. If you have still any interests in partnering with other larger multinationals, or how you see that kind of dynamics in the market for bids here, or whether you prefer to go it alone as with just Sempra?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Generally, we've looked at what we need to be competitive and we feel like we just have some natural competitive advantages ourselves. We always look at could a partner bring us more competitive advantages, and so we're open to that. But for us to be able to do these and we look at where we are now in Mexico and the ability that we have to increase our leverage there and to really do a lot more big projects, we haven't felt the need to partner with anyone. And we feel that, if you look at all the pipelines in Mexico and the percentage of them that we own and the work that we've done there, we've really felt like we do have some strong competitive advantages in getting rights of way, having the supplier base that we worked with time and time again and then having the employees that about 600 employees in Mexico that work on these things all the time. So unless we saw someone bringing something to the table that we thought can make us more competitive, we think we're really well positioned.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Research: Thanks for that. That's all I have today.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. Most of my questions were answered, but I wanted to ask a little bit more about this incentive award you won at SoCalGas and in particular if there is any other incentive revenues that you're eligible for and how that would work?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. That was from the gas cost incentive mechanism, which we've had in place for 30 years or something. But I'm going to have Dennis talk about at SoCalGas the incentive mechanisms we have. And there's really two categories, the energy efficiency and the gas cost incentive mechanism. And then have Jeff give you the same information for SDG&E, which is really focused on the energy efficiency incentive. Dennis?
Dennis V. Arriola - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Southern California Gas Co.: Sure. Thanks, Debbie. Yeah. Neel, the way that it works is, as Debbie mentioned, there are two main categories. The gas cost incentive mechanism is set up to basically encourage us to try to buy gas on behalf of our core customers as inexpensively as we can. And if we can do better than a certain benchmark, then shareholders get to reap part of the benefits there. And in the prior year, which we just recorded here in the first quarter of 2015, it was a good year, given the volatility in the gas markets, and as a result, we were able to get approved $8 million of GCIM. The other award that we're waiting for that that we've already applied for is energy efficiency. And ordinarily, that comes in the fourth quarter, and that's probably going to be somewhere in the $2 million range on an after-tax basis. But those are the two main incentive categories that we have at SoCalGas.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Jeff, for SDG&E, please.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Chief Executive Officer & Director, San Diego Gas & Electric Co.: Thank you for the question, Neel. You'll recall that in 2014, SDG&E picked up roughly $7.5 million from energy efficiency awards. And a lot of this has to do with the timing of which calendar years get pulled through. But to Dennis' point, these are usually fourth quarter awards. And for SDG&E, in 2015, there'll be roughly – our expectation is roughly in the $3 million.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. And my second question, I just wanted to clarify. Last year, the gains from some of your asset sales were included in operational earnings. This year, the Mesquite sale and the gain associated with that in Q2, that won't be part of operations. Is that correct?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. In the first quarter of last year, we had a gain on CMS 4 of $16 million after-tax in Q1 of 2014. And in Q2, we will report a gain of roughly $34 million from Mesquite but that is not included in our guidance numbers. Yes.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I was just going to add on to that. Historically, for the last four years, five years, six years, we have included in our guidance as part of our ongoing Renewable business, gains from the renewable portfolio as we put them into partnerships, because that is part of our business. We develop these projects, and then we've had a strategy of putting them into partnerships. And so that's been kind of part of the ongoing business. Whereas the sale of the Mesquite gas-fired plant is same as what we did when we sold the first half of it and we also excluded that I think in that year. So it's a different thing. It's kind of a one-time sale versus ongoing part of our business.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just want to touch base with you on the LNG marketing. On the slide, it says there is $5 million decrease from that. And I was just wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit more what was going on there and what the outlook is.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mark? Yeah.
Mark Alan Snell - President: This on the LNG development costs?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: No. On the LNG marketing.
Mark Alan Snell - President: The decline, yeah. That's almost entirely – it's entirely related to gas price declines.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And...
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And the gas price went down to $3 versus $5 a year ago.
Mark Alan Snell - President: Yeah.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And so going forward, how do we think about that moving around? Is it going to be sort of the same range?
Mark Alan Snell - President: It will – yeah, Paul, it will move around a little bit with gas prices. But if gas prices go up, then we should recover some of that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then the Sundry items, it looked like there was an increase in the quarter by about $120 million. And I was wondering what was driving that? And also if it had any EPS impact?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I'm going to turn it to Joe and Trevor to...
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Paul, a large portion of that increase was greenhouse gas allowances. And there is an offset in other liabilities, things that SDG&E and SoCal collect through customers and owe it. And so it was mostly that. It wasn't the thing you were thinking about, which sometimes we have these gains in the Rabbi trust, and that drives it up. And there was a little bit of – about there, $9 million, I think.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Chief Accounting Officer, SVP & Controller: Yeah. We've separately broken out the Rabbi trust on the line above. So we've got that above it now. So Sundry doesn't have the Rabbi trust in it. This is just solely those items associated with really fixed price contracts and other derivatives in greenhouse gas allowances and in some other items, but the biggest driver was a $91 million movement in greenhouse gas allowances.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So it wasn't an income item.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll go next to Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Faisel.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Good afternoon. On SoCalGas just so I understand the seasonality here. Is the way to think about this is that the operating costs and D&A is going to be roughly straight-lined across the year, but that revenue and cost to goods is going to be sort of variable with the amount of gas being sold into the utility system?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'm going to have Dennis kind of walk you through this again. And I think it would be helpful if you kind of looked at what really happens with the seasonality adjustment. The important thing is that at the end of the year, everything should even out from historical years. It's just in between the periods of time and how this follows our cash flow and how it follows our balancing accounts and all of that. So I'll have Dennis kind of walk you through that to help everyone understand it a bit. Dennis?
Dennis V. Arriola - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Southern California Gas Co.: Yeah. Faisel, I think the two key takeaways as Debbie mentioned are: at the end of the year, there is no impact to earnings; and at the end of the year, there is no impact to cash flow. But if you look at based on your question, what's happening is we are now starting from a GAAP perspective recording the core margin revenues so that they reflect more the actual activity in our business. What's happened is, historically, if you looked at we've flatlined it 1/12 (40:09) every month across the – every month on an annual basis. Now we're – you can see that for the first quarter about 56% of our overall earnings are in the first quarter. And you'll see the vast majority of the earnings in the fourth quarter. What does end up happening is relative to GAAP, whatever expenses we have every quarter, will continue to be recorded in those quarters. So you're not going to see a huge change in our expenses on a quarter-to-quarter basis versus what we've had historically. But what you will see is the higher earnings in the first and fourth quarters which obviously – on the core margin which will lead to higher revenues. From a balancing account perspective, you will see some changes there but again, no changes to full-year earnings and no changes to cash flow.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And our expenses are recorded at actual for the quarter just to be clear.
Dennis V. Arriola - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Southern California Gas Co.: That's right.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We've always recorded our expenses at actual for the quarter, so those were never normalized.
Dennis V. Arriola - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Southern California Gas Co.: That's Right.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What was normalized was the revenue side of it. So this changes the revenue to really reflect how we're collecting it from customers.
Dennis V. Arriola - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Southern California Gas Co.: And it's consistent with what we've been doing for our non-core earnings and how we've actually been recording for SDG&E all along.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Got you.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Did that answer your question, Faisel? I just want to be sure because I...
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: (41:31).
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah, totally. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Thanks. And then next question on SDG&E, just with the introduction of the sort of battery technology or battery products from Tesla, yeah, how does this impact sort of the SDG&E utility? I mean, do you expect this to result to sort of more people wanting to get off the grid or just to kind of a broader sort of view on how you're looking at this technology and the impact to the utility?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Let me have Jeff address that because we have done so much work in this area. And in fact, SDG&E is kind of the leader in terms of having the most electric vehicles and all in the country. So I think it would be helpful to have Jeff address this.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Chief Executive Officer & Director, San Diego Gas & Electric Co.: Good morning, Faisel. Certainly, some of the announcements you've been seeing around batteries, and most recently in this last week, is there are interesting announcements. I think the key thing that I always like people to remember is that, a little bit over a year ago the state approved a procurement process for the California Utilities where we would procure just over 1.3 gigawatts of energy storage. You have to recall that's all targeted for grid level storage. That's in between the point of central station production through the transmission grid down to the substation in your respective service territories. That opportunity for SDG&E is about 165 megawatts. And when you think about energy storage, we think it will follow a similar path to other technologies like solar. So you think about all of the purchases of solar in Europe at the central station level, as manufacturing capacity expanded around the world, you saw more of that start making a migration toward the residential side. So I think you'll see central applications will be the first mover for batteries. But with respect to the residential, obviously there is a lot of hype around this, but I mean our perspective is a little bit different and it's because of the rate mechanism and how billing occurs in California. So if you are a rooftop solar customer in SDG&E's territory, as you produce electricity, it goes to offset your bundled rate in the month that it occurs. And if you have excess production in that month, it rolls forward to the next month. So in essence, the way the rate mechanism worked in California, you're getting free battery service every month. You're not paying for it, right? So at all times, whatever you produce is offsetting the bundled rate. And that's really the goal of any type of residential application, is to ensure that you can always use it for your bundled service rather than selling it back, at some type of marginal costs.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Jeffrey Walker Martin - Chief Executive Officer & Director, San Diego Gas & Electric Co.: So we think it's an exciting area. We think you'll see more on the residential side. But right now, the PUC's goal is to get to 1.3 gigawatts online by 2024. That gives you some timeline about how people are thinking about the central station side of it.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Understood. And then just on the Renewable side, the – I think I missed this, the Black Oak Getty wind project. How much did you guys pay for that asset?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't generally talk about how much we pay for assets but it was de minimis, because it's an early development project. We will have about, when it's fully built, approximately $145 million, $150 million of capital in it when it's fully built. But it's just in the early stage development. So we will be doing all the build-out and all.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And last question from me. Do you guys have any outlook on the storage environment, gas storage environment? Are you seeing any sort of recovery in the business? Are we still looking at sort of $0.02 a month in sort of storage pricing?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'll have Mark talk about that because there are some things that are looking up in that area. And so Mark, do you want to -?
Mark Alan Snell - President: Yeah. I would say that it's – I think we're seeing things that are slightly better than what you're talking about on a spot basis, and then on a term basis we're seeing much better rates. So that's all pretty positive. It's still a very low-priced environment for storage compared to what it was a few years ago, but I would say it's definitely kind of improving, albeit that it's been slow and a little bit sporadic. But it does definitely seem to be on an uptrend.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. Thanks for the color. Appreciate it.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Dandurand with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Dandurand - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, guys. Congrats on a great quarter and thanks for the question. Most of them have actually been answered, but one, I just wanted to follow-up on the gas storage actually and more related to LNG opportunities. So Mark, if you could just touch on what you're thinking about there as kind of the ramp-up in LNG facilities coming online in the Gulf Coast.
Mark Alan Snell - President: That's a great question. Obviously, we believe and others now are starting to see the opportunity for storage in the Gulf, but that is directly tied to LNG facilities. And the difference between this type of storage and say others would be that these storage facilities that will service these facilities will have a lot more compression so that their injection rates are a lot higher than a typical storage facility. And we are currently working with a couple customers right now on our Louisiana storage facility, and we hope to be able to talk about that more in the near-term. But it looks exciting; it looks like we may have something there to talk about later.
Michael Dandurand - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Great. So that near-term being within the next year or something like that?
Mark Alan Snell - President: Before year-end. Yeah, sometime in the fourth quarter.
Michael Dandurand - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay. That's all I have. Congrats, again.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Just to clarify on the tax rate on the TRV, so we still don't know exactly what the tax rate would be on distributions to Sempra. But in theory, it should be less than the marginal tax rate because it's got some kind of shield depreciation – shield?
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, sir.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So the short answer is, yes.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. And then secondly, Debbie, you mentioned after at some point soon, you'll commence settlement discussions in your rate case. Does that – any indication of just you may be feeling better about, chances of settling this case and maybe the last one or is it just more normal process?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think a couple of things, as we've talked before, our filings were pretty vanilla. And they really focused on safety issues and reliability issues and dollars needed for that at our utilities. And it wasn't about a lot of new programs or activities. So I think and then looking at the ORA report that came out, the issues that they raised on their report are issues – I've been here 37 years now, I've seen those issues for 37 years. So it's like nothing unusual in their report and so I think that that is a fertile ground for settlement when you have that type of – at least you're not talking about being having a lack of common interest. Clearly, the parties are interested in safety and investing in safety as a system. So we're hopeful that we could try to reach some settlement with some of the parties. We have not yet seen the other intervener testimony. That will be coming in sometime the middle of May.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Winfried Fruehauf with W. Fruehauf Consulting Limited (49:35).
Unknown Speaker: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. Other than the $113 million of seasonality adjustment, were there any other income items that relates to different periods, but were recorded in the first quarter of this year?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the $113 million is the seasonality. I wasn't clear if you said $113 million, but it's $113 million. And then the SONGS issue, which we took out in adjusted earnings, was really kind of a reconciliation of all of the settlement that was reached on SONGS and what the tax treatments and all ended up being on that. So that when we took out it in our adjusted earnings that we gave you. And I would ask Trevor or Joe if there is anything else that they would see in there.
Trevor I. Mihalik - Chief Accounting Officer, SVP & Controller: Yeah. The only other thing would be the item that Dennis had mentioned, was the GCIM, which was related to the prior year, but awarded in the current year.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And that's a...
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's a rolling...
Trevor I. Mihalik - Chief Accounting Officer, SVP & Controller: Yeah.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And that's a rolling thing.
Dennis V. Arriola - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Southern California Gas Co.: We ordinarily get a GCIM award. Last year, we got it in the third quarter, and this year, we got in the first. But it's...
Trevor I. Mihalik - Chief Accounting Officer, SVP & Controller: Right.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So we get it every year.
Dennis V. Arriola - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Southern California Gas Co.: Yeah.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So it's not a...
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's not a one-time.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's not a prior period.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And I did want to be clear on the $113 million. That is all this year's revenue. It has nothing to do with any other year. It just all happens to be coming in the first quarters and fourth quarters, for the most part.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah. Thanks. I understand. I have one other little question. What was for the quarter the foreign exchange impact given the strength of the U.S. dollar in that quarter versus foreign currencies?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Joe?
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Thanks. Almost nothing. We had some impact in Chile and Peru, but it was essentially just reducing the growth in the earnings in the two businesses. And maybe it was around $4 million, but it was completely offset by FX gains in Mexico, about $5 million. So the net impact of the whole business is negligible.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thanks very much.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Ashar Khan with Visium (51:46).
Unknown Speaker: My questions have been answered. Debbie, just on what you said that you expect the PLR in a reasonable period, I'm expecting it's – that would imply sometime during the summer.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry. I couldn't hear your question.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The PLR. Would we get it in the summer?
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's – I'm sorry, the?
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The Private Letter Ruling.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. The Private Letter Ruling. Yeah. It's all – can I tell you when IRS is going to do, something that's really hard. I would tell you that what I hear from our people is that there doesn't seem to be issues, and that it's not a matter that there is a problem. It's just the matter of them getting their work done and issuing the ruling, and so that's the best I can tell you.
Joseph A. Householder - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. We think it's in final stages.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to our final question from Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Hi. Just a quick follow-up. So just once you get the PLR and you get the other housekeeping issues done, whether it's with your JV partners or whatever else may it be, at that point, whenever that may be, that, I guess, sort of we'll hear from you. It doesn't need to be on a quarterly basis, I guess. It's kind of when you're ready to go...
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Let me just...
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: ...we'll hear from you.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Let me just – I mean, we will have to make a decision about moving forward when all of this work is done. And then when our board makes a decision as to whether we move forward, then the next step would be filing a press release. And then after the press release, there would be a period of time and then the S-1 filing would be made. And so that's what I think you can look for. It doesn't have to be an announcement on a quarter. It just needs to be when our board has made a decision as to whether or not we would move forward.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions in our queue, so I'll turn the call back over to Debbie Reed for any additional or closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you all for joining us today. Actually, you had a lot of great questions. And if you have more, which I'm sure you will, please don't hesitate to call our Investor Relations team, and thank you for joining us today.
Operator: That does conclude our conference today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-26 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Vice President of Investor Relations Debra L. Reed - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Joseph A. Householder - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark Alan Snell - President Dennis V. Arriola - Chief Executive Officer of Southern California Gas Company and President of Southern California Gas Company
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Weinstein - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Winfried Fruehauf Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Sempra Energy fourth quarter earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Financial and Operational Results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investor section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Martha Wyrsch, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Trevor Mihalik, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. We also have the heads of our 2 California utilities, Dennis Arriola, Chief Executive of Southern California Gas; and Jeff Martin, Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, February 26, 2015, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 3 and let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Rick, and thanks to all of you who are joining us. 2014 lays a strong foundation for our future growth. We have solid financial performance, achieved double-digit annual EPS growth and posted earnings exceeding our guidance. We also achieved important milestones on development projects and delivered strong operating results across all of our businesses. With the great progress made over the year, we are on track to be at the upper end of our expected 9% to 11% earnings per share growth rate for 2014 to 2019. As a reminder, we have our upcoming Analyst Conference on March 26, and we hope to see all of you in New York. At that time, we will update our 5-year earnings projections and discuss our plans to continue to deliver strong returns for our shareholders. For today's call, I am going to focus on a summary of our 2014 financial results and recent operational accomplishments that will help us to achieve our long-term growth plan. I will then hand the call over to Joe to explain the fourth quarter earnings, our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance range and our 2015 dividend increase. Please turn to Slide 4. This morning, we reported 2014 earnings of $4.63 per share. On an adjusted basis, 2014 earnings were $4.71 per share, representing 13% annual growth over 2013. We had strong operating performance across the company that contributed to this result. Several fourth quarter factors also drove earnings above our expectation from the last call where we stated that we expected to be near the upper end of our 2014 guidance range. The major factor was tax reform in Peru that was implemented on December 31. Peru lowered its corporate income tax rate, which reduced our deferred income tax liability and resulted in an $18 million benefit recorded in the fourth quarter. Additionally, the CPUC approved our energy efficiency awards for both utilities earlier than we had anticipated. Looking to 2015, we expect Sempra's adjusted earnings to be within the range of $4.60 per share to $5 per share, excluding 2 items Joe will discuss later. We also received Sempra Board approval to increase our annualized dividend to $2.80 per share, a 6% increase. If you look back over the last few years, our dividend has increased nearly 80% since 2010, and we continue to be committed to returning capital to our shareholders. Now let's turn to Slide 5 for an overview of key accomplishments at SoCalGas and SDG&E. Our California utilities are spending capital consistent with approved programs. The utilities have also received important regulatory decisions in 2014 that established the framework to guide investments in programs like the Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan, or PSEP. In November, the CPUC approved the SONGS multiparty settlement agreement that resolves the cost recovery issues on the plant closure. Also, both SDG&E and SoCalGas filed their 2016 General Rate Case applications with a proposed decision expected by the end of this year. In December, the CPUC approved a 1 year extension of the utilities cost of capital rates. The extension keeps the authorized returns on equity of 10.1% for SoCalGas and 10.3% for SDG&E intact through 2016. It also keeps in place an automatic adjustment mechanism should interest rates move beyond a predetermined band. Operationally, SoCalGas installed nearly 1.8 million advanced meters last year and is ahead of schedule on their program to install nearly 6 million advanced meters by the end of 2017. Both utilities are ahead of schedule in implementing their pipeline safety enhancement plans as well, having already tested or replaced over 30 miles of pipeline last year. Now let's move to U.S. Gas & Power on Slide 6. Key milestones reached last year on the Cameron Liquefaction project include reaching the final investment decision, or FID; forming the joint venture; and getting the project fully into construction. With permits, financing and the lump sum turnkey contract in place, we remain on track to complete all 3 trains in 2018. In December, the JV also filed with the Department of Energy for FTA authorization to export an additional 2.95 million tons of LNG per annum on trains 1 through 3. We expect to file for the non-FTA export permit this quarter. These higher volumes match the maximum design capacity of the plant approved by FERC, and permits would allow us to export additional LNG during periods when production levels exceed the 12 million tons per annum already approved. However, just to be clear, while this can provide upside, we do not expect the plant to produce at the maximum capacity on a routine basis and additional production is unlikely during startup and the first few years of operation. If higher volumes can be produced that Cameron's customers use for export, we could see earnings upside in the future of approximately $30 million for each 1 million tons produced. Work on our 3 major LNG development projects also continues to move forward. This week, the JV partner submitted the FERC prefiling and DOE FTA export application for Cameron trains 4 and 5. The filing would add a combined LNG capacity of approximately 9 million to 10 million tons per annum. We expect to submit the full FERC filing later this year, which will initiate the detailed environmental review process that should take approximately 12 to 18 months to complete. At Port Arthur and ECA, design, regulatory and commercial activities are ongoing. For Port Arthur, we are working to prepare our FERC prefiling. For ECA, we announced the signing of an MOU with PEMEX last week. The agreement signifies our intention to cooperate on the development of the export project and explore the possibility for PEMEX to participate as a customer, supplier and/or investor. For all 3 development projects, we have been meeting with a large number of potential customers and continue to see demand for LNG supplies in the 2020 to 2023 timeframe. We have also been on the road, speaking with many of you, about our competitive advantages in providing low-cost reliable LNG to the market. Our U.S. and Mexican LNG projects are very compelling, even in today's lower oil price environment. And Sempra is one of the few developers who have successfully contracted, permitted and financed a liquefaction facility in North America. We plan to provide an in-depth discussion on our development projects at our March Analyst Conference, and we'll have the President of our LNG business, Octávio Simões, there to answer your questions. Let's now go to Slide 7. For our Natural Gas segment, converting REX into a bidirectional pipeline was a positive long-term development last year. As you know, 1.8 Bcf per day of east-to-west capacity on REX is now under long-term contract. 1/3 of this capacity is in service, and the remaining capacity should be online mid-2015. In addition, the REX joint venture has made progress on finalizing precedent agreements with interested shippers for expansion of east to west capacity. The expansion would likely occur through additional compression and would be subject to regulatory approval. We are expecting any day to receive our FERC approval of the 1.2 Bcf per day of east-to-west capacity that is already contracted. Once that approval is received, we hope to provide additional details on the expansion project. Shifting to our renewables business. In the fourth quarter, we added our 75-megawatt Broken Bow 2 Wind Project to a joint venture with ConEd. With this transaction, we have successfully partnered with ConEd on over 700 megawatts of renewable power projects, including 7 different solar plants and the Broken Bow 2 Wind Farm. Please turn to Slide 8. In Mexico, IEnova has progressed on construction and is now generating earnings on sections of both the Sonora and Los Ramones pipelines placed in service in 2014. Together, these 2 pipelines will provide nearly 3 Bcf per day of import capacity to Mexico. IEnova was also awarded the first natural gas pipeline tendered by CFE as part of Mexico's 5-year national infrastructure plan. The associated CapEx is $300 million and the pipeline should be in service in the first half of 2017 under a 25-year, dollar-denominated take-or-pay contract. Since our last call, the CFE has put out tenders for an additional 4 pipelines in Mexico, representing an estimated $1.8 billion in investment. One of the bids is due next month and the other 3 bids are due in May. For your reference, we provide updated information on CFE bids in the appendix to this presentation. With that, let's move to a discussion of the quarterly earnings in more detail. Before I hand the call over to Joe, however, I want to comment on the status of our total return vehicle, or TRV, analysis. We have indicated that we expect to complete our analysis on a preferred TRV structure by the end of first quarter. We are continuing several different work streams in this respect. As you know, nearly all of our midstream and renewable assets are owned in partnerships and there are numerous accounting and legal aspects we must deal with for those assets. We will provide you with more information on our TRV preferred structure at the analyst conference. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Turning to Slide 9, our fourth quarter and full year 2014 results were very strong. This morning, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $297 million or $1.18 per share. We recorded an additional $12 million after-tax loss in the fourth quarter for the early closure of SONGS, making the total SONGS-related loss in 2014 equal to $21 million. Excluding this loss, fourth quarter adjusted earnings were $309 million or $1.23 per share. Full year 2014 earnings totaled $1,161,000,000 or $4.63 per share. This compares to 2013 earnings of $1,001,000,000 or $4.01 per share. On an adjusted basis, 2014 earnings per share were $4.71. Year-over-year, adjusted earnings per share grew 13%. Similar to last quarter's call, we provide individual financial results for each of our businesses in the section of our presentation entitled Business Unit Earnings. Today, I'm going to focus on the key drivers of our consolidated fourth quarter earnings, beginning on Slide 10. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings increased over the same period last year, due in part to $33 million of benefits in 2014, coming largely from 3 items. First, in December, the Peruvian Congress approved gradually lowering the corporate income tax rate from 30% in 2014 to 26% in 2019, and that was signed by the President on December 31. We recorded an $18 million income tax benefit in the fourth quarter as a result of the remeasurement of our deferred tax liabilities. Second, U.S. Gas & Power recorded an $8 million after-tax gain from the sale of a 50% equity interest in the Broken Bow 2 Wind Project. Third, SDG&E had $7 million of increased earnings from higher CPUC-based margin and FERC regulatory operations. Partially offsetting these items were $7 million of net benefits in 2013. SoCalGas had $20 million of lower income tax expense in 2013, primarily related to resolution of prior year's income tax items and higher flow-through deductions recorded in that year. Netted against this amount is $13 million of deferred income tax expense for Sempra Mexico in the fourth quarter of 2013 that related to Mexican tax reform. With regard to foreign currency-related effects, we did see a $16 million reduction in South American earnings over the course of 2014 due to the depreciation of local currencies against the dollar. However, this impact was almost entirely offset by foreign currency-related effects and inflation in Mexico, where depreciation of the local currency decreased our deferred tax-related balances and increased our earnings. Now please go to Slide 11. Turning to our guidance for 2015, we are setting our adjusted earnings guidance range at $4.60 per share to $5 per share. This range reflects a number of factors, including higher utility earnings, new revenue on the REX pipeline, a year end forecast for South American currencies and the fall of natural gas futures prices that may reduce our gas storage and marketing revenues. Our adjusted guidance range excludes 2 items. First, as we indicated last quarter, we are not including the expected gain on the sale of the second block of our Mesquite Power Plant. The estimated earnings impact for this sale ranges from $0.12 per diluted share to $0.15 per diluted share. Second, we expect to incur some development costs related to our 3 LNG projects, Cameron trains 4 and 5, ECA and Port Arthur. Advancing development projects to the full FERC filing could cost up to $25 million per project. However, at this point, we do not know the timing or the amount we will spend, the total cost we will share with our partners or the breakdown between the amount we may capitalize and the amount we may expense. We believe that excluding the development costs for these 3 projects gives better clarity into the ongoing results of our business since earnings from these efforts will likely only be realized in 2020 and beyond. We will be disciplined in our approach regarding development spending, and we'll periodically update you on our progress. Amounts expensed will be reflected in our GAAP numbers. We expect to have more updates on LNG projects at our Analyst Conference in New York on March 26. At that time, we will also provide updated 2015 guidance on a business unit level, as well as our long-term projected growth rate. With regard to the dividend, the Sempra board voted to increase our annualized dividend by 6% to $2.80 per share. Given our target payout ratio of 45% to 50%, this increase allows for a smoother path towards payout in 2019 when a full year of Cameron Liquefaction earnings is expected to begin. The increase in the dividend reflects the confidence we have in our long-term growth, and it's consistent with our commitment to grow the dividend. To reiterate Debbie's message at the beginning of this call, our underlying businesses are performing well. We are executing on our development projects, and we are on track to achieve results in the upper end of our expected 9% to 11% earnings per share growth rate for the period 2014 to 2019. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and stop to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take the first question today from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: A couple of questions. First one is when you look at the impact of FX for fiscal year '15 versus fiscal year '14 using the assumptions that you're making, year-over-year how much of a headwind is that?
Debra L. Reed: I'm going to have Joe address the FX issue. As you know, we have FX going one way in South America and FX going the opposite way in Mexico, because the Mexico FX is related to Mexican tax code. And since we have dollar-denominated contracts in Mexico, but we pay the tax in the peso, it kind of creates a natural hedge. But I'll have Joe talk about the 2014 to 2015.
Joseph A. Householder: Greg, thanks. It creates some modest reduction in our South America utility earnings because we're using the year-end forward curve for the year, and that creates some downward pressure. But we've seen in the last several years that the Mexican tax pretty much offsets it. But we don't -- we're not providing any details at that level. [indiscernible] it's 1 million -- it was $1 million this year.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Okay. So all things equal, you're not building in a big headwind from FX net-net?
Joseph A. Householder: No.
Debra L. Reed: No.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Okay. I just wanted to be sure.
Debra L. Reed: And let me just be clear that when we do that, we look at the forward curves and we look at what is -- what the market curves are and that's what we put in our plan. So we don't do numbers that are not consistent with what the market curves are.
Joseph A. Householder: And the natural hedge from this, as I said before, works really well when all 3 currencies kind of move in tandem at the same time, and that doesn't always happen, but that's what we've witnessed the last several years.
Operator: We'll now go to Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just a question with regard to the growth rate and going to kind of the upper end of the 9% to 11%. Is that on the basis that you gave at the Analyst Day last year, where you're only including Cameron for 2019? Or is that on kind of a more normal basis where you're including all the businesses for 2019?
Debra L. Reed: Okay. When we gave you the 9% to 11% last year, it was looking at the composite growth rate for Sempra as a whole, and it includes Cameron trains 1 through 3. And we're going to go through this in detail with an update at the Analyst Meeting. But as I said in my prepared remarks, with where we are now and some of the additional project opportunities we've already contracted, like pipelines in Mexico, the REX uplift and all, we feel that in the 2014 through 2019 period, we would be towards the upper end of that range. And we will go through how we get there. And I think you'll see at the Analyst Meeting that we have quite high visibility to the achievability of the upper end of that range. And then we also have quite high visibility of some additional upside that could either make that range higher or could extend that beyond 2019. And we'll talk about all of that in detail at the Analyst Meeting.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then my other question is just, I'm sure at the Analyst Day, you'll talk more about the LNG export environment for new contracts, but maybe if you can give us a little sense of the likelihood that -- when should we expect that you might have some kind of commitment to MOU for additional LNG export growth for Cameron 4 and 5 or others?
Debra L. Reed: Well, I think you should maybe use the process of 1 through 3 as an example of how it's most likely to roll out for 4 and 5. And you have to basically come up with a conceptual design of the facility to be able to kind of price out the facility. That's kind of what where we are right now with our FERC prefiling that we just made on trains 4 and 5 at Cameron and our DOE FTA filing. And then that's when you can really start your commercial activity because you have a project you can talk about that has some conceptual framework around it. So the active marketing really begins right around now, and we have had numerous contacts with customers. And on -- about all 3 of our projects, there remains a lot of interest, as I said in my remarks. And we'll talk about the groups of customers and their interest in each of the projects and what drives their interest in each of the projects in more detail at the Analyst Conference. Mark, did you want to add anything to that?
Mark Alan Snell: Yes, the only thing I would say is that we are talking actively with customers, but we need to do some of this preliminary work and engineering so that we can get a better ballpark on what the pricing and cost will be. It's very hard for them, obviously, to commit to something if they don't know what it's going to cost. We're highly confident that, especially with trains 4 and 5, that we'll be a low-cost provider and we think that will position us well for additional volumes. And then with -- at ECA too, as well, we believe we can be a relatively low-cost provider given both the existing facility and the transportation advantages that being on the West Coast has. So I think we're coming into the market with 2 projects at least that are -- that should be at the low-end of the cost scale of what people are looking at. And then we have a big opportunity at Port Arthur to build a kind of a big facility, and it could even be a multiuse facility. So I think we're pretty excited about the opportunities that we have in front of us, and we think as we progress during this year with the studies and the engineering work, the things that we need to do to get permitted, that we'll be in a good position to sign up people.
Operator: We'll now go to Chris Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the last question. If we look back to the 2012 process for trains 1 through 3, could you just walk us through kind of the ultimate offtake agreements there? I know there were just commercial development agreements at that time, but my understanding was the 3 counterparties were each signed up for 1/3 of the ultimate capacity and that they did not, at that time, know what they would do to sell that gas in any kind of firm way. So does that differ at all from this time around and where you are in the process now
Debra L. Reed: No. I think the process would be quite similar. I mean, we filed our FERC prefiling and our FTA at DOE, and then that helped define the project. And then a few months after that, we had the MOU, I think it was actually about 6 months after that, 5 months after that, we had the MOU with those parties. And we had the structure that's framed up for Cameron's trains 4 and 5, because it's very much like the structure of Cameron's trains 1 through 3. So Mark, do you want to just go in more detail?
Mark Alan Snell: Yes, to give a little -- to shed a little more light on that. So when we did the first 3 trains, we've started the FERC process and went through this, and we had agreements with partners that, subject to certain conditions, they would sign up for firm capacity. And so we're moving -- as we move through that process and as we got various permits, including our non-FTA, we got our fixed price construction contract and we got a handle on ultimate delivery, those we met some of the conditions precedent and then those commitments to take that capacity became legally binding at a point in time. It'll be similar to that here. The difference here is that we already have all of the operating agreements in place. We know how the facility is going to operate. We know how we're going to share costs. We have all of those kinds of agreements done. So a lot of the heavy lifting has been done, and it's really a matter of our partners marketing the extra capacity that they -- the extra LNG that they would produce, and ourselves, because on the expansion, we have the right to take 50% of the capacity subject to the same operating and arrangements that are in trains 1 through 3. And so our plan is to do that and for us to sell that capacity or LNG in the market, and we're working to commercialize that option. So it will -- it's very similar to the first one, but it is slightly different.
Debra L. Reed: The other thing that I would say different this time, is the first one it was Sempra doing this, and now it's the joint venture that is doing this. And so the decision that was just made to make these filings was the joint venture partners in addition to Sempra making the decision to move forward.
Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. That's very helpful. And then just to be clear, that point of kind of legal no return for the counterparties to commit after the different kind of domestic logistical hurdles were reached was the MOU, not the commercial development agreement?
Mark Alan Snell: Yes. Actually, the point of no return is typically the -- what we call FID, the Firm Investment Decision. So when we sign a contract to extend the construction to trains 4 and 5, when we commit the contracting dollars, at that time we'll be making a firm investment decision and we'll have all those commitments in place. That's usually quickly after that MOU kind of opportunity.
Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just to transition back to the expansion of trains 1 through 3, I guess you mentioned that with the FERC process you had known how potentially big it could be in terms of capacity. But then when you filed the DOE applications, you did not know that or you filed for a smaller amount. Was there kind of a political ramification to that where you wanted to be more conservative and not raise a red flag? Or did something change on the kind of engineering and design or end market side that made you want to expand it?
Debra L. Reed: No. This something that you're seeing with most of LNG facilities. When most of us filed at DOE, we filed based upon what you thought the actual average annual production was going to be. So at that point, we filed at 12 Mtpa. And then at FERC, they really wanted the nameplate capacity of the facility, which for us, for those 3 trains, was 14.95. And so we got the approval at FERC for the 14.95. We went back, and now, are reconciling the DOE permit to that. And you've seen that from several other of the parties that have already gotten their permit. In fact, I think Freeport just got there the other day for a reconciliation of the 2. So it's fully expected. Others have gotten it. It's not anything other than how the numbers were calculated.
Operator: Michael Weinstein with UBS is next.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Given the recent outcome in the CFE awards and considering that, along with the growing solar portfolio, just wondering how those 2 things impact your decision on TRV versus MLP? And how it might be coloring the decision one way or another?
Debra L. Reed: We're going to talk about our structural decision at our Analyst Conference, and we're going to go into all of those details at that time. I would just say that we're very much aware of our assets. We're very much aware of how those assets might fit into the structure. And what we're looking for, as we're looking at structures and the possibility of whether we go forward with this or not, is to -- what adds the greatest value to the Sempra shareholder and what structures would align best with our strategy? And so, we'll go through that at the analyst meeting so that you can have an understanding of how we're thinking about it, and I'd prefer not to say anything further today.
Operator: And we'll now go to Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just to follow up on the expansion in the capacity of Cameron trains 1 to 3, just wanted to clarify that you had not included that capacity in the earnings guidance you've given previously? And then secondly, how does that capacity work with respect to your existing contracts? Would that be -- does that fall under those contracts? Or would these be like spot cargoes? If you could just comment on that.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. First, let me say that, as I mentioned in my remarks, that these trains 1 through 3, the incremental capacity from those trains happens after the facility is up and operational and producing where you don't have as much shutdown, you don't have as much opportunity, I mean, for maintenance and things like that, and that you have greater production. And that would go beyond the 5 years in our plan. And so the numbers that we've given you, where we gave you $300 million to $350 million a year on average, that's what we would still anticipating in the early years of our plan. And then over time, we would be able to have some uplift potential, providing that we can manufacture from the plant more than the 12 Mtpa and that our customers are willing to take that and export that. And the terms of that have all been part of our original contract, how that gets calculated. And as I said that we just gave you a rough number of, if you added 1 Mtpa per year of export, that, that would be about $30 million upside to us when it would occur. It's not in our planned numbers, it's not part of the $300 million to $350 million, it's upside to that, but it would not be in our 5 year-plan period. So that's why I try to make it clear because we made these filings, they're public. We wanted to be fully transparent and ensure you understood exactly what we were doing.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then could you comment on how your discussions with potential customers for your LNG expansion plans as well as your confidence in the viability of these projects has changed in light of this recent drop in oil prices versus the discussions you were having when oil was in the 90s.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. The thing that I would say is first off, the buyers of these facilities are looking at 20- to 25-year contracts. So spot oil prices are not a determining factor for them in terms of looking at a long-term investment in these facilities. If that was the case, gas prices have gone down a lot, too. But how our customers look at this is they look at having a portfolio of LNG assets to meet some of their needs. The world demand in LNG is expected to increase considerably over the next 10 years. And they're looking at having LNG that can provide that need that gives them some optionality. And the things that have been really good about the U.S. projects are that they allow freedom of destination for export, which has not been true with some of the other contracts. And probably even more importantly than that, they have a liquid hub with upstream development that's already been there, with a robust pipeline infrastructure, with -- E&P work that someone else is paying for. And then they have a Henry Hub tradable point. So from the standpoint of our customers, they're very interested in having the opportunity to acquire LNG that has that kind of flexibility to it, and that's what we hear back. And then what we also hear back is that some of the customers like Port Arthur, because they could take equity there and that they could do a multipurpose facility. Some of the customers like Cameron trains 4 and 5 because they feel that it would be -- it's one of the lowest-cost projects that's been done and that for Cameron trains 1 through 3, 4 and 5 should be somewhere similar and that they see this optionality that I talk about. And some of them like ECA because they like the idea of a West Coast facility that could be built and access markets without going through the Panama Canal. So you have customers with different interests and different needs for the facility. And there's been a great deal of customer interest in the facilities. And LNG and oil are not fungible fully, so that Tokyo Gas is going to need gas. They can't use oil. So it doesn't really matter what the cost of oil is in that regard. And so I think there's too much connection to that because of the way pricing was done. The other thing I would say is that many facilities, if you looked at the price of oil today and you looked at tariffing on that basis, they could never get built because their just cost to build that facility would not be justified on an oil-linked price today. So if anything, we think it improves the competitiveness of some of the projects that are in the U.S. Mark, do you want to add anything to that?
Mark Alan Snell: I would just summarize by just saying on the -- you've got 2 parts to this, the consumption side and on the consumption side, natural gas, once you've made the commitment to natural gas as a fuel for generation or industrial usage, you're not switching back and forth between oil and natural gas. So the price of oil, other than the old crude-linked formulas, is really the only connection. It doesn't have that. And then on the supply side, there is a big advantage to the U.S. LNG because the biggest advantages -- the commitment that you need to make to buy LNG from the U.S. is less than it is than in most other places because all of the upstream development's already in place and you don't have to commit to pay for that over 20 years, it's already there. So you're really only committing to the facility, and that's a big advantage for customers on the supply side. So I think if you just think of it that way, you'll see that the U.S. LNG will remain competitive for a long time.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask one more on the Mexico pipeline opportunities. You talked about the roughly $1.8 billion in CapEx on these upcoming 4 bids this year. I know you've said in the past you're not baking any of that into your long-term earnings guidance. So from that perspective, anything you get would be upside. But I suspect you'd be fairly disappointed if you don't win anything. And if that's fair, what would you be happy with? What -- how can we kind of gauge success on those bids?
Debra L. Reed: What I would be happy with is to get them all for the kind of returns that we would like to have. So I mean, that's -- it's not how many we get, it's how profitable they are. And we run our business to provide shareholder value. And when we lose a bid, we look at it and we say, would we have wanted to have it for that? And most times I will tell you, we say no, that's not something we would have done because we have other ways we can invest our capital that will give us higher return. And so for us, it's about the discipline and the biddings and about -- we would be, obviously, disappointed if we don't get some of these. But as you've correctly stated, we don't have these in our plan, so it would be upside.
Operator: And we'll now go to Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the -- just a couple of questions on the operating results and then some broader questions. First question, on SoCal, SoCalGas, I understand the sort of movements around taxes there and the tax benefits last year versus this year. But if I go above the line to sort of operating income or EBIT, or even for that matter, operating margin, it looks like year-over-year in the quarter, it looks like, basically, operating profit was flat year-over-year. So I mean, I'm just trying to see how the growth is coming through at SoCal with all the capital you guys are spending in the business?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I'm going to have Joe talk about that. But I will say that 2014 was kind of a transition year. We were waiting for the PSEP decision to come out and starting up on a lot of the CapEx that you're going to start seeing flowing through the plan. So let me have Joe talk in particular about the year-over-year. And then Dennis is here, and he can talk about kind of what he's looking at and some of the changes in 2015 over 2014.
Joseph A. Householder: Faisel, yes, when you look at the tables -- I guess that's what you were looking at, is the tables.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, the supplementary tables.
Joseph A. Householder: And one thing that these tables -- yes, one thing that they don't show is that last year, we had still some of the retro income from the rate case delay, and so these throw you off. When you look at that, it looks like $124 million, $124 million. But last year, there was income in the numbers from the retroactive piece. And so they actually do have nice growth from year-to-year and the taxes -- between the 2 utilities, we had like $20 million of tax benefits last year and $21 million this year. It just happen to be between the 2 utilities. If you look at the 2 utilities in total, there's nice growth. But I'll let Dennis respond if there's anything else in there. But you had at least $25 million in revenue impact last year from the retro and some depreciation impact. So actually, their numbers look better than they do on the sheet. Dennis?
Dennis V. Arriola: Faisel, what I'd say is with the capital that we're spending and as Debbie mentioned, in '14, we're really well-positioned for the growth that we're going to see in '15. With PSEP now fully charging forward, you're going to see a full year of earnings related to that. And with the acceleration in advanced meter, that's continuing to go well. The other thing is by accelerating the Advanced Metering program in 2014, we did incur some additional operating expenses there that we won't necessarily have in years -- in 2015 as well. So when we look at those 2 programs plus the continuing growth in AFUDC related to projects like our Aliso storage replacement, we're really confident that the range that we gave out in 2015 [ph] at the analyst conference, we're on track for that for earnings.
Joseph A. Householder: Faisel, this is Joe. It just occurred -- dawned on me. I was actually really thinking about the annual numbers, because the retro piece was in the first quarter. It wasn't in the fourth. But I think the points that Dennis just made addressed the fourth quarter. If you look at the annual piece, I still think if you back out the retro, it looks okay, it looks good.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Okay, got you. And then if I look at the EPS guidance you guys laid out today for '15, what's the assumed sort of tax rate in that number? I think you may have mentioned it and I may have missed it in your prepared remarks.
Joseph A. Householder: This is Joe. The tax rate for 2015 is about 29%.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then going back to the, Debbie, your comments on the extra 2.9 million tons of potential LNG capacity at the plant. So the 12 million tons is what you have contracted. So I just want to make sure I understood this, so you'd have to actually contract for the extra 3 million tons to your existing customers, is that what you were saying in your remarks?
Debra L. Reed: I'll have Mark go through kind of how that works.
Mark Alan Snell: Okay. So if we're talking -- you're talking about the extra tonnage because of the sort of the de-bottlenecking the extra nameplate capacity? Okay. Yes, we actually -- that extra tonnage was contemplated when we did the agreement. So we get paid for making that available. If we make it available and it's used, we get paid a specific fee for that. And that's the calculation that we gave you that said it's about $30 million per ton per annum. And so we won't get that all the time. It will be intermittent. It -- because you do have to maintain these facilities, so there will be some times we'll be taking the facility down and it will earn less in its nameplate capacity, but we will have opportunities to really exceed it. And when we do that, we have a formula for getting paid.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Understood. And then last question for me, just as you guys are thinking about sort of the performance in the stock, which has been great over the last 12 to 18 months, and sort of the -- everything you guys have lined up for the next several years, how are you guys thinking about acquisitions at this point? I mean you've seen some volatility at least in the midstream sector. I mean, what's your philosophy right now on acquisitions? Is the table sort of set and you don't need to -- you're not interested in anything? Or does it make sense to go out and look for things?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we always look for things. And I think that with the markets having a little bit of instability right now and watching what's happening with some companies who really need to raise capital and are looking at getting rid of certain assets, that this is a good time for us to be shopping if there are some good assets on the market, and we look all the time. But what we look at is assets that will add value to the shareholder or give us a strategic advantage where 1 plus 1 equals more than 2, and that we really are very particular. As you said, we have a great growth rate that is just based from the organic growth that we have in our business. We are in a wonderful position where we don't have to make acquisitions in order to grow. So the way we look at it is, is this going to be a benefit to our shareholders? Is it going to add to our portfolio? Is it going to give us greater long-term growth? Or is it going to give us the opportunity to extend our growth beyond our 5-year period significantly above our peers? And that's the way we look at acquisitions. So if we find some things, we're always interested if they fit that.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess, the one reason why I'm asking is that a lot of the growth that you have -- you've got set up right now for the company over the next few years or several years, for that matter, is -- are sort of acquisitions or sort of investments you made sort of many years ago that are sort of driving a lot of that growth. So like how do you guys think about trying to set up for the next decade with the portfolio you have?
Debra L. Reed: That's a great question, and we actually have a team that's working on beyond 5 and what are the things that we should be doing to create the foundations for future growth. And that is part of our strategic review process that we're going through. I mean, not -- I guess not too many companies are fortunate enough to have the visibility 5 years out to the growth [ph]. And what we want to do is set it up so that we have visibility not just 5 years, but 10 and 15 years out, and we are already working on that. It's a great question.
Operator: And we'll go to Mark Barnett with Morningstar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So you've talked a lot about the Cameron project. I did want to flip it a little bit back to some of your comments about the opportunity in Mexico. You've kind of addressed this a little bit, but when you're looking at the bid process, you've obviously been successful, you have a recent success, and you're looking back on some of the bids you didn't want and why you didn't get them, talking about the returns process. But just wondering if how does it -- how final does this bidding process feel to you at this point? Feedback from the CFE, improvements that you'd like to see. Is there anything, I guess, in the process itself that would make it, I don't know, would make it easier for you to evaluate these projects?
Debra L. Reed: I'm going to ask Mark to answer that. We've gone through the full analysis of the bids and I would say that the -- that the bidding process is a pretty solid process, from what we see. And it's pretty clear. And I would say the U.S. pipeline bids were not as clear at the beginning, but they became clearer towards the end. The one thing that I think, and it was said on our IEnova call today, that we're all having to look at a little differently, is that when they bid these pipelines, they bid them to a certain capacity. And what many of the bidders are doing is looking at beyond that capacity that's going to be contracted and what is the market potential to add compression or to broaden the opportunities on the pipeline. And so I think that's one thing that we're seeing from bidders now is that they're looking not just at the first contract, but what could you do to grow that. Mark, do you want to...
Mark Alan Snell: Yes, I'll just elaborate a little bit on that. I would say one of the things that we're seeing from the bid process as a whole, it's actually quite good. It seems to be relatively -- it seems to be fair. They're looking at the right things and they kind of break it into 2 parts. There's a capital part and then the net present value over the future payments that the customer would take, whether that's CFE or PEMEX. So they've done this in, I think, a logical way. But to Debbie's point, one of the things that I think that will necessitate winning bidders to do in the future is to anticipate some additional revenue and capacity that would be used by the market, because all of these will be open access pipelines. They will eventually attract other customers and you got to kind of figure that into your net present value of your cash flow stream. And so, I think that it's going to keep a competitive process for Mexico. I guess the thing that I would add to that -- so I think we're looking at that and I think we can make adjustments for that. But I do think the thing that's most important is we've got these other group of bids that are coming out here shortly, but we have a whole list of other projects that are going to come out during the year. And the most encouraging thing we've seen is, in spite and maybe because of the drop in oil prices, the need for outside investment in Mexican infrastructure continues to grow. There seems to be no reluctance on the part of CFE or PEMEX to get moving on some of these projects because they're critically needed to deliver gas into the bowels [ph] of Mexico, and we really want to make sure that those projects that they're developing down there that are going to use this gas are all moving forward, and they are. And so I think all of this speaks very well for the additional investment. And we are, even though that we watch our returns and we want to make sure that we get a good return on our investment, we're still in one of the best competitive advantage -- in one of the best competitive places to be from having an advantage of just being the incumbent and the largest incumbent. Our relationship with the contractors and the pipe producers and the things that we've been using in Mexico, really, I think, we can be very quite competitive, and I think we'll do well.
Debra L. Reed: So one other thing that we didn't mention is that in addition to the 4 pipelines, they're also putting a bid out for gas supply at Baja Sur. And in that, they're allowing you to construct how you would get the gas there, whether it's by pipeline or it's by LNG. And I think we're starting to see a little more breadth in the type of bids that are coming out, and that pays to our sweet spot -- plays to our sweet spot where we can be creative in how we use the assets that we already have in Mexico and we take those and work them together in a way that puts a really attractive package on the table. So I think we feel very good about this, but we also are going to be very disciplined.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Great. Now that's some really nice commentary. I appreciate that. And maybe to kind of pick up where you mentioned on the competitive advantage side and given how successful you've already been and seem to be so far, I mean, does that kind of change the appetite for maybe partnering with other large multinationals in pursuing some of the larger projects? Is that still an option that you are considering when you look at particular -- the larger bids perhaps?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I mean, we always look at partners. But what we want to be sure is both partners bring something to the table. In terms of just bringing capital to the table, we feel that we have great opportunities in Mexico to raise capital for this. But if there's something strategic that they bring to the table, that combined with us, would make us more competitive, we'd certainly look at that.
Operator: And we'll go to Winfried Fruehauf with W. Fruehauf Consulting.
Winfried Fruehauf: Assuming the market price for LNG produced at Cameron is petroleum-based or petroleum-related, and assuming current petroleum prices would remain at or below current levels for 5 years, would this, in your opinion, affect the ability and willingness of the offtakers to proceed under the terms of the contract?
Debra L. Reed: If you're talking about the trains 1 through 3, no. I would not expect that. I mean, we have a very tight contract. The other thing, and the way we structure trains 1 through 3, is our customers are our partners. And so we had envisioned that if there was upturns or downturns in the LNG market, the fact that they're paying theirselves is an advantage under this. And so what you have with this is you have some, as you're pointing out, some credit risk. I certainly think GDF, Mitsui and Mitsubishi are very strong credits and that they look at this as a long-term investment for them. So I wouldn't see that, Winfried.
Operator: We'll now go to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just on the -- almost all my questions have been answered, and I apologize if I missed this, but the non-capitalized development costs for the additional LNG projects, what was the amount that you guys are seeing, that you guys are expecting, for that in 2015? And how should we think about what that might look like going forward in the future?
Debra L. Reed: Okay. I'll ask Joe to answer that one.
Joseph A. Householder: Paul, the reason that we are excluding it from guidance, as Debbie mentioned, are severalfold. But we actually are not able to estimate it right now, and that's why we didn't give a number and we didn't put a range for it, because we expect to be spending this money, but as Debbie said, we're going to be disciplined. We also have partners in these projects, and so we are not sure at this point in time how much we're going to spend versus how much we're going to collect from partners. And then as we work through getting customers signed up for MOUs, at some point, we'll be able to capitalize the costs. So we just -- we cannot, right now, estimate the amount that we may ultimately spend. Mark, I don't know if you have anything to add that you'd like to.
Mark Alan Snell: No. I think that's right. We really just can't estimate it now, and because of the difference in capitalization or expense, we just thought it would be best to exclude it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So you're just calling it out...
Debra L. Reed: One thing also, I just think from a transparency standpoint that you'll be able to see this because we'll be reporting earnings and you'll be able to see, as we're reporting, how much we're spending. And then -- so it makes it more transparent to you, and I think that's a positive way to handle it. When you can't really estimate something and it's something that's really leading up to your FERC filing, and then you guys will be able to see.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. I understand that, I don't want to make too much of it. I just was sort of wondering though, how long do you think this will be a separate issue that you guys will be calling out, just the...
Debra L. Reed: No. I mean, what we're looking at is we're looking at getting the filings done this year on all of these. So this is the expenditures that would occur before the filing and a lot depends on, as was said, when you get partners, when you get MOUs and what the capitalization policy is versus the expense policy. And the fact that we have 3 going at one time this year is quite unusual. So I wouldn't see this as being an ongoing thing and it's really expenditures for projects that really will be beyond our 5-year plan, so.
Mark Alan Snell: Paul, one thing is, if we develop these projects beyond this year, likely, all these costs will continue to get capitalized.
Operator: And next is Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: Debbie, one thing, as you go out -- and we look forward to the Analyst Day, but we had one in the beginning of the year for the company. But I hope one thing which would come out is you're doing your strategy is on this Total Return Vehicle, me being a Sempra holder, is how does this enhance my valuation when you select whatever that is? And I'm hoping it is through a better growth rate in earnings or something like that which you can quantify that this vehicle would provide valuation uplift to the parent company, which has been somewhat missing in what we saw earlier this year. I hope that comes out very clearly as you pursue this path that we, as Sempra shareholders, what are we going to get by having this TRV vehicle?
Debra L. Reed: Well, if we decide to do a TRV, then how we explain that -- we have heard this from a number of our investors and it is one of the most important things on our mind in consideration about this. And if you go forward on it, is where is the value creation for the Sempra shareholders? Where does that come from? Obviously, that -- there are all sorts of rules regarding communication and what you can do and what you can do when. And if we decide to go forward with this, we have to comply with those rules. But we hear you. And that if we decide to go forward, that I hear what you're saying, and that we will make every effort to address it.
Operator: And Michael Weinstein with UBS has a follow-up question.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up. I think you were alluding before to a possible decoupling of LNG pricing from oil pricing, given the drop in oil on the spot market. I'm just wondering if that is indeed what you're trying to say and what you're seeing out there, that we might be seeing a natural decoupling?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, to some degree. I'll have Mark talk.
Mark Alan Snell: Yes, it's -- look, there are numerous LNG contracts around the world that are linked to oil prices and they call it the crude cocktail price or you've heard those terms. But the change that's coming, that's happening is really not one of a decoupling, but it's diversification which is going to -- that's entering another mix into this, and that is a Henry Hub-based LNG price. So most of -- in fact, all of the LNG so far, I think that's been sold out of the United States, has had some kind of index back to Henry Hub. So it's giving the purchasers a mix in their portfolio of a different pricing, and that was very popular, obviously, when crude was very, very high. But the popularity hasn't diminished because crude has gone down in price. I think there is a big desire by the -- especially the Japanese and the Koreans, to diversify their pricing mix and to have some different points -- different pricing points. So I think that's purely what it is. And it's a very small percentage now of their overall mix. It's growing. But we're not anywhere near where they are full up with Henry Hub-based price. I think there's still a lot of room to go.
Operator: And that will conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I'd like to turn it back to Debbie Reed for any additional or closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thanks, again, for joining us today. I hope to see you all at our Analyst Conference in New York on March 26. As you heard today, we have a lot of interesting things to be covering at that conference. And in the meantime, please feel free to contact our IR team and have a great day.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference for today. I'd like to thank everyone for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Rick Vaccari – VP, IR Debbie Reed – Chairman & CEO Mark Snell – President Joe Householder – EVP & CFO Martha Wyrsch – EVP & General Counsel Trevor Mihalik – SVP, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts:  Greg Gordon – Evercore Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research Chris Turnure – JPMorgan Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets Rajeev Lalwani – Morgan Stanley Faisal Khan – Citigroup Mark Barnett – Morningstar Financial
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Rick Vaccari: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's third quarter 2014 financial results and business update. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the investor section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team. Debbie Reed, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Snell, President, Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Martha Wyrsch, Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Trevor Mihalik, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our third quarter 2014 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I would also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, November 4th, 2014 and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that please turn to slide 3 and let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debbie Reed: Thanks Rick and thanks to all of you who are joining us today. Our third quarter earnings were very strong and I am confident that our 2014 earnings will be near the upper end of our guidance range. We are also well-positioned to execute on our five year growth plan. As we begin today, I'd like to start off a little differently by giving you an overview of the progress we are making on key business initiatives and strategies. This will give you a good sense of how we expect to achieve our growth rate of 9% to 11% through 2019. Over the past few months I've been on the road meeting with many of you. Since I most often asked about our long-term growth prospects, I thought it would be helpful to start with a progress update. So today I will begin with a review of some of the projects in our five-year plan and the status of additional development opportunities that could add to our long-term growth. After providing you with this broader context, I'll hand the call over to Joe to discuss the quarterly earnings and then we will take your questions. Please turn to slide 4, for several years we have chartered a path to exit merchant generation as it no longer fits with our long term contracted infrastructure strategy. On October 29th we signed a definitive agreement to sell the last block of Mesquite power plant. The book value of the plant is approximately $300 million and the sale is at a premium to book value. We expect to close this transaction around year-end subject to regulatory approval and transfer of the existing contract. Any gains in the sale is not included in our 2014 guidance. Shifting to our U.S. midstream business, we now have 20 year contracts for the full 1.8 Bcf per day at East to West capacity on the REX pipeline. Due to significant additional demand for capacity out of the Marcellus and Utica, we conducted a nonbinding open season for expansion. The REX joint venture is finalizing precedent agreements with interested shippers and we should be able to report results within a few months. Other market developments that could enhance REX's long-term value include the build out of additional laterals such as the proposed Prairie State Pipeline. Growth in our REX distributions from these recent developments is an important factor as we consider the structure and timing for a potential MLP or YieldCo which we will discuss later on the call. In addition to REX our U.S. Gas and Power business is preparing bids for two natural gas pipeline lines in Texas that are being tendered by Mexico's Electricity Commission, the CFE. We expect to hear the results of those bids early next year. Now, let's turn to slide 5. A significant component of U.S. Gas and Power's natural gas strategy is to leverage our core competencies and asset positions to build a broader LNG business. The progress we have made getting Cameron Liquefaction into construction positions us well to expand our LNG footprint. In October, the joint venture for Cameron became effective. We contributed our asset to the JV and our partners made their initial capital contributions and reimbursed us for their share of development costs. We began drying up on our financing and issued the full notice to proceed to our EPC contractors for construction. The combination of forming the joint venture and moving from the development phase to the construction phase where we have a fixed price turnkey EPC contract is another huge step that gives us confidence the project will be successful and profitable for Sempra. We remain on track to complete all three trains in 2018. Moving to the next steps and growing our LNG business, our U.S. development efforts are progressing on two fronts. We are assessing opportunities to develop Cameron trains four and five and a liquefaction plant at Port Arthur and we continue to receive strong customer interest for both. As we advance our analysis, we will gain more clarity on the prospects and timing for development of these two projects. With regard to Cameron trains four and five, the JV is progressing with a permitting work and we expect to initiate our FERC filing in the first half of 2015. At this time, we would expect to complete the permitting process within about two years after filing. Since trains four and five will likely replicate the current design at Cameron, we may be able to accelerate the environmental review process and shorten approval time frames. Sempra has the contractual rights to 50% of the equity and capacity in the expansion. Unit costs should be comparable to the current project and therefore quite competitive. Our goal is to have the contracts in place and approvals necessary to allow for continuous construction following completion of trains one through three. For those of you who are less familiar with Port Arthur, we have a 2900 acre land position with three miles of waterfront connecting directly to the Gulf of Mexico. The location is on a deep water channel that could accommodate LNG carriers of all sizes. Port Arthur has been permitted in the past for both LNG and crude import facilities. We are assessing the site for the possible combined use of LNG and/or liquids export and are discussing its development with several potential customers. Initial studies suggest the site could reasonably accommodate four trains similar in size to those at Cameron as well as other uses. Our goal is to complete our site plan, negotiate contracts with customers and initiate our FERC filing next year. Now, please turn to slide 6 for developments in our international businesses. In Mexico, we are making progress on our gas studies to determine the size, structure and economics of an LNG export facility at ECA. We should have a better sense of these factors and potential timing in the first half of next year. We continue to see strong interest from potential off-takers, but since this facility is fully contracted as an import facility through 2028, we must consider the impact on contracts with existing customers and the resulting project economics before proceeding. Another infrastructure, IEnova is continuing to meet key construction milestones on its major projects. The first phase of the Sonora pipeline was completed in October and Los Ramones 1 pipeline should be completed in December. Together, they represent about $1 billion in capital expenditure. IEnova is also in the final stages of construction on the ethane pipeline and ESJ wind generation project. Near term development opportunities include the 17 natural gas pipelines outlined in the government's five-year infrastructure plan. Although the process is running a few months behind initial scheduling, the CFE is moving forward and making progress on the tenders. IEnova has submitted a bid for the contracted pipeline and is preparing a bid for the second. As I mentioned, our U.S. Gas and Power business is preparing bids for the third and fourth pipeline. You can refer to the appendix for additional details on all 17. Turning to energy reform, we see a long runway of opportunities resulting from the country's energy transformation. In addition to the $13 billion of investment expected in natural gas pipelines, the government identified $14 billion of power generation projects, $2 billion of electric transmission projects and over $250 billion of energy investments in other sectors. We are working to build upon our past success and become a first mover in several of these new areas of opportunity. While we expect to have increased competition for projects, we’ve worked over many years to develop our competitive advantage in Mexico. For example, IEnova has the largest in country presence among competitors with over 560 local employees. Based on our large and ongoing construction program, we’ve a deep and experienced team who has demonstrated the ability to deliver projects on time and on budget. We also have a long history of being able to work success successfully with local communities. This is essential for secure sing rights of way. Moving to Peru, our electric distribution company has received regulatory approval for a transmission plan that entails building several substations and transmission lines in Lima. The plan will require about $150 million of incremental investment from 2015 to 2017. Capital expenditures will earn the regulated 12% rate of return. Let's go now to slide 7. At our California utilities, both our basic operations and projects are performing well and we continue to pursue additional growth opportunities. At SoCalGas we received regulatory approval of our framework and are currently ramping up on 17 pipeline construction projects and a valve enhancement initiative, all part of our $1.5 billion PSEP program. The advanced metering program at SoCalGas is also ahead of schedule and we expect to have about 2.9 million meters installed by year end. As you are aware, SoCalGas has made a filing at the CPUC for an $800 million to $850 million Southern gas system reliability project designed to reinforce the gas transmission system and provide stronger access to supply points and gas storage. This is very important for both gas and electric system reliability. As expected, several alternate proposals have been filed, but we continue to believe our plan is superior. We expect the CPUC to rule late next year. At SDG&E, we are on track with our $1.1 billion capital plan for 2014 and received notice from the ISO that we were awarded an additional $60 million electric transmission project in our service territory. On the regulatory front, we have two important matters at the Commission and both are moving forward. We reached an amended settlement agreement with key parties on the Son's [ph] plant closure and expect CPUC approval this year. The revisions made to the settlement address all issues raised by the assigned commissioner and these revisions did not result in a material impact to Sempra's 2014 financial results. We submitted our notice of intent to file our 2016 general rate case at both utilities. The Office of Ratepayer Advocates recommended acceptance and we expect to file our official applications by year end. Let's turn to slide 8 for an update on our ongoing assessment of MLPs. We’re focused on finalizing our analysis of the pros and cons of different structures. We continue to look at the traditional MLP structure as well as a variety of YieldCo like structures that are designed for growth and distributions. To simplify terminology we refer to the latter as total return vehicles or TRVs. The key issues for us include alignment with our strategies and growth initiatives, value creation for Sempra shareholders, flexibility and the potential asset mix, liquidity and size of the potential investor base and volatility and trading history of existing entities. We are on path to conclude our analysis by the end of the first quarter 2015 and hope to provide you more detail around our strategy at that time. With that, let me hand the call over to Joe to provide additional context on this topic and to walk you through the quarterly earnings. Joe?
Joe Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Turning to slide 9, we discuss certain factors we’re analyzing to inform our decision regarding a potential MLP or TRV. First and foremost, as Debbie just mentioned, the structure must be aligned with our strategy and enhance long-term value for Sempra shareholders. The earnings per share, dividend per share and cash flow impact for Sempra are a focus of our analysis. If an MLP or a TRV is pursued, we will work with the rating agencies to maintain our solid investment grade credit ratings. In our decision process we will follow the same discipline we used in launching the highly successful IEnova IPO. One important factor is the asset base. In our portfolio, we have assets with long-term cash flows that are currently available for formation of a vehicle. In the case of an MLP, we could include our share of REX distributions and potentially the U.S. based contracted revenues from the ECA re-gas terminal. In the case of a TRV, we could include these assets as well as certain of our wind and solar assets. We also have a variety of assets we expect to be available for future growth. In either an MLP or a TRV, Cameron Liquefaction could be the asset providing the largest cash distribution growth after all three trains are online. We could also have available LNG development projects, our Cameron pipeline, other qualifying midstream and storage assets, if market conditions improve. Additional renewables in operation or in development as well as other non-qualifying infrastructure could also be available for future growth in a TRV. Let's go to slide 10. On this slide, we break down the key attributes often used for comparison between an MLP and a TRV. As you know, the traditional MLP relies on qualifying assets while a TRV could include any asset with certainty in its long-term cash distribution profile. You are likely familiar with differences in the investor base between an MLP and a TRV. Governance and tax impacts, however, are becoming more common between the two. While we were initially focused on an MLP structure, we understand that the tax shield for a TRV is essentially equivalent to the tax shield that MLP unit holders enjoy. For a TRV, a tax loss can be carried forward to offset potential future taxable income. Analysis suggests that similar to an MLP, a TRV's tax yield can be maintained over time through growth. With regard to potential sponsor implications, asset quality and incentive distribution rights are important for valuation in either structure. As Debbie mentioned earlier, we’re considering these issues and are on a path to conclude our analysis by the end of the first quarter 2015. Let's now turn to slide 11 and I will conclude with a discussion of our third quarter earnings. Sempra's third quarter consolidated earnings were $348 million or $1.39 per share. This compares to consolidated earnings of $296 million or $1.19 per share in the same quarter last year. As we normally do, we’re providing individual financial results for each of our business units in the section of our presentation entitled business unit earnings. For this call, however, I'm going to focus only on the key drivers of our consolidated third quarter earnings, beginning on slide 12. Increased quarterly earnings relative to 2013 are due largely to five items. The California utilities had a combined $13 million of increased earnings due to higher CPUC based margin and improved operating performance. In 2014, the California utilities had a combined $10 million favorable impact for prior year's income tax issues, compared to a $2 million unfavorable impact in 2013. IEnova finalized the sale of a 50% equity interest in. As a result of the transaction, we recorded a $14 million after-tax gain, of which of half or $7 million is attributable to the re-measurement of our retained interest to fair value. In Mexico, we recorded $14 million of AFUDC equity earnings associated with construction of the say another ray pipeline. U.S. Gas and Power recorded a $25 million benefit related to the release of a Louisiana income tax valuation allowance. In past years we incurred losses for operations located in Louisiana. We recorded a valuation allowance against the deferred income tax benefit at that time, due to the lack of offsetting income. With advancement of Cameron Liquefaction and prospects for future earnings in Louisiana, we were able to release the valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. Partially offsetting these five drivers were two items. One item was the $24 million gain recorded in 2013 from the sale of a 50% interest in two solar projects. The second item relates to $8 million in higher income tax expense for South America in 2014, primarily related to Chilean tax reform. As I mentioned on our first quarter call, Chile was considering a tax reform proposal that would increase the corporate tax rate. The President of Chile signed the tax reform bill into law on September 29th, and the $6 million impact reflects the re-measurement of our deferred tax balances. Now let's go to slide 13. To conclude, our businesses are performing well and we are on track to execute on our five-year growth plan. Cameron is in construction and new contracts on REX are also in place. IEnova's construction on major projects is progressing on time and year-to-date earnings for Sempra Mexico operations are higher than last year, despite $16 million of higher non-controlling interest in 2014. In South America, earnings reflect a couple of items worth mentioning. Year-to-date earnings primarily for Chile continue to be impacted by a weaker peso to dollar exchange rate. As we have discussed previously, tariffs in our South American utilities are generally adjusted for foreign currency changes over time. Chilean tax reform also impacted earnings this quarter. Despite these considerations, our South American utilities remain fundamentally sound and show continued growth in customers and sales. Finally, our California utilities have their major capital programs in place and earnings continue to reflect a higher CPUC base margin and improved operating results. As Debbie noted earlier, based on third quarter earnings and our year-to-date financial performance, we expect to be near the upper end of our 2014 earnings guidance range of $4.25 per share to $4.55 per share. With that, we will conclude our prepared comments and stop to take any questions that you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll go first to Greg Gordon with Evercore.
Greg Gordon – Evercore: I've got one question on the quarter and one question on some of the drivers. I guess I'll start with the quarter. As I look at the summary on page 13, it looks like the – I'm sorry, not the summary on page 13, the summary on page 12 with all the items impacting the quarter. The income tax swing, the ESJ wind gain and the release of the allowance, I understand that you had – there are offsetting things that happened in the prior year like the gain you had on Copper Mountain, but as we look forward into 2015 and we look at your – the guidance range you gave for us for 2015, is that already – should we assume they contemplate such gains or losses in there?
Debbie Reed: Greg, let me just say for 2015 we're going to update our guidance as we always do in February. What I would just say is that when we do our guidance we contemplate what we know at that point in time. So to the extent when we gave you the guidance back at the analyst meeting in March, we knew things were going to occur in 2015. We would have put those in our guidance at that time. But we will update that guidance because there's been things that have happened since that time and we'll update that guidance in February as we always do.
Greg Gordon – Evercore: Okay. So that switches to my next question. As I look at page 4 of your – the guidance section from the Analyst Day, you did a pretty good job outlining what was in your aspiration and what wasn't and based on the update you've given us today, looks like on the California utilities you've got a small transmission project that wasn't contemplated. You've got a fairly large potential gas infrastructure project that wasn't contemplated. You've got the SFE pipelines in Latin America and Peru transmission that wasn't contemplated. And then refresh my memory. I just want to be clear, the 1.8 Bcf of day of REX backhaul was not – was also not contemplated in that guidance. Is that correct?
Debbie Reed: Yes. Let me just go through to summarize those so that everyone kind of hears the same thing. When we look at what we showed you back in March and we look at some of the things that were in the additional opportunities that have already been secured that we have the 1.6 Bcf from REX for the east to west flows and that's incremental to what we had in our plan of the 0.2 B's. We also have the second piece of REX which is the Clarington West Flow [ph] that we haven't announced contracts on yet. And as I mentioned, that should be coming out in the next couple of months. Renewables, we have the 92-megawatt contract with Edison for CMS-4. And on electric transmission, this quarter we got $60 million of incremental investment. We also have some other projects that were incremental to our plan at SDG&E and then we also had the $150 million of electric transmission in Peru that I mentioned on the call. So those are things that where we basically have either been assigned them by the ISO or by the regulators in Peru or we have contracts with REX or with renewables. Then we have a lot of bids for additional development and we're bidding two CFE pipelines in Mexico, two CFE pipelines in the U.S., some additional renewables where we are offers out and we mentioned trains four and five in Cameron. Those are things we're actively working on as well.
Greg Gordon – Evercore: You've also got this $800 million to $850 million gas infrastructure proposal where you'll find out late next year if that's approved, right?
Debbie Reed: Yes. And part of that was in the later years of our plan, because that – we would expect to get the decision towards the end of next year but construction doesn't ramp up on that until some of the mid to later years of the plan.
Greg Gordon – Evercore: And when would you roll out explicit 2016 earnings guidance range?
Debbie Reed: We'll roll those out 2016; we usually do at the analyst conference. And so we do 2015 on the call in February, generally, and then we give you both of those and then our long-term outlook at the analyst conference. And that would be – the one thing I want to be sure to mention is that when I went through all of these growth opportunities that – and using the Southern reliability system as an example, not all of these projects are going to affect 2015 earnings. Some of the projects, like REX comes in part of it in 2015, some of the additional contracts would not come into place until 2016, when we look at the Peruvian transmission it's 2015 to 2017 and so a lot of these things are going to not affect just the 2015. The other thing that I want to mention is that with the additional bids that we have under development, we are going to also be incurring development costs during 2015. And we are planning on getting trains four and five with the permits filed and same thing for Port Arthur and for projects like that, plus all these CFE bids that we expect there to be development costs. So all of that kind of information will be updated when we give you our guidance in February.
Greg Gordon – Evercore: I do have one more question. So there's been a lot of oil price volatility over the last couple months and the people's – it seems that investor's expectations for the probability of incremental LNG export kind of ebbs and flows with the oil price a as it balances between where it is today and the prices we saw earlier in the year. Is there a – can you give us some sense of whether the appetite from your counter counterparties who are discussing with you the potential for these incremental trains, at what oil price they're no longer interested in ex ordering gas from the U.S.?
Debbie Reed: Let me just mention one thing and that is that all of the joint venture parties agree for us to move forward with some of the initial work and preparation of our FERC filing for trains four and five. So I mean, that in itself is a good indication. But Mark has done a lot of work in this area and we expected that there would be questions on oil prices, so I'm going to turn it to Mark to kind of say why we think our facilities are very well positioned in terms of the global markets.
Mark Snell: Greg, I think you know that this LNG business is a long-term business and what we're seeing from our partners is an interest in securing long-term supply of LNG from the United States with all the stability and the continuity that that can provide. And we really haven't seen that interest abate even as we've seen oil prices fall in the last few days here. If you look at the underlying numbers and I'm not going to get into all the details now, but generally speaking we still have – the U.S. gas and U.S. LNG especially from the Gulf has a pretty good cost advantage over just about everything else that there is in the world today. And that continues down to gas or oil prices as they drop even down to the $70 range. One thing I think it's worth noting is a lot of these foreign contracts, oil linked contracts for LNG have S-curves in them with sets a floor and a ceiling on prices as oil prices fluctuate. And so it's not a point where even if oil were to drop to levels that we haven't seen in 15 or 20 years, LNG wouldn't necessarily on a worldwide basis fall to those levels, except other than on the spot market. There's some built in price levels there. And I think we're competitive with those, given where price is. And I think the other thing that's really, really important and that these folks focus on is diversity of supply. And that includes geographic diversity. Obviously the United States being a real favorite these days of trying to get some supply out of the U.S., also diversity of facilities and geographic locations within the U.S. So I think at the end of the day we feel very confident that our partners are interesting – interested in moving forward on trains four and five. We see other outside interest for Port Arthur. We are having discussions on, on maybe conversions there. So we're kind of looking at all of these opportunities and we think we can be online with some of these as early as 2020. And we're going to kind of prioritize which ones that we think need to come online first and we'll just kind of move through the list. But we're pretty excited about what's the level of interest and the opportunity for us to continue to grow our LNG business.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Couple questions, first on the Cameron four and five filing at FERC next year, would you anticipate you would have contracts in place by the time that you file at FERC?
Debbie Reed: I'm going to have Mark go ahead and go through that and kind of go through the schedule a bit with you as to what we're envisioning.
Mark Snell: It's a good question. I don't know that we would have firm contracts in place. Usually, the contracts aren't firm until we take FID, the firm investment decision, and we wouldn't expect to do that until sometime after we get the permit, 16 or 17. We're working with our partners and we obviously have customers that we have put in the queue that are looking at this opportunity, but it's sort of a chicken and egg thing. They want to make sure that we're going to do it and we have the facility and getting the permits will cement that in their minds that this facility is moving forward and I think they'd be much more comfortable than to commit to that supply. So as we look at this, I think we would expect sometime after that we would probably firm up contracts. That doesn't mean we won't have MOUs and other kinds of indications of interest and I think that's very likely that we will. A firm contract really doesn't exist until you take FID.
Debbie Reed: I would say it would be very parallel to what we did on trains one through three where we had with partners, we had commitments that if the facility was built at a certain pricing point that they would move forward with it. But that's very different than getting to FID, where the partners now have to you put their money on the table and all. So I think it would be constructed very much the same in terms of contracts.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Okay. Maybe my terminology might have been too specific there. I guess it seems that there's a little bit more of an interest in approving projects that have more likelihood of getting done, which having some kind of initial commitment helps along that way. So do you expect by the time you file there would be some kind of initial commitment for the LNG?
Mark Snell: Yes, I think that we'll have initial interest. And also too, I just want to remind you that now that FERC or that DOE has changed the way that they look at this and let FERC is taking the lead, you're not really going to move forward with a lot of this activity because it is, as Debbie mentioned, there's fairly expensive development costs in moving this through the permitting process. And so we're not going to do that without some indication of interest and that we're going to be able to move this to completion. So I think the change in the process that was recently announced a few months ago is also leading to people being much more secure about what's going on as they move forward.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Okay. Second question, this might be a little silly, but just do you guys have something against the term YieldCo or what's the thought or is there a message underneath kind of recalling it a TRV instead of YieldCo?
Debbie Reed: I'm going to ask Joe to answer that, because he and his team came up with that term as we were looking at it. I think it is pretty descriptive and kind of what the option we're looking at, but Joe?
Joe Householder: Look, I think, Steve, really it's us thinking pout thinking about what this is and I think the YieldCo term is a little bit funny, you think a YieldCo is something that's at a high yield. What we really see is this is going to be very highly valued because of growth and yield and so we just didn't really like the term and didn't really fit us and it didn't fit our strategy and we think that it's really a total return vehicle and that's why we are talking about that. One of the problems we had internally is we're looking at a couple different types. Everything we're looking at is MLP like in structure but it might be the tax is a little bit different depending on what we do so we needed a term to talk about these things that weren't traditional MLPs and this is what we came onto.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Okay. One last question with respect to just the decision on MLP YieldCo. The other companies that are moved forward with MLPs, YieldCos, the stocks generally have done well into it. Once they've actually executed there hasn't been a lot of follow-through. Do you have any kind of thoughts they the way you're looking at it, where you might either do it differently or communicate differently to benefit to Sempra holders if you go forward?
Debbie Reed: I think the key is that whatever we do has to bring greater value to Sempra shareholders in our minds and that we'll be able to articulate why we think that that would occur. I would say the one thing that we feel very good about is if we do something, if we don't do something, whatever we do, we have a really great set of assets. I think how a company fundamentally has long-term value is the growth, the potential on assets that they have, the ability to grow their business, the ability to really have steady cash flows that are growing and I think we're in good position regardless of the structure that we have to do that. So that's kind of how we're looking at it. And I would just turn it to Joe to talk about a little bit of what we're looking at on the shareholder value side and the work that's under way.
Joe Householder: Steve, this is part of the reason we put a lot of content into this call because later once we make a decision, we'll be filing some stuff and then we won't with able to talk about it. So we wanted to be able to explain how we're thinking about this, that we really are focused on the long-term value for Sempra and we wanted you to all understand what the things we're looking at. And so we've described on page 9 and page 10 how we're thinking about it, the kind of assets we're looking at, how we expect these things to work. And I don't want to talk about really the other company's stock values and what's happened to them but we believe that the strength of our underlying business and the execution that we have on our growth plan is going to be reflected in how our shares perform and if we choose to create one of these vehicles then as it's been with other large high quality sponsors, they're kind of small at the outset but I think that's one of the things you see is these things are pretty small for some of these large players. And so I don't think it's moving the stock much around. And it might do the same with us, it's hard to tell. Once those IDRs become significant and that value is very transparent, I think you'll see that in our stock very clearly.
Debbie Reed: I would just add to that and highlight IEnova and kind of what was done there and we were the first energy company to trade on the exchange and we took a lot of time to determine what was the best approach, what was the best timing, is this something that's going to bring value to the Sempra shareholders. Is it going to give more transparency to the value of those underlying assets. And we would make the same kind of considerations as we decide whether we're going to do a vehicle and if so, what type of vehicle we would do. I think you'll l see that same kind of disciplined behavior for us as we analyze this.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Turnure with JPMorgan.
Chris Turnure – JPMorgan: Could you give us a little bit more color on. You certainly talked about contracting conditions in general for LNG. You mentioned that the kind of interest remains strong. So did IEnova when they talked about it. Could you mention kind of if anything has changed for that project specifically over the past couple months?
Debbie Reed: I would say that, Chris, there's nothing really that's changed. We've been doing the gas study and we're completing some of the work on the gas study to look at gas availability. The issue there that's been there and we've always talked about it is that we have contracts through 2028 as an import facility. So the economics of taking a facility that, I don't know, it's about $150 million or so cash flow from that facility, and making it into an export facility, we need to look at what the benefits of that would be and that there has to be a compelling story for that. And so looking at gas, looking at the sizing of the facility, looking at the customers, looking at the existing customers, are all the things that we've always talked about with that facility and they're still present for us. We're working it and we're definitely working trains four and five and definitely working Port Arthur. We're working all three of them.
Chris Turnure – JPMorgan: Okay. And then could you give us a little bit more color if you could on timing with ECA. I know it's hard to do at this point but you've definitely been more specific with four and five, I think, and even Port Arthur at this point than you've been down there.
Debbie Reed: Well I mentioned in my talking points that what we were looking at is having all the gas analysis done and then really looking at what kind of a facility could be there and having some conversations with our customers in the first half of next year. That's the kind of timing for that. There is a regulatory process. I guess the rules just came out in Mexico with some of the details on what is required in order to get regulatory approval. But it's a different process than in the U.S. So I mean, I think that within the first half of the year, just as with the other projects, we should have a good sense as to what we think about sizing, what we think about timing, and what we think about the economics of the project.
Chris Turnure – JPMorgan: And then my follow-up question is just on year-to-date earnings and the third quarter specifically. There's kind of an unusually large number of one-time mostly tax related items. Do you have a sense of what a normalized number would be if you moved all of that stuff?
Debbie Reed: I'm going to have Joe or Trevor go through that. And I would remind you that if you kind of look year to year, last year we had a gain on CMS-2 that came in the quarter and it was almost the same size as this LA tax valuation. So if you kind of take those things out, you still see a growth of double-digit growth rate year-over-year which I think is along a path that we're intending to head.
Joe Householder: I think just what she said. You can pick and choose things that tend to be one-time items if you want to call them that. I would say in our renewable business we tend to have gains on sales fairly often. Last year we had $24 million in the third quarter, this year we had $13 million in the third quarter. This year we had the Chilean tax reform hit us for 6 and we had $8 million of repatriation tax. Where last year this quarter we didn't have any because it all got booked in the first quarter. So if you try to pull some of those out and you pull out the valuation allowance which was in our plan, but if you pulled that out and say that's the onetime item we have nearly 19% growth over last year and if you take out the tax items at the utilities, we have those all the time, they happen all the time, but if you take those out they're 14% earnings growth. We have very solid growth in this quarter and year-to-date the numbers are very similar. You can pick and choose. But we have very, very solid growth.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: It's actually Julien. I have a quick detail here on Mesquite. Do you have a sales price that you could disclose?
Debbie Reed: All we're saying that is our book value's about 300 and we sold it for above book. And we'll remind you all that the gain on that sale is not part of the guidance, so --
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Turning to Mexico, if you will, how much does the U.S./Mexican project drive a decision between MLP versus whatever else you you've contemplated? Call it YieldCo, total return vehicle, etcetera.
Debbie Reed: I don't think that that would drive anything in terms of our decision making. We're looking at kind of long-term and so it would be a nice factor for if you were looking at either of those. It would be a nice factor, but it's not a driver.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: So you feel like you have sufficient critical mass to get the MLP off the ground, irrespective of near term project awards, right, just to be clear?
Debbie Reed: We're not going to comment on that. As I mentioned, we're doing the assessment of that and we're looking at those assets. We're looking at where our growth is and we're doing that, all of that work, and I'm just not going to comment on specific assets.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: And then going back to the notion of a total return vehicle, you talk about other infrastructure assets. Broadly speaking, what else would be contemplated within a TRV, if you will? It's midstream, clearly, it's renewables, clearly. What else within the context of your current portfolio or within the context of your organic growth plans would be included potentially?
Debbie Reed: I would refer you back to Joe's comments, but Joe, do you want to kind of articulate that again, some of the comments.
Joe Householder: Sure. Really what we looked at is the strategy for Sempra and it's been consistent for many, many, many years now, long-term contracted infrastructure and we've built and contracted many different kind of assets. And while we're exiting merchant generation now, we certainly had assets like that that could have been put in there. We might look at petrochemical kind of assets, other things that are natural gas related kind of assets. There could be things that just don't fit in the qualifying asset characterization. And so we could – I mentioned before, while we're not currently contemplating it, we could put some of these non-U.S. assets in there. We certainly probably won't do that with Mexico but there's others assets that we could put in. It's just a broader group that fits nicely with our strategy.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: And a last little detail here, congrats on Mesquite, first. But secondly, TDM in Mexico, is there a thought process or time line around re-contracting that asset?
Debbie Reed: We have a goal to do something with TDM on a long-term basis. And as I mentioned in my comments, with the energy reform going forward that generation will be kind of one of the next areas that they will be looking at. And we think with TDM interconnected to Mexico it could be one of the best and most economic assets to meet some of those needs. So that's our plan is to work that with the sale into Mexico.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Under long term offtake presumably?
Debbie Reed: A sale of the asset or sale or long-term offtake, PPA agreement, whatever structure seems to work best.
Operator: We'll go next to Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just wanted to follow up and make sure I understand about the offtake agreements on Cameron trains four and five. So you've indicated that you expect to start the FERC filing process the first half of next year and I believe you said that you would expect to have some offtake agreements in hand before you go to FERC. So is the implication that you expect to be able to announce some form of offtake agreements in the first half of next year?
Debbie Reed: Yes, let me have Mark go through that again to be sure that it's very clear what we're talking about. And also kind of the schedule at FERC, because you make a pre-filing and then you make the complete FERC filing. And so let's kind of walk you through what we're thinking.
Mark Snell: Yeah, I think where we're going to be is we will start the filing process at FERC with our application. And we would not expect at that moment in the first half of or the first quarter of 2015 to have agreements in hand. As I said before, actually firm agreements would not be done until we actually reached FID, which is a year or so down the road. But we might have indications of interest and I think you can – by the very nature of this project, the fact that Mitsubishi and GDF are our partners and they have agreed to move these process forward, they obviously have an interest in that capacity. So I think just by the nature of the players involved, you can see that there's interest in moving the project forward. But no one's has made a commitment yet to sign on and pay for the – to pay for these facilities to be built in a firm way. But we're going to move forward with the permitting process. We're going to get that started. We've authorized monies to be spent on development and we think the project looks very favorable compared to others that could be considered. So we're very optimistic that this project will move forward. It's certainly one of the lowest cost projects that you could possibly do in the region because it's an add-on to an existing project.
Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: So I think I understand. It's a point at which you get – when you get to the point where you'd be making the full FERC filing, at that point if you don't have some kind of nonbinding let's call it offtake agreements, you'd put the brakes on the project at that point?
Mark Snell: Yes, there's certainly a point if we thought that the interest in the facility was waning or that we couldn't reach a full FID decision, obviously we'd stop spending money on it. We're not in that position right now. We feel like it's got a lot of interest and we're willing to spend some development dollars on furthering that and bringing that – bringing the project to fruition. This is very, very similar to what we did on Cameron's one through three. It's really the same process.
Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: You announced the offtake agreements for trains one through three before the FID. So I guess I'm just trying to understand if we should expect a similar announcement of those agreements.
Mark Snell: Yes, before FID you'll have agreements that require FID as a condition precedent for those agreements going forward. But that's a very typical way that this would be done.
Debbie Reed: If you look back at Cameron one through three, what we had is kind of an MOU with the parties on the joint venture agreement and then the tolling agreement in that case. And then we went forward with some of the more costly developments to allow the FERC filing after we had that to make the full filing at FERC that is necessary for your permitting. It's the same type of process that we would be looking at here, whether it's offtake agreements for LNG or it's a tolling arrangement, we would look at having some type of MOU in place with interested parties before we started spending a lot of money.
Mark Snell: The only thing here is that we're a little further ahead because things like the tolling arrangements and all those agreements have already really been drafted once. They just need to be amended for the additional capacity.
Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then shifting gears to the MLP versus TRV debate. As you walk through the criteria, it really sounded to me like the TRV was the superior option on most of the criteria that you walked us through and largely because of the flexibility it provides. Is it fair to say that's the way you're leaning?
Debbie Reed: We're not leaning anywhere. I just made real clear because I could give you some reasons why the MLP would be interesting too. So what we're trying to do is really look at this without getting hooked on anything and really do kind of the step away, look at this from a Sempra shareholder perspective as what is the best decision and to take our time to do that and to have that completed by the end of the first quarter. So there's no leaning one way or the other. We're looking – all options are open for us right now and we're watching how things trade. We're watching how our growth goes and what kinds of assets that we think would be available for each vehicle if we decided to do a vehicle. All of that work is under way and we'll have that concluded by the first quarter.
Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: At the Analyst Day in the Spring I believe you said that your plan was to do an MLP and it was just kind of a matter of timing and that was before you start talking about the TRV option. Should we still be thinking of this decision in the first quarter as just which vehicle you're going to do or what's the likelihood that you decide to do nothing?
Debbie Reed: I'm not going to comment because we haven't decided. Like I said, there's really options on the table, all of those options are open right now and I don't ever recall saying that we were committed to doing one thing. We had looked at it. There had been a lot of interest in us doing it. We saw that we had assets that we thought would be very good assets for that type of structure and we still feel we have really good assets for either of these kinds of structures. So we'll make those decisions and inform you when we made the decisions after the first quarter.
Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And didn't mean to put words in your mouth, just one final follow-up to that. You kind of alluded to a pipeline of renewables projects that could contribute to growth if you go the TRV route. Could you just talk to us a little about what's in your renewables pipeline right now and if the pipeline, what is included in your current long-term guidance?
Debbie Reed: Yes. If you look at our renewables business, the areas where we still have a lot of opportunities for development are with our Copper Mountain facility and we can keep adding there. We also have rose month which we have actually are participating in some RFPs to develop that site right now. There are opportunities to expand some of the wind sites that we're in and we're looking at some of the additional phases on those wind sites. And so – and then we're always out in the market, looking at other opportunities for exciting new renewables. So we have projects that we keep working on. I think where we actually have some land positions we're in really great position to develop renewable projects in those sites.
Mark Snell: The only one you didn't mention was Mesquite, create a large facility at Mesquite that we could expand.
Operator: We'll go next to Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani – Morgan Stanley: Just two quick ones, on REX, did you note the potential for some additional opportunities outside of the Clarington west part of it? I think you noted some laterals there.
Debbie Reed: What I talked about is the Prairie State Pipeline that Telegraph [ph] and AGL have proposed that links in to REX. And if they're doing a nonbinding open season on that pipeline, that ties into REX and takes gas into kind of the hub of Chicago. And obviously if they get a lot of interest on that pipeline they're going to need upstream supply. And so we have – in the 2.4 Bcf of potential expansions for REX, there's two pieces. There's the piece of about 700 to 800 a day that's from additional compression and then the remainder of it would come from looping the line. And so to the degree that there's more downstream market for the gas, then we think that that gives us additional upstream opportunities on REX.
Rajeev Lalwani – Morgan Stanley: And then just switching over to Cameron four and five, as it relates to the FERC process, what drives the time line for approval and what's the potential for accelerating it, given that you've got Cameron one through three already approved?
Mark Snell: So if your question is on the regulatory side, how does the process work, I think the answer to that is that it – the FERC process will drive it and the DOE export process kind of will play off of the FERC process. Under this new regime, the DOE will consider only projects that have gone through a certain amount of the FERC process. One of the things that we talked about was that we may be able to accelerate the FERC process because we have trains one through three. We may be able to do what they call an environmental assessment as opposed to a full environmental impact report. And that could shorten the process by several months, really. And it would be a little bit cheaper, too. We don't know that we're going to be able to do that. We're looking at it. We're talking with our consultants on it. But that is one way that we could shorten the process a little bit. Does that answer your question?
Rajeev Lalwani – Morgan Stanley:  It does, Mark. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Faisal Khan with Citigroup.
Faisal Khan – Citigroup: Just going back to this MLP versus YieldCo. Is there any reason why you don't do both? The reason why I'm asking, is you don't know if you look down over the next four, five years if you're going to grow your midstream and natural gas and refined product exports, whatever you guys want to do, if you want to grow that asset base that's where the MLP works, if you're going to grow some of the stuff outside the U.S. and the renewable stuff then certainly YieldCo works. I'm just trying to figure out, it seems like we're talking about one versus the other but I'm just trying to understand if you couldn't do both.
Joe Householder: We think that either can work. I don't see us, and we said this for several years, I don't see us doing a separate YieldCo for our renewable business. Our renewable business is a nice business but it's not a big part of the business and I think that the YieldCo would be too small. It just wouldn't be sufficient of a vehicle and so I don't see us going down that path. But I think that the TRV vehicle or the MLP can work for us and that's why we're looking at both of them very hard.
Faisal Khan – Citigroup: Just on REX and Clarington West, I just want to make sure that was I thought contemplated to be a 2.4 Bcf a day expansion, I noticed in your slides it says TBD. Is that because it could be bigger or could be smaller?
Debbie Reed: It's largely because there's two pieces of it and we did the nonbinding open season and as I mentioned that we're in the final negotiations with the shippers that participated in that nonbinding open season. We'll announce that later. But if there's additional market pull in Chicago, that that may get all the way to the 2.4 and there's options, always options to expand beyond the 2.4 if you get to that. So how close we get to the 2.4, I think will be more visible to us over the next year.
Faisal Khan – Citigroup: And then just on the LNG strategy, you said that you guys are going to get reimbursed for the development cost for one and three. Did I hear that right on the call? Is that – how does that cash come back to you?
Debbie Reed: We did. When we went through the FID and through the lets call effective date which is when all the asset goes in and the financing is arranged and everything, then we did get reimbursed from our partners for our share of – or their share of the development cost. And then we also got their first contributions to their equity going in to match our equity which was our basically billion dollar asset that we put into the JV. So now we're starting – that's our equity contribution. They'll continue to make equity contributions until they get up to the levels to match our equity value. And then we’ve the sharing arrangement for all of the costs as we go forward.
Faisal Khan – Citigroup:  And then for the marketing of volume for trains four and five, how competitive is the environment today, the contracting environment? There's still other facilities out there, some of them Brownfield, some of them greenfield, that are still being developed and just want to understand sort of what you guys commercial inertia is right now in terms of finding customers?
Debbie Reed: I would say that the one thing that we found is that there is a lot of parties in the market. There have not been very many parties that have gotten through the process and into construction. And so the fact that you have a facility that is already being built, that can be expanded or that you've demonstrated your ability to get through all of those processes and get a facility in place, I think provides us a strong competitive advantage in the marketplace. There are a lot of players out trying to market that buyers really want certainty, because if they are contracting for long-term supplies on a certain date to be delivered, then they're counting on that gas to get there, that LNG to get there and they're not delighted with some of the projects that may never get done. So I think we're in a good position. I think, yes there is a lot of people out there marketing but I think we're in a very good position.
Faisal Khan – Citigroup: And then just in terms of what happens if one of your JV partners wanted to opt out of the expansions at four and five?
Mark Snell: Sure. There is provisions within our agreement that would allow the other partners to take over their position if we so choose to.
Faisal Khan – Citigroup: Okay. On a pro rata basis or just whoever wants is or – ?
Mark Snell: Yes, it's effectively pro rata.
Faisal Khan – Citigroup: Understood. And then last question from me, just with the stronger U.S. dollar, just trying to figure out if there's any sort of longer term impacts to your earnings from overseas?
Debbie Reed: Joe, do you want to discuss that? We have been seeing FX effects and that is something that we commented on and it's clearly impacted our South American businesses this year. What I would say is that if you look at those businesses, the growth and some of – we're able to offset some of the impact of FX by the growth in those businesses. But it has been an impact.
Joe Householder: We're really pleased with the continued growth we have in the customers and the energy sales in both countries, as Debbie just mentioned, and the utilities are performing as we expected them to and continue to grow. But this quarter the currency movement wasn't very significant but for the year in Chile a lot of that currency movement is offset the growth but not in Peru. In Peru the currency is more stable and we have really solid growth there. So overall between Chile, Peru and Mexico it hasn't been very material this year.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark Barnett with Morningstar Financial.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar Financial: Just wanted to make sure I didn't miss this. You mentioned the two Texas pipelines. Had you talked about the size of those and what that would be volumetric, I would say?
Debbie Reed: Yes actually, what I would refer you to, because it's a little bit confusing with all these pipelines that are being bid, if you go to slide 22 and 23 in your package it lists all of those pipelines. And the two in Texas, three and four on page 22 and it shows that both the mileage and the CapEx that was estimated by CFE, that's not our CapEx number, that's the CFE estimate of CapEx so that will help you look at all of those pipelines. And then the ones listed below, five through 17 are the ones that they've announced that they're going to be bidding in the near term. And you can see all of those are supposed to go in service by 2018, so they will need to bid them in the near term.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar Financial: On those CapEx numbers actually, with the estimates that are coming out from the government, are those coming I guess in practice on the ground as these first round of pipes are being constructed, how accurate are those figures?
Debbie Reed: Yes, I think it's not in our competitive interest to comment on their pricing estimates. So I would just say sometimes they're good, sometimes they're not so on track. And I'm not going to say anything more about it.
Debbie Reed: Well being that there are no further questions, thanks again for joining us today on Sempra's third quarter 2014 earnings call. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact our great IR team and have a wonderful day.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-07 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Vice President of Investor Relations Debra L. Reed - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Joseph A. Householder - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark A. Snell - President
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's second quarter 2014 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Martha Wyrsch, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Trevor Mihalik, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our second quarter 2014 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, August 7, 2014, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 3 and let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Rick, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. On this call, we will discuss our second quarter financial results and provide you with key operating and regulatory updates. This morning, we reported second quarter earnings of $269 million or $1.08 per share. Together with the outlook for the second half of the year, we expect to be at or above the midpoint of our 2014 guidance. Given our strong operating performance and success in delivering planned projects on schedule, combined with the progress we're making on capturing some of those additional development opportunities, we are on track to achieve our 9% to 11% growth rate through 2019. Notably, our Cameron Liquefaction project has achieved several key milestones, and we expect to begin construction this year as planned. On June 19, we received our FERC order, and yesterday, we executed the financing documents and made the final investment decision with our partners. In Mexico, IEnova is on schedule to place and service the first phases of the Sonora and Los Ramones pipelines by year-end. We are extremely proud that since January 2013, IEnova is the best performing IPO in the Americas and the second best-performing IPO worldwide. In Peru, commissioning of the Santa Teresa Hydro project will begin this month. In the U.S., REX East-to-West loads of 1.8 Bcf per day are now fully contracted. Also, this past week, we signed a power purchase agreement with Edison for a 94-megawatt expansion at our Copper Mountain Solar facility. On the regulatory front, our California utilities received a positive final PSEP decision in June. We are also continuing to work on the development projects that could provide additional upside to our 5-year plan and sustain our superior growth rate. Examples include LNG, natural gas pipelines, renewables and hydro in Peru and we will talk about these projects later in the call. Now let me hand things to Joe to discuss the second quarter results in more detail starting with Slide 4. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Sempra's second quarter consolidated earnings were $269 million or $1.08 per share. This compares to adjusted earnings of $258 million or $1.04 per share in the same quarter last year. Moving to guidance. As Debbie just mentioned, we now expect to be at or above the midpoint of our 2014 guidance of $4.25 per share to $4.55 per share. Let me elaborate a bit on what this guidance range includes. Consistent with our development and partnership model for renewables, we include the promote we recorded on the CMS 3 project in the first quarter and the promote we will record on ESJ next quarter for the formation of these joint ventures. We also now include the $9 million additional charge we recorded in the first quarter related to the SONGS settlement agreement. However, we do not include any possible gain on the sale of the remaining block of our Mesquite combined cycle power plant, nor do we include anything for the tax reform proposals being discussed in Chile. Before proceeding to earnings for each of the business units, I would like to also mention one timing-related factor I discussed on last quarter's call. Remember that in the first quarter of 2013, we recorded a $63 million deferred tax expense related to the IEnova IPO restructuring. In the first quarter of 2014, we recorded $12 million of estimated deferred tax expense to reflect a portion of the planned repatriation for this year. We recorded another $12 million of deferred tax expense in the second quarter of 2014. Our estimated annual tax rate reflects the recording of deferred tax expense each quarter in accordance with the full year as planned repatriation. Now let's turn to Slide 5 for details on SDG&E. At SDG&E, earnings for the second quarter were $123 million, up from adjusted earnings of $115 million in the second quarter of 2013. We are really very pleased with this result as the increase was due primarily to higher CPUC-based margin and improved operating performance. Please turn to Slide 6. For SoCalGas, second quarter earnings were $80 million. Compared with the second quarter of 2013, SoCalGas had $9 million in higher CPUC-based margin and improved operating results. Offsetting items included a higher tax benefit in the second quarter of last year and certain cost to our Pipeline and Safety Enhancement Plan, or PSEP. Specifically, we incurred $6 million of PSEP costs in prior periods that were denied recovery in the final PSEP decision. Now let's move to Sempra International on Slide 7. At our South American utilities, second quarter earnings were $42 million, up from earnings of $34 million in the second quarter of 2013. The increase was due in part to higher operating earnings from growth in customers and energy sales combined with reduced costs. In addition, we had a $4 million loss in the second quarter of last year from the sale of our investments in Argentina. For Sempra Mexico, second quarter earnings were $34 million versus earnings of $26 million in the same period last year. $11 million of AFUDC equity earnings in the second quarter largely accounts for this increase. As you will recall, we began recording AFUDC equity on the Sonora pipeline since it is an asset that has a regulated rate of return and qualifies for regulatory accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP. Partially offsetting the AFUDC earnings was the effect of foreign currency translation on deferred tax balances in the second quarter of 2013. Now please turn to Slide 8. At Sempra U.S. Gas & Power, the Natural Gas segment earned $4 million in the second quarter of 2014. Second quarter earnings are lower this year compared with last year due primarily to mark-to-market gains on our gas storage positions in the second quarter of 2013. Second quarter earnings for the Renewable segment were $18 million versus $15 million in the same period last year. The increase is largely attributable to higher operating performance and deferred tax benefits for assets currently being placed in service. With that, let me hand the call back to Debbie to discuss Slide 9.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Joe. Now we will give you an update on our major businesses starting with LNG. As I mentioned earlier, on June 19, we received the FERC order authorizing construction and operation of our Cameron Liquefaction project. In July, FERC provided Cameron with a notice to proceed on site separation activities. Now that all FERC hurdles have been cleared, the only remaining significant regulatory step is receipt of the final DOE non-FTA permit, and we expect to receive this permit and begin construction later this year as planned. Yesterday, with our partners, we also executed the financing documents and completed all requirements for making the final investment decision, commonly referred to as FID. Financing commitments for the project totaled $7.4 billion and will be provided by JBIC and a group of 29 international commercial banks, some of whom are insured by NEXI. Cameron received 16-year financing and highly competitive pricing due to the quality of its lenders, sponsors and customers. The transaction represents one of the largest project financings in U.S. history. Now please turn to Slide 10. At our Analyst Conference in March, we discussed our interest in growing our LNG business. We are continuing efforts in this area with an initial focus on expanding existing assets. For our Cameron facility, now that we have reached FID, we will begin working with our partners to complete the development plans and initiate the FERC process for trains 4 and 5. We believe the Cameron expansion will be one of the lower cost alternatives, especially when compared to greenfield development. Our ECA LNG plant in Mexico is also well situated from a market perspective as the only brownfield facility on the West Coast. We are focused on determining the critical path items that would influence the feasibility and size of a potential export facility at ECA. These include issues around gas supply and delivery, customer interest, existing contracts and regulatory requirements. A positive development is that Mexican energy reform legislation now includes a basic framework for private sector LNG export. In addition to ECA, we are assessing design options and feasibility for our potential Port Arthur facility in Texas. We will provide updates on our progress periodically and are optimistic about our ability to grow our LNG business with Sempra's existing assets and capabilities. Now please turn to Slide 11. Our U.S. Gas & Power business has 2 other projects update. On the REX pipeline, the 1.8 Bcf per day of existing East-to-West capacity is now fully contracted. REX put a portion of this capacity in service in June, and the full capacity will be in service by next summer. All of this capacity, except 0.2 Bcf per day, represents the capture of development opportunities additional to our 5-year plan. On July 31, U.S. Gas & Power also executed a power purchase agreement with Edison for a 94-megawatt expansion of our Copper Mountain Solar complex. For this project, we would expect to achieve commercial operation by the end of 2016 and have a 50% ownership share. Under the agreement, Edison would purchase power beginning in 2020. Now please turn to Slide 12. Moving to Sempra Mexico. The initial phases of the Sonora and Los Ramones pipelines are both on budget and on schedule to be in service by year-end. Each represents an investment of around $500 million. IEnova secured financing in June for the 155-megawatt ESJ wind project, and in July, they finalized the sale of 50% of the project to Energen. Regarding development projects under Mexico's 5-year infrastructure plan, official bid documents for the first 2 natural gas pipelines have been published. The first project is about 155 miles and will eventually connect with one of the proposed pipelines to be constructed in the United States. The second project is about 260 miles in northern Mexico. Tenders for these projects are due in October, and IEnova is preparing to participate in both bids. The 2 projects together would likely represent investments of over $1 billion. In addition to these 2 projects, 3 pipelines in the U.S. and 5 more pipelines in Mexico are planned to be tendered in 2014. Opportunities in other sectors will also be bolstered by the energy reform efforts that just passed. As one of the largest energy companies in Mexico, we are looking forward to the opportunities that energy reform will bring in sectors such as liquids transportation, gathering and processing, and power transmission. Now turning to Peru. We expect to begin commissioning of the 100-megawatt Santa Teresa Hydro project this month. Building upon our success with this project, we are exploring several additional hydro opportunities in the country. Luz del Sur has been granted a temporary concession on the hydropower project, Santa Teresa II, with a potential design capacity between 250 and 300 megawatts. We are progressing on environmental and feasibility studies and have begun conducting local outreach. Additionally, in southern Peru, we are assessing feasibility and design of 2 hydropower projects that can provide a combined capacity of around 350 megawatts. All 3 hydro projects are potentially large, technically sound investments, and we intend to make a decision on moving forward on these by early next year. Now please turn to Slide 13 for an update on our California utilities. SDG&E and SoCalGas have both been making important headway on several regulatory issues. On June 12, we received the final PSEP decision. The decision is favorable in that it adopts our overall implementation framework and approves a process for cost recovery and balancing account treatment, subject to a reasonableness review. This decision covers expenditures in populated areas, and consistent with what we reported at our analyst conference, capital expenditures are estimated to be about $1.5 billion through 2018. On July 25, we submitted a notice of intent to file the 2016 General Rate Cases for both SDG&E and SoCalGas. After CPUC staff reviews these submissions, the utilities expect to file an official application in the fourth quarter of 2014. The CPUC's final decision is scheduled for late 2015. Now let's finish by turning to Slide 14. In summary, we are on track for another strong year. We expect to be at the midpoint or higher of our 2014 earnings guidance. Our core businesses are performing well. We received a positive PSEP decision at our California utilities, and are on schedule with our major projects like Cameron LNG and our Mexican pipelines. We are also making great headway on some of our development opportunities. REX has additional contracted volumes and we are seeing many opportunities for growth emerging in both Mexico and Peru. With that, let me stop and take any questions that you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first, can we discuss REX here for a second, in the context of what's in the 5-year plan versus outside? Could you give us a little bit of a sense, what does 25% mean, just if you could define that? And then also regarding the non-binding open season, where is that shaking out as far as you've received interest, if you could comment a little bit more, if you wouldn't mind?
Debra L. Reed: Okay. I'll start, and we did put a slide in the package because we do understand the REX issues are kind of confusing. So if I could refer you to the slide and the slide number is 17. I think that would help you understand what's in and what's not in the plan. So let me kind of walk you through that. If you look at the Seneca lateral piece of that, that's 0.6 Bcf, and about 0.25 Bcf of that went into service in June of this year. That piece was in our plan. We expected that to happen. That was in our 5-year plan. But what has now been contracted is an additional $1.6 billion in addition to that, and that comes in over phases. The next phase of that is another $400 million or so that will come in at the end of this year and provide some upside to our plan in next year and beyond. And then the remaining 1.2 Bcf comes into service in the middle of next year. And that is, again, incremental to what we had in our 5-year plan. So this is a really positive thing for us, just with what we have under contract. In addition to that, there was a non-binding open season that was conducted in May, and that we're in negotiations with parties on the results of that. And we will announce the results of that when we've concluded those negotiations which are underway right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. Is there a timeline on the negotiations?
Debra L. Reed: I would say within the next couple of months, we would anticipate something coming out.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then...
Debra L. Reed: And again, I would just say, none of that was in the plan. So whatever that is, that was not in the plan either.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Excellent. And then moving back to the LNG side of the equation. Could you comment a little bit on where you stand on incremental contracts for both of the projects, 4, 5 and ECA? And perhaps specifically, kind of where you sit in the decision, FTA versus non-FTA?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, what I'm going to do is I'll just give you a high level, and then I'm going to turn it to Mark to go through kind of project-by-project and what we're looking at there. I would say, the great thing that we have is that when we look at our Cameron facility, it is a very commercially-viable facility. It's -- we think, it's really well positioned in the marketplace, and we also believe our ECA facility would be very well positioned in the marketplace. So a lot of effort is underway to look at kind of the next steps at those facilities, and then we have this wonderful location with Port Arthur, and what might we be able to do with that. So we are very focused on kind of the next steps, and let me turn it to Mark to talk a little bit about that.
Mark A. Snell: Okay. Well, with respect to Cameron, I think, as Debbie says, a great facility. I think the thing I would add to that, too, is the partners in this -- in the facility are world-class trading partners with extensive LNG businesses. So while we have not signed contracts yet for trains 4 and 5, we're really just beginning, just starting to think about that as we have completed FID and move forward with the constructions of trains 1 through 3. So I think that the next step for us is to talk with our partners, decide how much capacity everybody would like, and then to see if we're going to market any of it out to other parties. And that hasn't really begun yet, but I think that is something that will be in the works now that we're moving forward with FID. And I would just say with that facility too is there are -- the big point here is that, that facility, along with our ECA facility being brownfield sites, obviously, have a cost advantage and a construction advantage over any of the greenfield sites. So it's our expectation that the market will look to brownfield sites, ours included, but also including others and expansion of those existing facilities, first, before they really look at a lot of greenfield opportunities. With respect to ECA, we are undergoing studies right now to determine the amount of gas that's available for the facility and the cost of delivering that gas into the facility. And then once we kind of determine that, which we think will take us towards the end of this year, once we determine that, we'll lay out some plans for the size of the facility and start marketing to customers. We have a lot of customer interest, and we don't think that acquiring customers will be a big issue, but we haven't started that marketing yet because we haven't sized the facility, but we're in the process of looking at the parameters to do that. And then with respect to Port Arthur, another -- it's a great site, it is a greenfield site. We think the advantage of Port Arthur is that it's such a large site and has such good water access that the possibility of doing things beyond just LNG are there. We can -- there's other -- it's actually been proposed in the past as a crude terminal and other types of activities, and we think those activities could coexist with LNG, making it, in the long run, one of the more cost-effective greenfield sites in the country. So those are all, kind of, positives and where we're going, and then did you, Debbie, you want to comment on the process?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. You asked the question, Julien, about the DOE, non-conditional FTA. And going through the conditional FTA was really where the review, the extensive review occurred with DOE. So we would anticipate in the next few months to see the DOE, non-conditional FTA. We've seen, recently, other companies get their conditional FTAs. We haven't seen any change in criteria, so we would expect that to be coming out in the next couple of months. And then, that would allow us to begin, really, full construction on the site. But we are doing some site preparation activities. We've gotten the authority from FERC to be able to do that. And so, we're, actually, working on the site right now.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: A couple questions. First, just with the final financing terms and the like, are all the numbers you've given for Cameron 1 through 3 still, kind of, right in line with what you've said before?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We did -- and I think a couple of things, Steve. We've given you the range of $9 billion to $10 billion. We're still in that range. And we looked at the financing, the financing came in very competitively, as I mentioned in my comments. What we're looking at now is, at the $10 billion range, being somewhere towards the middle of the range that we've given you, for the first few years of operation. And then as the loan starts to be amortized, we would anticipate that, over time, the annual earnings would be $400 million or so. So $300 million to $350 million is still a range we would see being closer to the midpoints of that range in the first few years of operation, and then we would see being in excess of $400 million after the loan starts to amortize.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then just -- what's the -- just to set expectation, what's a reasonable timeframe to think about potential contracting of trains 4 and 5?
Debra L. Reed: I can't really answer that question. I will tell you that it's something that is a big focus for us, and that we're going to put a lot of energy into it, just like we did getting Cameron done. But that -- you got to get -- you got to do the same things we went through Cameron. And the good thing is we've been through the FERC process on that site, so it's not a new site to go through the FERC process. So, kind of, telling you a timeframe on that, I can't tell you. I'm hoping it would be expedited because we've already been through the FERC process on that site, but I really can't give you a timeframe at this point.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then just one last question on the -- you've given your 3 kind of scenario options on MLP back at the Analyst Day. Any new thinking on those 3 options or is it pretty consistent with what you said then?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, let me have Joe talk about that because we continue to do work in this area. And clearly, with the situation with REX being as positive as it is, we constantly are looking at that. So let me ask Joe to hit that.
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie, and Steve, thanks for the question. As she said, it's some subject that we spend a fair amount of time on because it's very important to us and to the shareholders. And we're looking at the MLP space and the YieldCo space, actually, and the ones that have the highest visible growth, particularly, with large drop-down portfolios, those have the lowest yields and the potential for the highest value. And so let me tell you a little bit more about that we really are doing. We're continuing to evaluate the value proposition and we're studying the legal and financial aspects of both the MLP and the YieldCo space. And as we've noted before, having the clear growth strategy for the business is a critical element. So we're very excited about our growth at Sempra and focused on executing, as Debbie said, on all these projects that we're doing. At the same time, we're focused on getting the best market value for the shareholders on this growth and that current MLP YieldCo structure offer good opportunity for that. So we haven't made a decision at this time, which of the structures is exactly the right one, but we are very focused on it and looking at it and continuing to evaluate all of these opportunities.
Debra L. Reed: I would just add to that. We'll look at that in conjunction also, with the timing, and as I've said before, part of the analysis is looking at, with an asset as valuable as Cameron, how does the timing set, with splits and things like that? So all of that kind of analytical work is part of our assessment.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Greg Gordon of ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: The first couple of questions checked a lot off my list so I'll try to be brief. I'll probably fail, but I'll try to be brief. So thinking about when the revenues are rolling in on the stuff that's not in your plan. You've been very clear that 2015, 2016, there's 1 point more Bcf a day of revenue opportunity off of the REX backhaul that wasn't in the plan. Should we assume that -- should the Clarington West open season become a commercially viable opportunity that, that would hit in the second half of '15? Or is it hitting the first half of '16 in terms of incremental revenue? What's the timing assumed on the current path to bringing that into the revenue line?
Debra L. Reed: The timing on the current path is sometime in the middle of 2015 as that is -- it's expected to go in service. And I think, just go through the increments again to be sure the numbers that you have are consistent. We have $200 million to $250 million in service now, and that was in the plan. We add, incrementally, $350 million to $400 million at the end of this year, and that's additive to the plan. And then, we would add the remainder to get to the $1.8 billion, which is another $1.2 billion in the middle of next year some time.
Joseph A. Householder: And I think you might have been asking [indiscernible].
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: [indiscernible] on the Clarington West?
Debra L. Reed: And then on the Clarington West, the timeframe on that is not certain because with that -- a lot of that has to do with how you design it, and what the volumes are and how you design it. So we don't know what the timeframe of that would be.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Right. And Clarington West, if it's successful, would require more capital investment than the Seneca lateral and the $1.2 billion that you've already signed up, correct?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. There would be compression for one piece of it, and then there would be looping for the other piece of that. And for what we've done so far, the capital is really not very large at all, I think it was like $70-some-odd million, $80 million.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And the maximum size of Clarington West was another $2.4 billion? Is that -- or am I overstating it?
Debra L. Reed: No, that's right. That was the maximum size if you do compression and looping.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then, I have one question back on the utility. You gave guidance for a range of earnings for SoCalGas of $360 million to $390 million in 2015 at your Analyst Day. I'm wondering, as you now are analyzing the rate decisions you've gotten, for instance, the PSEP decision, where you think you would come out inside that range?
Debra L. Reed: Well, the ranges that we gave you in March of this year, we would anticipate being in those ranges for SoCalGas.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rajeev Lalwani of Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First is just a clarification. Joe, when you said earlier you're looking at different options for structures, were you saying that you're considering doing a YieldCo and having Cameron be a part of that?
Joseph A. Householder: I was saying that we're open -- we're looking at all of that. We're trying to determine what vehicle might, exactly, be the best, and we are keeping our options open as to what the right vehicle is. So at this point, it's open.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, hypothetically, if you did go, sort of, down the YieldCo-type route, what other assets in your portfolio do you think would fit well? Obviously, you've got the renewables, but do any other assets come to mind?
Joseph A. Householder: That would be probably the primary asset other than the ones that we've spoken about before that would go into an MLP.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. What about some of the, like the Latin American assets you have. There have been a couple of YieldCos with those type of assets.
Joseph A. Householder: We've spoken about it a little, we haven't really done much analysis on it. It's a lot more complicated, obviously. And inside the utility, it probably wouldn't fit that well, but it's certainly something that we are keeping an open mind about.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then in terms of -- there was a pipeline that was bid, I think, in Peru a couple of months back, and I think you were disqualified or there were some sort of issues. I was hoping you can provide an update there and just some color on what happened?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I'm going to have Mark talk about what happened with that.
Mark A. Snell: Okay. Well, what happened was we were in a competitive bidding situation and we were in a consortium with other bidders -- I mean, with other participants in our consortium. And one of our members at the last -- kind of, at the last moment decided to change ownership percentages, and that caused us to have a technical disqualification. And so our bid was rejected, although we did open it publicly and announced it, and it was the best bid, it was the low bid, so I think would have won. And it was just unfortunate that we had this, sort of, technical problem that caused our bid to be disqualified. But I think it gave us a lot of encouragement in the sense that having gone through this process on this pipeline, and there's other projects coming up, that we were obviously very competitive. We came up with the lowest price. We think we had a better route and a better approach to the project. And so I think we're sort of emboldened to think that we're going to be very -- quite competitive in the future. It's unfortunate we have this little setback. But I think, moving forward, we look upon this, our group, as positively, as one that we can win projects down there.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question, if I can. In terms of thinking about the potential economics for an ECA or -- under Cameron 4 and 5, how similar or dissimilar would it be to Cameron 1 through 3, both in terms of the equity investment, as well as the return potential?
Mark A. Snell: Well, I'll take that. This is Mark. Obviously, the expansion is less expensive per ton of production than even the brownfield conversion to a certain extent. As you get bigger and bigger, then you start -- then it becomes less effective because you might have to add tankage and stuff. But with what we're considering, I think we would be very cost competitive. So the cost wouldn't be -- would be less than what we're currently contemplating, and I think that's what going to make it very attractive. We would expect similar kinds of returns as we would get. So I think that we would probably share those efficiencies with the market to make sure that we can sell the capacity. So I think those are all positives. And then with respect to ECA, a little different facility there, a little different footprint. But I think, roughly speaking, the economics are somewhat the same, but ECA would likely be a smaller facility or will be a smaller facility.
Debra L. Reed: Before I take another question, I just wanted to comment on something back on the REX sheet to be sure everyone was clear. On the sheet that we have at 17, it says 25% of the volumes. I just want to remind everyone that we own 25% of REX. So when we're talking about 1.8 Bcf and 2.4 Bcf, not all of that flows to Sempra. I think you all know that, but I just don’t want to mislead anyone. Okay. We're ready for the next question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matt Tucker of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I guess, I wanted to ask about Mexico first and how you feel about your chances on these 2 CFE pipeline bids and if you could comment on how the competitive environment for these bids compares to other pipeline opportunities that you've gone after there recently?
Debra L. Reed: Well, I'll just start by saying that we are really excited about the opportunities in Mexico, and the good thing that we have is we have the infrastructure there, we have the team there, we have the ability to get pipes to the job, we have all of that because we've done projects. So I think that, that -- why competition is probably going to be higher than we saw in the past. I think also being on the ground with the projects that we already have there provides us a great competitive advantage in terms of our ability to show that we can deliver on these projects. And then we have the 2 projects coming in this year that are on schedule, on budget, and there are not very many companies that have that kind of proven track record. So I think we're in really good position to compete, and there's a lot of projects that are going to come out, and we're going to be, as we have in the past, selective of which ones we bid on, the ones that we feel we can be most competitive.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great, thanks. And then just circling back to Cameron. You mentioned you expect the final DOE approval within the next couple of months. I guess, what's, kind of, holding that up, and what issues are they still considering? I kind of felt that like would be somewhat automatic. So maybe you could comment on that.
Debra L. Reed: Well, like I said within the next couple of months. I mean, we're not sure. It could happen soon, it could happen -- as DOE is looking at it, I think that one of the considerations was what kind of comments would come in on the FERC issue. And since that appears to have been that there were no comments that were filed timely, that, that may change how DOE focuses on it. Certainly, Senator Landrieu has already sent a letter that was made public asking DOE to act quickly on this. And as I said, it's not stopping us from getting on site right now and doing some of that pre-work. But the sooner we can get it, the better. So we're very anxious to have DOE act quickly and hope they will.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then with respect to the possible expansion. I guess, I just wanted to ask about the construction side of that. If, hypothetically, you were able to secure commitments and were able to get the permitting process, would you be able to start construction on trains 4 and 5 before trains 1 through 3 are completed, or would you have to wait until, really, 2019 to even start construction?
Debra L. Reed: No. I'm going to have Mark talk about how that might unfold.
Mark A. Snell: No, I mean, it really -- they have to be kind of done sequentially. And it's not just the construction issue, but also the terms of the financing require us to finish the projects that are being financed first. So unless we redid some of the financing, we -- it's -- they have to be done sequentially.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So we'd be talking about something like a 2020-type timeframe, the earliest, 2021 maybe for those to come online?
Mark A. Snell: Yes, it could be a little shorter than that. I mean, one of the things we are doing, we are constantly looking at the construction schedule and the construction that we're doing and we, kind of, call it a no-regrets construction policy, which is we're anticipating further expansion as we build. So there are certain things that we can kind of pre-build into the process so that we don't have to go back and redo it. So I think we can save some time there. So it may not be quite as long a timeframe as trains 1 through 3, but it would probably be sequential.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then just looking at the 3 LNG expansion opportunities. You discussed Cameron, ECA and Port Arthur. Would you be able to, kind of, rank those in terms of both the probability and the, kind of, timeline between those 3 projects?
Mark A. Snell: Well, I think the reality is the expansion of Cameron is probably up there. It's probably first, but very close behind is ECA, and that's, probably, almost a push as to which one could go first. Probably -- actually, ECA could start earlier than the expansion. So I think both of those are, kind of, at least, equal. And then Port Arthur, because it's a greenfield facility, obviously, would take longer to develop, and it could be quite a big facility. So that's further down the road. I'd kind of -- but I'd keep ECA and Cameron, kind of, neck and neck.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I want to ask about the good old-fashioned utilities. When you think about -- right, like nobody's asking, and you have really, really, really strong utilities. When you're thinking about the rate cases, how material? Meaning, how big of a number are we talking about in terms of either requested revenue change or a percentage rate change if you're the -- I don’t know, if you're the intervenor looking at it from the other side?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, actually, I think that's the real positive that we have. If you look at SDG&E as example, our filed notice of intent to file the rate case set forth a number of $168 million increase. And on a combined electric and gas build, that's about 1.4%. And then on SoCalGas, we're looking at a $290 million increase, and that's about 5.5% increase in a bill. But I will remind you that in both cases, the bills are already much lower than the national average. So I think that we have operated our utilities efficiently over time. I think there's a benefit in that and going in to these rate cases and asking for what we really need to operate those businesses very efficiently and have it not be huge increases in customer rates.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one question on Clarington West, kind of, the part that you're still trying to figure out, you and your co-owners are just still trying to figure out what to do with. What's the timeline for the open seasons there? And I want to make sure I understood this, what would be the potential, kind of, range of capital requirements from your perspective?
Debra L. Reed: Okay, Mike, I'll answer the first and then I'll ask Mark to talk about the capital requirements under the different phases, if that's public and -- when I'm not sure, I guess, that's not public information. So I won't answer that part of your question. But I will answer the first part of your question. The non-binding open season went out in May and now, we're in negotiations with participants in that non-binding open season relative to contractual commitments. So however long it takes to secure those is the kind of timeframe that we're looking at. And that's why I said I think we would anticipate something in the next couple of months most likely.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christopher Turnure of JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Did you guys give more color on the timing of the rest of the 2014 RFPs for the Mexico pipelines? There's a lot left in there besides just the 2 that are out there already, and it looks like each one individually will take a couple months at least from start to finish.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, there's 2 that are outstanding right now, and then there's 5 more that they've announced to come out of this year, and that's what's been indicated, and that's in the pipeline side. But I would also focus you on -- there's other areas of opportunity like transmission. And so, Mark why don't you hit, kind of, what we see over the next few months?
Mark A. Snell: Okay. I think, well, like Debbie said, there's 2 out right now, and we're actively working on those bids. And then the next 5 that are coming out of those, 2 big ones are in the United States that are for CFE. Those will be, probably, hotly contested just because they are the MLPs and everybody can compete with those. So we expect that to be -- have more bidders than the ones in Mexico. But we do believe that we have some unique things, properties that we can bring to the bid, to our bid, and then -- and I think that we can try to -- we can be competitive, and we should have a good chance to do that. And we've had a long history, obviously, working with the CFE, so I think that should bode well in our favor. But then there's -- and then beyond that, there is a whole list of pipeline opportunities that are scheduled to come in -- to come out in the first half of '15. And obviously, we're even beginning to look at some of those and be prepared for those. But there is, certainly, a long list of opportunities on the natural gas pipeline side. But then we also have -- there are electric transmission projects and power generation projects, also product lines for PEMEX. So I mean, I think, the story here is that energy reform in Mexico is going to produce billions and billions of dollars of capital opportunities for companies that have a history of operating in Mexico, and our positioning with our IEnova subsidiary makes us probably the premier energy company to bid on these competitive projects. We're the second largest energy company in Mexico behind PEMEX, and we're really the hometown incumbent there. So I think we feel very good about our chances of being successful and participating in this reform, and we certainly look forward to continuing to grow our business down there.
Debra L. Reed: And just to, kind of, add a flavor of the big numbers we're talking about over time. As part of the infrastructure program that the Mexican government has announced, they've announced 15 generation projects worth $13.6 billion, 17 gas pipelines for $13.1 billion, and 7 electric transmission lines for $1.7 billion. So you're talking about tens of billions of dollars of investment in Mexico. And they're moving forward on it. So we think this is going to be a great opportunity area for us.
Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just on cash repatriation. You guys have, I guess, some potential incremental opportunities in Peru after the failure of that initial RFP for the pipeline there, and then certainly all of the opportunities in Mexico. Will there be any pause that you contemplate with brining cash back here as a result of those and how should we think about that and, kind of, what's contemplated in guidance through, I guess, 2018 now, with the repatriation?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, what we've had in our plan and what we continue to have in our plan is repatriating $300 million a year. And that -- we look at that based upon the needs of capital in those countries. As we've told you before, we have a lot of debt capacity left, and so that's what we would go to first. And then, we have the ability to issue equity in those 2 countries. We would look at that as well. So right now, what we're planning on is still the $300 million a year repatriation.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kit Konolige of BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: On the possibility of the MLP/YieldCo that, obviously, has been a hot topic that you've talked about and we have asked you about. Any further thinking on any kind of bridge assets that could be put into a hypothetical MLP, let's say, before Cameron was up and running? If I understood you correctly, in the past, REX alone as it was envisioned -- you wouldn't really have considered sufficient to be the, kind of, the lead-off batter for the MLP for that length of time.
Debra L. Reed: I'll have Joe talk about this. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder: Kit, while we haven't made any decisions at this point about the exact timing or asset composition, I will remind you, what we talked about on the first quarter, the things that are going on at REX that we talked about today and last quarter are really exciting because it does give us additional cash flow starting in the middle of next year that we can use in this regard. However, I did note that because we have a 25% interest in REX, it can't be the only asset that goes in there because of some 40 Act issues, so we need other assets. So what we've talked about is using some of the cash flow from REX, using -- as we get further along, obviously, the cash flows from Cameron, and now that we have FID, that puts us in great stead for that. But we have some additional cash flows from our LNG facility in Mexico that, actually, are in the U.S. and we would use those. We have some other, a little bit of midstream asset revenues not including the storage that we would put in there. And then if we did something broader, we could also include renewable revenues. But I think, given what's happened with REX, given that we now have FID, I think we have a mix of assets that we can use, as you call, sort of, a bridge to do something between now and 2018, 2019.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: So what should we assume is the earliest that you could do something given the mix that you see in front of you there? Is it some time in '15 or '16?
Joseph A. Householder: As I started out to say, we haven't made any decisions at this point about the exact timing, so more to come.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Okay, we'll stay tuned there.
Joseph A. Householder: I'll say one other thing. Obviously, we talked about the CFE pipelines in the U.S, Mark spoke about that, and we think we have a good opportunity to capture some of that. That would be an additional help that would get us there.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right. And speaking of assets that are being bid out in Mexico. Are -- is it your idea that IEnova would be the owner as those assets are billed or, let's say, for ECA, would there be a different company?
Debra L. Reed: Now everything that's located physically in Mexico would be an IEnova position. As Joe said, there are some contracts that relate to gas that are not -- that are tied to ECA but are U.S. assets. Those would remain in the U.S. But to the degree that we developed ECA, to the degree that we're doing pipelines in Mexico, those would be Mexican assets under IEnova. To the degree that some of these Mexican bid pipelines occur in the U.S., those would not be part of IEnova.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right. One last question on tax rate. You had some discussion earlier about how the tax rate varies quarter-to-quarter depending on what's repatriated and, obviously, other factors going on, several moving parts. How should we think about the tax rate, say, an annual tax rate over the next few years? Is it going to be pretty steady for estimation purposes?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, over the next several years. This year, it will be just a little under 30, and over the next several years, in the low-30s. Pretty stable.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Barnett of Morningstar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Sorry to jump back into the LNG. You've been talking about it a lot today. I really appreciate all of your comments on it. Just wondering, it seems the agreement or the nature of the agreement for Cameron is a pretty successful one. If you are going to be moving forward with ECA or with the new Port Arthur facility, are you going to be looking for, kind of, a similar ownership structure?
Debra L. Reed: That is yet to be determined. And we'll look at the option that makes sense for each of those facilities. We have great respect and have worked really well with the partners that we have at Cameron, but that model doesn't have to continue on, and we would be looking at what model would make sense for us at each of the facilities.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Meaning, it's possible by the time you're ready to make that decision, you might feel comfortable taking on a project like that on your own?
Debra L. Reed: It depends on what kind of contracts we had. And all of that -- all I can say is it really depends. I would not preclude it, but it would have to also fit within our Sempra risk profile, and that's what we would look at.
Mark A. Snell: Yes, I would say the thing that we would be focused on is that it would be fully contracted.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And just one smaller thing. At the Analyst Day, you also mentioned the opportunity for some re-gas, maybe in Hawaii. Obviously, not maybe as large an opportunity as some of the stuff you mentioned this quarter, but just wondering if that's something you have an idea about, maybe the capacity that, that market might demand eventually? And that's probably, I would guess, a lower priority than any of the projects that you've spent so much time discussing, already, today?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I would say, I'm going to have Mark talk about it. But I would say, one potential customer probably for ECA would be Hawaii so...
Mark A. Snell: Yes, look, I think, the reason we mentioned it is because there is, obviously, a real need there, and this is one of those interesting situations where bringing LNG into the island would do -- would have 2 beneficial effects. One, it would be a much cleaner burning fuel source for electricity because they're using fuel oil now. And two, it would actually lower their costs because they would go from a crude-based pricing to a natural gas-based pricing. So it's really got a double benefit and a clear need, and we think the desire on the part of the Hawaiian -- of the state government and the local utilities there to move with this direction. So we think there's going to be an opportunity there, and ECA is the natural, logical supply source. So that's why it was mentioned. We don't have an agreement. We don't have -- well, we've been talking to them. We think that there's a possibility, someday, of working something out, but we don't have anything. We don't have anything firm.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: A lot of my questions have been answered, but just -- I wanted to clarify something on the DOE process. The Chris Smith proposal to, sort of, accelerate the -- to streamline the process and have them deal with the approvals at the end of -- other regulatory agency approvals. I'm sorry if I missed this, what is your expectation in terms of how that's going to proceed?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we think that's moving forward, and we're very positive on that. I mean, what we've seen in the queue is that we spent a lot of money going through the FERC process, and that it doesn't cost that much to go through the DOE process for our company, but they can block you in terms of timing for the queue. And that, we really like the idea of the FERC process, kind of, becoming the driver because that's what requires all the engineering, all the environmental work, all the things to really make the business decision on the facility. And we think that this change in process will actually help us in terms of the development of additional size for trains because we've gone through that process. And there -- I will tell you, it is a stringent process, and you can see now that are not very many companies that have made it through the whole FERC process. In fact, we're the first one that made it through the whole EIS process. So we think it's an advantage to us, as a developer, having had the experience with that for them to make those modifications.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Because the reason why bring it up is that, as I'm sure you're aware, API and others made comments that seems to be critical of that path. And I guess, you guys just have a different perspective on it. I'm just wondering if there's a simple -- I don’t want you to go into anything elaborate, but I'm just wondering, is there a simple reason for that or...?
Debra L. Reed: Well, [indiscernible] your level of seriousness on these projects is tied to the FERC process. And so, that your expenditures and your level of seriousness -- and with the process that DOE was using with every few months one coming out, you could have projects that may not get developed, may not get the financing, may not have the customers, and have not even begun the FERC process move ahead in the queue because they filed something that didn't cost them anything really to file. And so we think the FERC process, really, drives your true commitment because when you file at FERC, you have invested a lot to get there. And so we're supportive of what DOE is looking at.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, I think I understand the difference. And then on the -- just in general, we've seen some real changes in the global LNG and gas market, et cetera. And I'm just wondering, where things stand now. And obviously, you guys have a competitive advantage with the respect to recent brownfield and stuff. Just in general, what's your thought about, ultimately, how much LNG is actually exported from the country? Or is that -- I'm saying in terms of just any market dynamic outlook, did that change at all from previously, when we've talked about this? Or I'm just, sort of, wondering, when we look at this -- like you said, it seems like everybody's brother's is announcing something, and of course a lot of it isn't, probably, going to happen. I'm just wondering if you could maybe give a little bit of flavor as to how you see the recent changes in the gas markets globally?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I'll ask Mark to talk more about this. But what I would say is that all depends on what the relative cost in the market is. And I mean, some of the projects that we're doing now, which are brownfield projects, are very cost competitive. One of the advantages that you have in the U.S. or that you would have in Mexico is that you have an infrastructure, and then a lot of these other places, where they're having to build their LNG facility, they're having to build the pipeline infrastructure, they're having to access the resources to the supply. There's different hurdles that go with it. So we think that our country is really well positioned on this. And it's hard to say how much of that global market we get. I do think that we can be very competitive in that global market because of some of those issues. Mark?
Mark A. Snell: Yes, I would say in the near term, say between now and 2020 to 2022, you'll see the development of, probably, the brownfield facilities because those will be the most cost-effective and that could be somewhere in the neighborhood of 7 Bcf to -- just call it 8 to 10 Bcf a day. And I think that's what is probably likely to happen, and then given the size -- and then, I think it'll probably depend a lot on how much the world market is going to grow. I mean, right now we're talking about -- there's some estimates out there that the market for LNG could double over the next 10 or 15 years in the world market, and that, obviously, would create additional opportunities for gas-producing countries. But we've said all along that we don't -- we think other gas-producing countries, especially, ones like Qatar and others that have low-cost reserves, are going to be competitive in this market and they're not just going to seed market share to the U.S. or Canada or the North American market in general on a whim. So at the end of the day, I think, there will be a demand for diversity of supply, which will include North America, and we're going to see other projects get developed and get built. We believe some of those will be ours. But at the end -- but it isn't an unlimited market and clearly, I think we're not approaching it, and I think responsible developers are not going to approach this with the idea that it's never-ending. And so you'll see a lot of proposed facilities, but at the end of the day, we think the actual ones that come online are the ones that will have sold their capacity. And that capacity market is going to be -- it's going to be looking for diversity, it's going to be looking for certainty of supply, and that bodes well for the North American market, and so I think it'll continue to grow. But it's going to be 2022 kind of 10 Bcf a day sort of market and kind of grow from there.
Debra L. Reed: I also would say that there's just a lot of things that have been happening in some of the international gas markets that are affecting us. Clearly, what's happening in Russia has a big effect. China just announced that their development of their shale is not progressing as they had anticipated, and it's going much slower and much lower production rates and more expensive. And so I think, those factors will play out over the next 3 to 5 years, where you have greater visibility in those areas, which have a lot of impact on what happens to the LNG market as well.
Debra L. Reed: Thank you, all, very much. As always, we have a top-notch Investor Relations team, and that they are there to answer any follow-up questions that you have following our call today. So if you have any additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations group. And thank you so much for joining us today on the call.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-02 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Richard Vaccari – VP, IR Debra Reed – Chairman and CEO Joseph Householder – EVP and CFO Mark Snell – President
Analysts:  Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Gabe Moreen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Faisel Khan – Citi Kit Konolige – BGC Financials Mark Barnett – Morningstar Inc. Vedula Murti – CDP Capital 
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy First Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard Vaccari: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today we’ll be discussing Sempra Energy’s First Quarter 2014 Financial Results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Martha Wyrsch, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Trevor Mihalik, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company’s most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. It’s important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our first quarter 2014 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I’d also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, May 2, 2014, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to slide 3 and I let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra Reed: Thanks, Rick, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Before I get started off I’d like to thank those of you who attended our March Analyst Conference in San Diego and those of you who also participated in the webcast. It was a great opportunity for us to discuss our strategy for achieving a 9% to 11% growth rate and the numerous additional projects in development that could provide upside to our plan. On today’s call we will discuss our first quarter financial results and provide you with several operational and regulatory updates. Earlier this morning we reported first quarter adjusted earnings of $256 million, or $1.03 per share. Our first quarter earnings were in line with our growth expectations and consistent with our full year of 2014 guidance. On our Cameron liquefaction project we are happy to announce that FERC completed its environmental review process and published the final environmental impact statement on April 30th. We are now awaiting the final FERC permit which we should receive this summer. This is an important milestone and we expect to be the second U.S. LNG Export Project to begin construction. Consistent with our 50-50 partnership model for renewables we successfully completed the sale of a 50% interest in our Copper Mountain Solar 3 facility during the quarter. Additionally on April 21st, we announced a partnership agreement for our ESJ wind-generation project in Mexico. On the California regulatory front SDG&E and Southern California Edison reached an important settlement agreement with key parties that was approved by the CPUC to resolve all outstanding cost issues on the SONGS plant closure. We have also received the proposed decision on our pipeline safety enhancement program. We will provide further details on all of these developments later in the call. Now let me hand things to Joe to discuss the first quarter results in more detail starting with slide four. Joe?
Joseph Householder: Thank you Debbie. As you mentioned the first quarter financial performance was strong and in line with our growth expectations. We reported first quarter consolidated earnings of $247 million or $0.99 per share. Excluding a $9 million revision to the loss on the SONGS plant closure we reported adjusted earnings of $256 million or $1.03 per share. This compares to earnings of $178 million or $0.72 per share in the same quarter last year. In comparing first quarter performance year-over-year remember that first quarter earnings in 2013 did not include $29 million of earnings from our California utilities as a result of the general rate case delay. In Feb these earnings were recorded in the second quarter of 2013 after SDG&E and SoCalGas received their rates case decisions. 2013 first quarter earnings were also impacted by several other items including a $44 million gain on the sale of a portion of the Mesquite Power plant. In addition we recorded a $63 million deferred tax expense in the first quarter last year related to the IEnova IPO restructuring. In the first quarter of 2014 we recorded $12 million of estimated deferred tax expense to reflect only a portion of the planned repatriation for the year. However our estimated annual tax rate includes an expectation that we will record additional deferred tax throughout the year to reflect our plant repatriation for 2014. Now let me turn to our earnings guidance. First I would note that the impact of the SONGS settlement was not in our original guidance. Still we are reaffirming our 2014 guidance per share at $4.25 to $4.55 including the $9 million or $0.04 per share of SONGS impact. Also last month the President of Chile presented a tax reform proposal to the Congress that would increase the corporate tax rate from 20% to 25% and apply a 10% additional shareholder tax when profits are earned rather than distributed. The higher proposed taxes are likely to be enacted this year although the final rules have not yet been determined. We expect the proposal would phase in the higher corporate tax rate over a four year period beginning in 2014 and change the shareholder level tax starting in 2017. In the quarter the [innate] tax changes enacted we will record changes to deferred tax liabilities impacted by the change. None of these potential impacts to the proposed Chilean tax reform is in our guidance, as additional details were pending and the timing of enactment is uncertain. Now please turn to slide five for details on SDG&E. First quarter adjusted earnings for SDG&E were equal to $108 million and excludes a $9 million revision to the loss on the SONGS plant closure that resulted from the settlement agreement. In a year-over-year comparison first quarter 2013 earnings were $17 million lower due to the general rate case delay. In the first quarter of 2014 $4 million in higher CPUC based margin and improved operational performance largely offset $6 million of lower earnings from both the reduced FERC authorized return on equity and the loss to SONGS rate base earnings. Now please move to SoCalGas on slide six. The SoCalGas first quarter earnings were equal to $78 million. As with SDG&E first quarter 2013 earnings for SoCalGas were $12 million lower due to the rate case delay. First quarter earnings last year were also reduced by $3 million of gas pipeline integrity expenses that were not recovered in rates in the first quarter. Instead those expenses were recovered in the second quarter of 2013 under the rate case decision and all ongoing costs are now fully balanced. In the first quarter of 2014 SoCalGas had $11 million in higher CPUC base margin and improved operational results. Now let’s move to Sempra International on slide seven. At our South American utilities first quarter earnings were $35 million. In 2013 first quarter earnings were $37 million and included a $7 million impairment charge on our Argentine investments. South America’s first quarter earnings are lower this year primarily due to $5 million of foreign exchange impacts resulting from the movement of currencies quarter-over-quarter. In addition Chile incurred $2 million of higher interest expense this quarter due to an inflationary impact on the local bond interest rate. As we discussed at our analyst conference, tariffs for South American utilities do adjust for foreign currency and inflation effects overtime. However there is some lag effect. Moving to Sempra Mexico, first quarter earnings were $42 million versus $31 million in the first quarter of last year. Sempra Mexico’s first quarter earnings increased by $11 million due to a $10 million reduction in income tax expense including effects from foreign currency in 2013. First quarter earnings this year also include $9 million of AFUDC equity earnings from construction of the Sonora gas pipeline offset by $9 million of higher dilution resulting from the reduced ownership following the IEnova IPO that occurred in late March of last year. Looking forward to the second half of 2014 Sempra International expects to have several large projects coming online that will bolster earnings. These projects include the Sonora and Los Ramones pipelines in Mexico and the Santa Teresa Hydro project in Peru. Now please turn to slide eight. Moving onto Sempra U.S. gas and power the natural gas segment earned $9 million in the first quarter of 2014 compared with $53 million in the same period last year. The difference in earnings is primarily due to $44 million gain after tax on the sale of a portion of our Mesquite Power Plant in the first quarter of 2013. First quarter earnings for the renewable segment were $28 million and included $16 million gain associated with the sale of 50% of our Copper Mountain Solar 3 facility to our joint venture partner ConEd. First quarter earnings also include higher deferred income tax benefits primarily due to a $5 million reduction in tax grant benefits in the same period last year as a result of the federal budget sequestration. With that, let me hand the call back to Debbie to discuss slide nine.
Debra Reed: Thanks Joe. Now we will provide you with an update on some of our major projects. As I mentioned at the outset of this call on April 30th of this year we received the final FERC environmental impact statement on our Cameron LNG project. This is an important milestone and the FERC final order is expected this summer. In March of this year we also signed a lump-sum turnkey construction contract. Along with the progress we are making on financing we are on track to begin construction later this year. Turning to Sempra Mexico, this week the Mexican Government released its five years national infrastructure plan. The plan calls for investments totaling an estimated $13 billion in natural gas pipeline, $7 billion in power transmission projects and $14 billion in power generation projects including renewable. In the near term PEMEX plans to develop three pipelines to transfer liquids from the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific Ocean. PEMEX estimates that the total for these pipelines and needed storage and port infrastructure at over $2 billion. They deem guidelines to be published in the second quarter of this year. At a recent analyst conference we also discussed a number of natural gas pipelines to be awarded in the near term by Mexico’s Electricity Commission. On April 21st the Commission announced five pipelines for which bid offers will be reviewed this summer. The total estimated investment is over $2 billion and three of these pipelines are in or have segments within U.S. territory. Each of the pipelines is expected to be contracted by the Mexican Government under a take-or-pay long term structure. We will watch for further details on the bid process but the segments in Mexico will likely be attractive opportunities for IEnova. We also view the US segments to be attractive opportunities for our U.S. gas and power business, particularly as they will be long term contracted assets that could blend well with Cameron in an MLP. IEnova also announced on April 21 an agreement to InerGen 50% of our 155 megawatt ESJ wind generation project. InerGen is a global power generation firm with 11 power plants in operation in Europe, Mexico and Australia. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval and is consistent with our renewable strategy to deconsolidate and reinvest proceeds in near term growth opportunities. For U.S. gas and power we recently completed the sale of 50% of our Copper Mountain Solar 3 facility to ConEd recording a $16 million after tax gain. The 250 megawatts facility is currently under construction and half of the facility expected to be completed by the end of this year and the remainder expected to be completed by 2015. Additionally U.S. Gas & Power agreed to invest in a 50% ownership of ConEd’s California solar portfolio. This 110 megawatt portfolio is comprised of four operating projects that provide power our under long term contracts. Finally we have some really good news with regards to our REX pipeline. This week REX launched a binding open season for 1.2 BCS per day of East to West capacity. REX has already secured binding financial commitments for this capacity at rates of $0.50 per dekatherm for 20 years. If REX receives higher bids in the open season the shippers who have already provided commitments will have the opportunity to match the higher bid. Also during the first quarter REX concluded a successful binding open season on its Seneca lateral and we have filed with FERC to expand the associated capacity from 200,000 dekatherms per day to 600,000 dekatherms per day. The first portion of this capacity is expected to be in service in the second quarter of this year. Let’s now turn to the slide 10 for an update on the regulatory proceeding at our California utilities. On the regulatory front our California utilities have seen important progress on two major issues. First, we announced at our analyst conference in March that SDG&E and Southern California Edison had reached a settlement agreement with key parties on the SONGS plant closure. The settlement agreement is subject to CPSC approval and was filed with the commission on April 3rd. If approved the agreement resolves all outstanding cost issues on the plant closure and allows for recovery of replacement power cost, operating and maintenance expenses and our non-steam generator investments among other things. The resulting financial impact for SDG&E is not materially different from the impairment we recorded in 2013, and we recorded an incremental $9 million after tax loss in the first quarter of this year. Additionally the agreement outlines a sharing mechanism between rate payers and shareholders for any third party recovery. On April 15th we also received a proposed decision for our natural gas pipeline safety enhancement program or PSEP. The proposed decision finds that SoCalGas and SDG&E presented a reasonable conceptual plan to enhance safety and adopt the basic structure of the plan. In its current form the proposed decision approved a process for cost recovery and balancing account treatment subject to a reasonableness review. The proposed decision also includes criteria for determining recovery of costs associated with records review and testing of pipeline installed after 1955. Our California utilities are seeking additional clarification on a number of key areas within the proposed decision and plan to file comment to the CPC by the deadline of May 5th. Now let’s finish by turning to slide 11. In summary I am very pleased with our first quarter results. We are on pace to meet our 2014 earnings guidance and we have several large projects in Mexico and Peru coming online in the second half of the year, in addition to the numerous growth opportunities. At our California utilities we are making headway on significant regulatory matters like farms and PSEP, our Cameron liquefaction project remains on track to begin construction this year and our U.S. Gas & Power business has made important progress on both the REX pipeline and renewable project. So with that let me stop and take any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And at this time our first question will come from Matt Tucker from KeyBanc Capital Market.
Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi good morning and congrats on a nice quarter.
Debra Reed: Thanks Matt.
Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: First question on Cameron and now you’ve got the FERC final EIS out there? Any sense as to whether they will take on the full, I think it’s a 90 day window to issue decision? Or are you thinking that it could come sooner than that and I guess is there any role for you all to play at this point in the FERC process or is it just in their hands now?
Debra Reed: Well I’ll give you kind of a high level view but then I’m going to have Mark kind of walk you through the schedule as we see it. The next step as you mentioned is not a precise period of time and generally to get to the next step where FERC issues the order is a 30 to 90 day period. Obviously with all of the issues with the Ukraine and all of the attention on that we would it certainly hope that FERC would look at keeping that period as short as possible and we thought it was a really good sign that there were no delays whatsoever in their issuing the final environmental impact statement. And so that was a positive sign. I would also say that Secretary Moniz have commented that once FERC acts on it than DOE intends to act very quickly and giving their final approval for the export as well. So I think with all the attention on this we’re hopeful that we’ll be starting to see but there is not a required standard that will see some shorter time period. I’ll have Mark kind of walk you through what we see is the way that it would unfold?
Mark Snell: Yeah I think Debbie pretty much highlight exactly how it’s going to work but we do, as we’ve said we have the final EIS and they could take up to 90 days usually a little shorter than that but it could be that long. We’ll get a FERC and then that has the mandatory 30 day comment period before it really becomes final. But during that period they could issue our initial authorization to construct which would allow us to do some work and get moving on the project. But I think as it stands right now and as we’ve looked at the other projects, the other project that have received the FERC [inaudible] project. We still expect that we begin construction sort of later this year and that will time well with our financing and also meet the expectations that we laid out to you at the analyst conference.
Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks a lot that’s helpful. And then on the PSEP program you mentioned that the commission kind of endorsed your, I guess your model or structure for the program. Has your estimate for kind of the amounts of spending changed at all or was that part of the commission’s proposed decision?
Debra Reed: That’s not really part of the commission’s proposed decision. We are going through it and we are looking now what happened in their proposed decision is that they actually laid out the approval for all phases of PSEP, not just the first phase of PSEP. And so what that means in terms of how we do the work and how much work occurs over the 5, 10, 15 year period time we are going through and assessing that right now. What I would say as we look at the plan that we showed you in March for SoCalGas. We feel that we can certainly be consistent with the plan that we showed you in March of this year.
Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great and then just one last one for Joe. I am sorry I missed when you were discussing what had – was in the original versus what’s in guidance now if you could just go back over those items that you called out please?
Joseph Householder: Sure. What I said was that the SONGS settlement there revision of $9 million, because of the SONGS settlement that was not in our original guidance. We are reaffirming guidance as the numbers we have that now includes that, so that’s the difference. And then we also said that in guidance was nothing for the Chilean tax reform which has been recently proposed.
Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks a lot.
Joseph Householder: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes will come from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Yeah, hi.
Debra Reed: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Good morning, morning Debbie. So just to first on the REX news, could you maybe I think if I recall this project was not in your plan. Could you give us some sense on maybe how meaningful that would be to plan even if we stayed at the $0.50 and but also did the Seneca expansion as well?
Debra Reed: Yeah, let me just clarify what is in the plan and what would be upside potentially to the plan. So there is really three pieces of REX that we are talking about. We are talking about the first phase of the Seneca lateral which is about 200 a day and then we are talking about the second phase of the Seneca lateral which is an additional 400 a day and they were talking about the east to west flows. And those east-to-west flows have been contracted at 1.2 Bcf a day at a $0.50 per dekatherm rate for 20 days. And that part of the open season, the binding open season if other parties wanted to pay more than that or look at different volumes and that’s the purpose of the open season. But we really have firm contracts for the 1.2 Bcf a day at the $0.50 a dekatherm. We can’t go through kind of what the investment levels are in each of these phases but I would say that they are not substantial. And so, what I would – you could and we cannot disclose what the rates are on the Seneca lateral pieces of that. The first phase of the Seneca lateral was in our plan of 200 a day. The second incremented for an additional 400 was not in our plan, nor was the REX east to west flow. So you can kind of do your best to calculate the numbers with what I have given you there and assume not huge levels of capital.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: And when would you think you will get a rough timeline for an answer on the binding open season?
Debra Reed: I think it’s May, that we are supposed to get that completed. Initial day was May 7th, I think and then they said something about if they may have to make some extension but sometime in May we would expect.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Okay, great. And then on the Chilean tax impact issue Joe could you just explain kind of what the process is and whether this is actually going to happen and is it more even would it be meaningful more from impacting your deferred tax balance or more from kind of an ongoing tax or I guess both?
Joseph Householder: Yeah, Steve. That will be helpful. I can elaborate on that. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks the President presented the tax reform proposal to Congress. She mentioned that she would be looking at doing something like this when she was running and so we expect that probably this or some form of this will get enacted but she wants to raise the current rate from 20% to 25% and we believe that will occur over a four year period. So 1% or 2% a year for a few years. This would increase our tax in Chile a few million a year in the early years, not so much because it’s not a big change. But the other change that she wants to make has to do with the way that taxes under current law would be paid in addition so that they distribution tax, or withholding tax if you will, a second level tax that brings the rate up to 35% under current law. She wants to maintain the 35% rate but she wants those taxes paid currently even though the funds aren’t distributed out of the country and she wants back beginning around 2017. We haven’t tried to estimate what the impact on the deferred taxes are yet because it’s a little bit unclear on the second part exactly it’s going to work and when it be enacted but we will tell you on our future call when we know more information about that. But just to be clear she keeping the total rate of 35%, she is changing the structure so it will have some impact on current taxes in the next couple of years and then it could have a little higher impact if this 10% of additional tax gets imposed currently.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Okay, get it. And then last question is just on the Mexico bids when are those expected to be I guess decided?
Debra Reed: Sure, I am glad you asked that because there is a lot really exciting things happening at Mexico and the Mexican government actually put out their five year plan that outlines the hundreds of billions of dollars of projects that they plan on several hundreds of billions of dollar just in the energy sector alone. And this year they have identified a number of projects, I think there is about ten or so pipelines that would be bid out this year. What we seen already the announcement from CFP of the five projects that I mentioned. And we expect those to be, the bid packages to be out within the next couple of months on those. Three of these projects are in U.S., two them are in Mexico and then we have also seen an announcement of bid packages coming out for our three projects from PEMEX over the rest few next couple of months. And one of those projects is a gas pipeline one is a naphtha pipeline and one is a liquids pipeline or propane pipeline. And so we are seeing a lot of momentum right now in terms of the bids coming out and they have identified more bids, another five or so projects later this year that’s on their schedule that they have identified as being bid out this year. So we think it’s a great opportunities, we are analyzing those right down looking at what is available on the project. So they said they don’t have the bid packages out, so it’s very difficult for us to assess which ones we would bid on. We are certainly into both of those in Mexico and the U.S. project.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Great, thank you very much.
Debra Reed: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Hi, good morning.
Debra Reed: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: So first kind of the big picture strategic question as you think about the various monetizations that you have talked in the past, can you talk about where you are in the gas side of the world. You have obviously had a couple of [emerging] plans out there. And then also on the renewable side how do you think about the future of that business kind of given the [yield co] phenomenon out there et cetera and how that’s procured?
Debra Reed: Yeah, in terms of the power business I think your real – your question seems to be about the power part of our business which has the renewable and the generation. And on the generation side, in the U.S. we don’t see that as a business that we want to be in and that we are exiting business. We have Mesquite held for sale, we have already sold our other power plants in the U.S. and that’s largely because that doesn’t fit our business model because that business when it was long-term contracted as it was when we had DWR contract then that made a lot of sense but for those assets today you are not get 10-20 year contracts on them. And that we – although we do have on a block at Mesquite a long-term contract but it’s very, very competitive. It’s not a focus area for us. So you are going to see us trying to exit that business this year in the U.S. I would say in Mexico we still own the TDM plant and as I mentioned is billions of dollars that are planned in Mexico for electric generation. So, we see an opportunity for that plant to meet some of those needs in Mexico and we’ll hold that plant to enable that either at a long-term contracted arrangement or selling the plant down the line. In terms of the renewable business that we think it’s a great business. The issue that we certainly always look at is the deferral of our ability to use the tax benefits from that business and it may be a great business. Our question is, is it a great business for us to continue to deploy capital in. We certainly are very focused on building out our solar facilities and if we see good projects on the wind side we are doing those but we are really focused largely on continuing to develop our solar side of the business until the issue on the taxes and what’s going to happen with tax incentive gets a little firmer. I don’t know Mark you want to...?
Mark Snell: The only thing I would add to that is that again those renewable projects do fit our contraction, our contracting mode though which is the long term 20 years contract. They are all contracted for a long period of time. On the wind side, we are kind of, I guess the whole industry is a little bit up in the air. We don’t know where we are going to be with CPUC extensions or not. I think from our perspective since we are not using all the tax credits some phase out of CPUCs or something would be probably be helpful for us. But I think what we will be doing is deploying capital primarily in our solar projects that are adjacent to some of our existing facilities. We have a fairly competitive pricing point there because we have a lot of infrastructure in place and I think we can win bids and be successful and get the kind of returns that we expect. So I think we are going to stay in that business but again it’s going to be the long term contracted kind of profile that you come to expect from us.
Debra Reed: I would just also add the analyst meeting we talked about our capital allocation and the things that’s been great for Sempra is we have a lot of growth areas. We have a lot of places we can deploy our capital. And so we always look at these businesses in terms of the risk adjusted returns and how it fits for us in comparison to other alternatives that we have and we will continue to do that.
Mark Snell: I would also just add Debbie, we talked about on a few other calls but we’re always interested in way to increase the value and we try to look at whether the stock’s being priced fairly and one of the things we talked about is our contracted energy infrastructure business is effectively a yield co. I was talking to myself this morning and I was thinking maybe we should just change the name to simply yield growth, [inaudible].
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: That’s true. Well perhaps just a second strategic question and maybe this is a change in tack for your prior statements. But how are you thinking about the complementary asset here to backup Cameron, you kind of alluded to it little bit earlier. What exactly could those include just guiding from your comments and the remarks earlier as well as how are you thinking about timeline to get something off on the ground today?
Debra Reed: Well I mean there is a lot of assets that are adjacent to Cameron that we own, like the LA storage, it’s – that is something that we are looking at now, the potential of development of that. We have the Cameron pipeline, we are going to be – we have our other storage facilities that we think with all of the change that we’re starting to see and we are seeing now the picking up the pace, hold the gas conversions occurring and then we are starting to see the LNG facilities coming on line over the next coming years. So we think all of those assets integrate well, we think other pipeline assets integrate well and that we think other LNG facilities, we have the Port Arthur property that we think is a very viable facility to develop and then we have train four and five at Cameron that we think are also viable to develop. So our focus is kind of around that cluster of assets that really kind of support each other and support the change and what’s happening in the gas market.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: So just to follow up to be specific is REX now eligible to be included now that you have some of the contract comfort and then secondarily if it is to be included, do you still think you need other assets to look outside the complement starting, or kick starting in?
Debra Reed: Yeah, we’ve been spending a lot of time on this question, so I will let Mark and Joe answer this and I might summarize at the end.
Mark Snell: Yes. Well, let me – I’ll just kick in. Clearly we are pleased with the upside potential at REX that we just six months to year ago we didn’t know whether – where we were going to be with that asset. So obviously given the interest on the east to west shipping and some of the lateral opportunities there clearly is a strong asset there now, that looks like it’s going to have good cash flows for a long time to come. I think and Joe can comment on this but unfortunately we only own 25% of it and therefore there is some regulatory reasons why it is a standalone asset, can’t be an MLP, but it can be in MLP with other types of assets that we own and we certainly have plenty to do that. I do think we are continuing to look in our MLP-able assets that make sense. And one of the most exciting thing is this pipeline announcements that came out of Mexico, there is several of those pipelines, three of them that are going to be in the U.S. and they are sizeable investment and if we win one or two or so of those they would also be very good assets for the MLP. So we see some real opportunities where we actually have some I think advantages because of our history with the Mexican government and our ability and the fact that we’ve been doing business in the Mexico for a long time. I think we would be looked at as somebody that would have not only the wherewithal to do that but also the experience and I think somebody that will be a trusted partner for PEMEX and for the PFE on those pipelines.
Debra Reed: I would just add that, in terms of the timing of when the government is expecting in this case PFE expecting this pipeline to go into service, one of them is expected to go into service in 2016 the other is in 2017. So they have nice timing relative to our Cameron assets.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Excellent. Thank you for all the details.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question will come from Gabe Moreen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Gabe Moreen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning everyone. Not to stick with everyone’s favorite acronym but related to the answer around the IEnova projects in the U.S portion of those projects. I guess two fold one is it possible to [recap] how much of that $2 billion is actually piped within the U.S. And then the second part of that is in terms of structuring it is that something that CapEx will be undertaken at IEnova even for the U.S. portions and then MLP would acquire it later, or does U.S. Gas and Power just build that section and it eventually goes to an MLP?
Debra Reed: Yeah. Let me tell you about the three U.S. pieces of the project and I’ll have Mark or Joe talk about some of the options for structuring with IEnova. The three pieces the government has estimated as part of the $2 billion that those three pieces end up being, it looks like about $1.2 million of the total. So they are quite large. There is one that $250 million and then the largest of the three is $550 million in the government’s estimate. Now the government’s estimate kind of seemed low to us from what was published but those are the Mexican government’s estimate for those pipelines, So you can see that there is sizable pipeline and then Joe do you want to….?
Joseph Householder: Yeah. And so then we wouldn’t have IEnova build the U.S. side of lines we would actually do that in U.S Gas and Power. As Mark mentioned a little bit earlier talking to Julien because we only own 25% of REX to form an MLP we would need some other assets that are slightly larger than the value of REX because there of the [inaudible] investment company rule and so we need some other assets. I am very excited about REX. I said that at the conference and this new announcement is great because it really enables us to look hard at that and I mentioned that we have some other assets related to our LNG plant in Mexico that creates some U.S. income. Looking at that and then looking to ability to put these pipelines from the CFE bids that are in the U.S and whether we funded from U.S gas and power or whether we use – of the IPO to fund it we can look into that further but first we have to win those bids but this is a very exciting momentum for us with REX.
Gabe Moreen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. And then thinking I guess on the topic of REX, it’s a two part question. One, clarifying which is to stay the matching ability on bids, does that mean $0.50 goes higher for all shippers, if indeed incremental shippers come in at higher than $0.50 or does that just mean existing shippers have the chance to match on capacity? And then second on the Analyst Day I think there was implied there was a decent amount of hydraulic flexibility around the size of a REX reversal. So I am just curious around the 1.2, I guess given other producer and midstream commentary on the need to get gas out of the Utica and the Marcellus I think imply that the REX reversal may not even be enough, the flexibility to go to an even higher capacity if you get more interest?
Debra Reed: Yeah we had talked about and I’ll have Mark go through the detail of how the open season works. But what we had talked about at the Analyst Conference is that there have been like 5.5Bs of interest in the REX reversal and so there is a high level of interest. What we have in place is 1.2B’s of signed contracts at the $0.50 that they come to base point for the open season. Mark?
Mark Snell: Yeah to answer your question specifically we went out and obviously canvassed potential parties and got commitments for 1.2Bs at $0.50 if somebody comes in and wants additional capacity than the existing holders have the right to match that price so the $0.50 effectively becomes kind of a floor but at the end of the day we kind of expect that to be the price. So there could be a little bit of an uptick but I think for our modeling and stuff we are using $0.50. And then to the other question yes, we can expand the East-West capacity of REX beyond the 1.2. The question is as you start to expand it further you get into certain additional compression but also you get this pretty quickly to where you have to start doing some looping which gets very expensive and so the question is are we still the most cost effective solution and we’re looking at it and so everyone will certainly study it but I would expect we’re not putting anything in our plans right now for that and we’re just really focused on getting this 1.2 signed up and moving forward on that. And then we’ll look to see if we’re cost effective for the shippers on doing any further expansion, could be that we are but we’re just starting to study that now.
Gabe Moreen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hi guys, congrats on a good quarter. Debbie I wanted to ask I went through the filing, the proposed decision in California and there was some language in there honestly I almost felt like I was reading another utilities language in some of the other PSEP related proceedings going on because but there was language about potential cost that will be borne by the shareholder not the rate payer and pipe record that haven’t been tapped and pipelines that you can’t really prove they’ve been inspected or not is and to be honest I’m not sure I understood a whole lot of it when it came to the Sempra side effect of it. So could you kind of walk us through your interpretation of what some of those components of the PD means and what the cost implications in kind of the rate payer versus the shareholder implications are?
Debra Reed: Sure I’ll try to do the best I can on that, if you read the decision then you’ll also see that is very hard to interpret and there’s some contradictory elements and we’re going to filing comments on May 5th and trying to get some of that cleaned up. What the decision basically does is it goes back to 1956 and it says that any pipeline that they set they feel that should have been tested from 1956 and beyond where you haven’t tested or you don’t have complete records of testing, that a shareholder should be responsible for the test and the test component of that. And we think we have some really good evidence that, that was even inconsistent with the policy at that time. In fact we have CPUC policy statements on the record dating back to 1950 where they said that utilities were not required to meet voluntary standards and that they were not going to be funded. So these are things that I think are in contention right now in the decision. If we look at the decision in entirety and you look at the fact that we can expedite some of the other phases that even if we look at the decision as it stands today we think we can be consistent with the plan that we showed you in March. But we do feel like we have a really strong case for getting some of these things modified. And you will see that, I hope you read our comments on May 6th when we file them and you see that’s the case that we have that shows that really this first time there were standards put in place was in 1961 and SoCalGas and SDG&E had a very, very few miles of pipe that were installed post 1961, that we don’t have complete records on. So I think that’s hopefully that’s where we end up on this. But you’ll see some very strong comments from us.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you on that, one real quick Joe on Chile and the tax implications, just curious if all of it got implemented tomorrow morning, I know it’s not, I know it’s going to be a long-term multi-year process but how would you think about what the net income or EPS impact would be if all components of the tax change happens in the 2014 timeframe, I’m just trying to quantify what the net income or EPS at risk is here?
Joseph Householder: Yeah we haven’t tried to quantify because there are so many unknowns about how that tax is going to work and what we might be able to do structurally around it. And so we’re kind of just focused on the next year or two is going to have a 1% or 2% increase in the next few years and that’s only a few million. If this additional tax does get enacted we just need to know more about the rule really to try to figure that out. You can make some assumptions with math but we haven’t tried to do that for you.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay and then finally the REX reversal contract when would that actually go into place?
Debra Reed: It would go, well it would become effective, the contract’s effective but the actual line would go into place in June 2015, is the timeframe.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Meaning the reversal and therefore the revenue flow back to REX equity?
Debra Reed: Yeah.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it, thank you Debbie, much appreciated.
Debra Reed: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Thank you and our next question will come from Faisel Khan from Citi.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Good afternoon.
Debra Reed: Hi Faisel.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Hey guys, on REX just wondering would the binding opportunity you guys had was there – did you have the solicit any sort of term back capacity so did reverse shippers – would the existing shippers sort of allowed to turned back to capacity in order to make room to the reversal or do these sort of contracts still stick until they run out at the end of decade?
Debra Reed: Yeah I’m going to turn it to Mark.
Mark Snell: We had a FERC hearing on those issues and we were successful and FERC agreed that in that zone the shippers don’t have any right to those revenues or the ability to do that.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay, got it. And then just on guidance, was the Copper Mountain sort of gain on sales, is that included in your guidance before and is the sale of the wind assets in Mexico, the 50% interest, is that also, is that gain also been baked into your guidance?
Debra Reed: Yeah on any of the gains or costs like that we would incur entering into these partnerships on renewables are in our guidance to the extent that we can expect them and as you remember last December we talked to you about ESJ that we thought we would be towards the low end of our ranges of that time because ESJ was delayed because it was in our plan for last year. And so ESJ and Copper Mountain 3 were both in our plans for this year. It’s part of our business model where we sell 50% down, a lot of that is recouping the development cost that we already expensed during the course of the time for these projects. So it’s always in our guidance if we know that we’re intending to sell an asset like that.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay, got it.
Debra Reed: In the renewable – and I would say, in the renewable space. Like Mesquite is not in our guidance because that is not something that’s a typical business model for us but the turn of these renewable projects is selling off 50%, we always put that in our guidance.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay understood on SoCalGas the transportation volumes seems to be down pretty in a very large amount of way over last year is there anything associated with that except for just weather or…?
Debra Reed: I would say it’s probably the weather. We’ve had an endless summer in California it’s like 90 degrees here today. So there’s nothing fundamentally different in the business as we see it I think it’s mainly weather.
Mark Snell: Yeah. Residential volumes were down and so Edison’s electric volumes were probably down and the power points were not used as much.
Debra Reed: Yeah. I don’t think anyone had their heater on in California, at least in southern California there has been high C’s and it’s been so warm, yeah.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Yeah. Fair enough. On Mexico – on the Los Ramones and the Sonora pipelines, as those sort of ramp up at the end of this year, what’s going to be the – I mean how are they going to ramp up, like what’s the – how much gas are they going to pull from the U.S. as those facilities ramp up? Is it – is it sort of they are going to hit capacity right away or is it going to be the slow sort of movement in volumes as they get connected to some of these pipelines.
Mark Snell: Well. I think the actual volume of gas flowing probably will ramp up because not all of the infrastructure is in place. But we will get paid. We’ve got a firm capacity arrangement essentially, so we will get paid as if it was running full.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Oh, sure I understand. I was just trying to figure out kind of the magnitude of the flow across the border?
Mark Snell: It will be slower at first I don’t – I can probably get you those numbers if you are interested and get back to you on it. But I just – I don’t know off the top of my head exactly what the ramp up will be.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay. Yeah that would be great if we get a chance to do that. And then just on in Mexico too on the ethane pipeline, the LPG terminal in Guadalajara, what’s the sort of plan for that, I mean is there a, is there opportunity to expand that pipeline, is that part of the whole infrastructure de-bottlenecking and expansion plans for Mexico?
Mark Snell: Yeah. It’s not listed as some expansion project in the list that we’ve gotten but there is obviously if we get more petrochemical plants down there and things – there is an opportunity there. But I think right now it’s – we’re not counting on it.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay, got it. I appreciate. Thanks for the time guys.
Debra Reed: Thank you, Faisel.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Kit Konolige from BGC Financials.
Kit Konolige – BGC Financials: Good morning.
Debra Reed: Hi, Kit.
Kit Konolige – BGC Financials: Just a very brief question. On SONGS what are you guys anticipating as far as timing on – hearing from NEIL and on the arbitration with MHI and what would the economics and accounting look like if there is some recovery from one or both of those?
Debra Reed: Okay, well the timing on – we are supposed to hear something back, at least what NEIL has indicated this summer about their response to the claims that have been made. And then the MHI arbitration is likely to take a couple of years. We won’t even probably be appearing before the arbitrator for a year or something. So that will take some period of time. Under the settlement provision there is a sharing mechanism for third-party recoveries where based upon the amount recovered that the – get a certain amount and the shareholders get a certain amount. And none of that has been recorded at all. Anything that we would get in that would be upside. We don’t have anything in our plan about any recoveries about, that would be all upside.
Mark Snell: Yeah. The first thing that happens is we recover the legal fees that we had paid out so that would go like earnings because we are already recording those expenses. And then as Debbie said it would be upside it would go to reduce the losses that we took earlier. So we would just have income for the amount that came to us.
Kit Konolige – BGC Financials: Okay. That’s great. And just to kind of clarify in a few sentences maybe, just to go back through how we should view the potential for an MLP, if I can characterize it obviously Cameron would be, I guess the key asset. It sounds as though – well let me ask you it this way if you were to win one or more of the U.S. pipes in the Mexican bidding would you be able to put the potential asset if you will into an MLP and start an MLP say in 2015, if that – along with REX say if that were to be when the bids were held?
Debra Reed: There is a lot of what ifs there. But REX is a great asset. As we’ve said that it is not an asset that could stand alone in an MLP. The pipelines we’re going to service in 2016 or 2017 according to the schedule that’s been published by the government. And so when those start if we were to get one or more of those and they were cash flowing in that period of time then that would be something we would definitely look at as a potential bridge strategy consistent with what we told you at the Analyst Meeting, because those assets have the same type of characteristics as Cameron. They will be long-term contracted. And one of the things we don’t want to do is to form an MLP with assets that don’t have the same kinds of value enhancing characteristics like Cameron that would trade at low yield. So if all of those things happen we would certainly look at it and we would time it based upon how to create the greatest long-term value for our shareholders.
Kit Konolige – BGC Financials: And so is it fair to say that the Mexican bidding would be key to forming an MLP or could there be a bridge strategy with only the Mexico, LNG and REX?
Debra Reed: I mean we will look at – I would not say Mexico, the Mexican pipelines in the U.S are one way to form a bridge strategy. There are other ways to form bridge strategies and we have a team looking at all MLP-able assets and what it does to the long-term value if we were to acquire, build or buy any of these assets or companies, what it would do in terms of creating long-term value and comparison to standalone MLP with Cameron and that’s the way we’ll look at it. And we will figure out the combination and the timing that gives us the greatest long-term value.
Mark Snell: Yeah. We usually do see the economics are better when we build green field things and buy something. But I think what Debbie just said all the above, we’re looking at all the above.
Kit Konolige – BGC Financials: Okay. Good luck with it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Mark Barnett from Morningstar Equity Research.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar Inc.: Hey, good morning everyone. Can you hear me over there?
Debra Reed: Yes, yeah. We can hear you.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar Inc.: Okay.
Debra Reed: Can you hear us?
Mark Barnett – Morningstar Inc.: Yes I can thanks. You talked a lot about what’s going this year in Mexico and lot of it is very exciting. Just one more quick question I guess following-up on that discussion. Outside of the bidding rules for the next slate of projects this year, you had mentioned in some past calls that there are some outstanding uncertainties around maybe rule making and some additional reforms that you are still looking forward to. Could you maybe highlight what some of those might be?
Debra Reed: Sure. One of the – I mentioned earlier that we don’t have anything in our plans in Mexico to do additional electric generation or transmission right now. Those are areas that are opening up and the government has published a list of potential projects to bid on – those are right in our sweet spot absolutely, those are areas of interest to us that we have not put into any of our plans today. And those are projects that we’re interested in – they are on the list that the government has published as well to be bid out. The other area I would say and we’re doing some work now is in the gathering and processing. We have done different types of pipelines in Mexico. We’ve built an ethane pipeline as an example. And so we think that this is a great opportunity area for us is to get into the gathering and processing area in Mexico. And so we’re exploring those opportunities. All of the markets are opening up in those areas. So it’s not just gas pipelines for us, it’s electric transmission electric generation gathering and processing, all of those are great opportunity areas. And I think in the energy sector that there was something like $600 billion of projects identified over the next five years in Mexico. I would see us going after a very large share of that and aggressively going after a very larger share of that.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar Inc.: All right thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we have one question remaining in the queue. (Operator Instructions). We’ll take our next question from Vedula Murti from CDP Capital.
Vedula Murti – CDP Capital: Good morning out there, good afternoon here, how are you?
Debra Reed: Hi. I will say hi, that’s easy.
Vedula Murti – CDP Capital: Yeah, that’s fine. To follow up a little bit on your conversation with [Ticon] or whatever. What’s your how you evaluate it when you look at everything, all different permutations that would impact? What’s your opinion about how [inaudible] OGE kind of put their structure together what Davin did with cross tax in term of trying to accelerate things and that type of thing. Is that something that based on what you’ve seen and how the value realization has kind of read through so far something that you grew positively or do you feel like it’s something that can slow is paramount or how should we think about how are you thinking about those specifics?
Debra Reed: Well I will tell you how we are thinking generally I am not going to comment on any other companies or their transactions. But the way that we think about it is we have an exceptional asset with Cameron when that goes online that has natural drop down, we think would trade at a very low yield and would be an amazing MLP. That if we do a bridge strategy we would not wanted to diminish the value of that long term asset or an MLP. But there is a possibility that how something might be structured could increase the value in a bridge strategy. And if we found assets that we thought would trade as comparable kinds of yield and that they would allow us to have higher splits by doing it earlier we are absolutely not adverse to doing that. But we are not going to just go out and buy something that is going to trade very differently than Cameron would likely trade and diminish the value of a high value asset in the long term and that’s the way we would generally look at it.
Vedula Murti – CDP Capital: Okay and just to follow up then on that which I completely agree with, given your probably quickly well along into this evaluation, can you characterize how you think the probability is that a bridge strategy that meets your criterion can materialize at least or do you feel like there is something that you see that has a chance to actually meet these criterion which I completely agree with and wouldn’t want to dilute anything. So I am just are you optimistic about that? Or how are you thinking about those?
Debra Reed: I am always optimistic. And I think that there is a lot of infrastructure that’s needed in the U.S. and so there are opportunities for us to look at but I wouldn’t want to handicap it. And the good thing is we have an incredible fall-back position with Cameron and the assets around Cameron. And so I wouldn’t want to handicap that, but I think there is a lot of opportunities happening in the United States right now in terms of infrastructure.
Vedula Murti – CDP Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Debra Reed: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And it appears there are no further questions at this time. Ms. Reed I would like turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Debra Reed: Well thank you all for joining us today on the call. As always our incredible investor relations staff will be there to answer any of the follow-up calls that you have after. So call Rich or Kendall or Amanda with any follow-up questions and have a wonderful day. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-27 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Vice President of Investor Relations Debra L. Reed - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Joseph A. Householder - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark A. Snell - President Trevor I. Mihalik - Chief Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Andrew Levi Joshua Golden Winfried Fruehauf
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. This morning, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's fourth quarter and full year 2013 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Martha Wyrsch, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Trevor Mihalik, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, February 27, 2014, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 3 and I let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Rick, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. 2013 was another great year for our company, and one filled with many accomplishments on our infrastructure projects, partnership initiatives and regulatory effort. We are extremely happy that our Cameron Liquefaction project received the Department of Energy's conditional permit to export to non-Free-Trade-Agreement countries on February 11. And with a noteworthy progress, we are making and securing our FERC permit. We expect construction on this project to begin this year. We will provide further details later on the call. Turning to our financial results. I continue to be pleased with our performance of sustained delivery of top tier shareholder return. With the DOE non-FTA permit for Cameron now in hand, we have given greater confidence in the earnings contribution Cameron will provide starting in 2018. This puts us well on our way to meeting our goal of 9% to 11% compound annual earnings growth through 2019. Additionally, I'm confident that we will execute on some of the growth opportunities we've identified which are not yet in our plan. This would allow us to get to the higher end of that range, and I look forward to discussing these opportunities with you at our analyst conference next month. Now let me hand things over to Joe to discuss the 2013 results in more detail, starting with Slide 4. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie, and good afternoon or good morning to everybody. Our results for the fourth quarter exceeded the expectations we've provided on our third quarter call and resulted in a strong finish to 2013. This morning, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $282 million or $1.13 per share. This compares to adjusted earnings of $268 million or $1.08 per share in the same quarter last year. Including both the impact of the $77 million 2012 retroactive benefit from our General Rate Case in California and the $119 million loss on the closure of SONGS, we reported 2013 GAAP earnings of $1,001,000,000 or $4.01 per share. For guidance purposes, we reported 2013 earnings per share of $4.49, above the midpoint of our guidance range of $4.30 to $4.60 per share. These earnings per share exclude the loss on SONGS, but they include the retroactive GRC benefits. Full year 2013 adjusted earnings, which exclude both the SONGS loss and the retroactive GRC benefit totaled $1,043,000,000 or $4.18 per share. There were 2 major factors to 2013 adjusted earnings that arose from our previously announced repatriation strategy and the IEnova IPO. Both of these strategic decisions were designed to create and have in fact, increased total shareholder value. Just to recap those in more detail. 2013 was the first year of our plan to repatriate cash from international operations back to the United States. While we pay little in cash taxes on this repatriation, we do have to book an income tax expense when we bring the funds back to the U.S. For 2013, this tax expense was $63 million or $0.25 per share. The cash flow to the U.S. from this plan supports our strategy to continue growing our dividend. Second, in March, we completed the IPO of IEnova in Mexico which has been tremendously successful, creating significant value for Sempra shareholders. Since the IPO, IEnova's stock is up over 70% and the value of Sampra's investment has increased by more than $1.5 billion. This increased value has more than compensated our shareholders for the $26 million or $0.10 per share dilution we reported in 2013. In addition to those factors, as discussed on our third quarter call, the Mexican government enacted tax reform that keeps the Mexican corporate tax rate at 30% after 2013, as opposed to a scheduled reduction to 28% under prior law. This change will have only a minimal impact to ongoing earnings, but did negatively affect 2013 results by $13 million due to the required adjustment to our deferred tax liabilities. When taking these items into consideration, I can see that the health of our underlying business remains strong and in line with our long-term growth aspirations. Now let's go through the segment results in more detail, beginning with SDG&E on Slide 5. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the fourth quarter of 2013 were $119 million compared to earnings of $110 million in the fourth quarter last year. Fourth quarter earnings were higher primarily due to $28 million of higher CPUC base margin, net of expenses, partially offset by a $10 million impact of lower authorized CPUC and FERC returns, and $4 million of lost SONGS earnings due to the plant closure. For the year, SDG&E reported adjusted earnings of $471 million as compared to $484 million in 2012. Earnings in 2012 included a $22 million higher income tax benefit resulting from the change in the treatment of repair expenditures that relates to the year 2011. In 2013, we also partially offset impacts from the lower authorized rates of return and loss of SONGS earnings with higher CPUC base margin, net of expenses, as SDG&E identified operating efficiencies to improve their performance. Now please turn to Slide 6. Fourth quarter 2013 earnings at Southern California Gas were consistent with the last year at $98 million. This quarter's results were impacted by $30 million of lower tax benefits as earnings for the fourth quarter of last year included the full year's impact of the change in tax treatment for repair expenditures. This tax impact was offset in the fourth quarter of 2013 by $19 million of higher CPUC base margin, net of expenses, and $12 million of reduced tax expense related to prior year's income tax issues. SoCalGas increased annual adjusted earnings by $50 million to $339 million in 2013. This increase largely reflects $36 million of higher CPUC base margin, net of expenses, in part due to operating efficiencies that SoCalGas identified to improve performance. Higher 2013 earnings also includes $15 million in pipeline integrity expenses that are now being fully recovered in rates. Now let's move to Sempra International on Slide 7. At our South American Utilities, fourth quarter 2013 earnings were $43 million compared to $46 million in the fourth quarter of last year. Full year 2013 earnings were $153 million. Excluding the $11 million loss on the sale of our Argentine investments, this segment was in line with our expectations. Fourth quarter 2013 earnings for Sempra Mexico segment were $26 million versus earnings of $35 million in the fourth quarter of last year. Fourth quarter earnings reflect a $13 million increase in deferred income tax expense due to the change in tax law I discussed earlier and an $8 million decrease resulting from our noncontrolling interest at IEnova. These effects were partially offset by $9 million of higher net earnings as a result of recording AFUDC earnings for pipeline construction. For the full year 2013, Sempra Mexico's earnings were $122 million compared with $157 million in 2012. Similar to the quarter, the decrease in earnings resulted from the end of year change in Mexican tax law and a $26 million dilutive effect from the IEnova IPO. Now please turn to Slide 8. Moving to Sempra U.S. Gas & Power, the Natural Gas segment earned $9 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 compared to a loss of $6 million in the year-ago period after excluding the $25 million payment received from Kinder Morgan for tax impacts related to the sale of their interest in REX. Higher fourth quarter earnings were due primarily to a lower of cost or market adjustment that occurred in 2012 related to the purchase of an LNG cargo in the fourth quarter of 2012, and the change in intercompany marketing agreements that reduced cost in 2013. For the full year, Sempra Natural Gas reported 2013 earnings of $64 million. Included in this amount is a $44 million gain on the sale of one block at the Mesquite Power Plant. Fourth quarter 2013 earnings for the renewable segment was $6 million compared with earnings of $14 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Higher earnings in 2012 reflect $12 million of higher deferred income tax benefits as a result of assets placed into service in 2012. For 2013, annual earnings of $62 million include $24 million of gains associated with our new solar joint ventures. Let's please turn to Slide 9. Turning now to our guidance for 2014. We are reaffirming expected consolidated earnings for the year to fall within the range of $4.25 to $4.55 per share. Overall, our near-term and long-term prospects remain very strong and we are looking forward to giving you more detail on our outlook at next month's analyst conference. In addition, the Board voted in February to increase our annualized dividend by approximately 5% to $2.64 per share. We recognize that returning capital to shareholders is important and we remain committed to providing a strong and growing dividend to the owners of Sempra. Once Cameron is in construction, we intend to recommend a higher dividend growth as an alternative to a larger one-time increase after Cameron is operational. Now let me hand the call back to Debbie to discuss Slide 10.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Joe. As I mentioned at the outset of this call, we were pleased to receive our permit to export to non-FTA countries from the Department of Energy on February 11. We are also the first on the list of proposed LNG projects to have received our Draft Environmental Impact Statement from FERC. FERC schedule calls for issuance of the final EIS on or before April 30, 2014. This is the last major step in securing our FERC order authorizing the construction and operation of the project. And we expect to receive that order this summer. In addition to progress on permitting, we are finalizing terms on the lump sum construction contract with our preferred EPC contractor. The cost estimates for the project remains in line with the $6 billion to $7 billion of construction cost, and $9 billion to $10 billion of total cost that we have consistently projected. We have also made substantial progress in securing financing. We are working with the Japanese export credit agencies to finalize their loan commitment. And earlier this month, we signed a commitment letter with commercial banks worldwide as part of our very successful commercial bank syndication. Given this development, we continue to have confidence we will be able to close long tenure borrowing at very attractive rates. Subject to FERC's final approval, the project remains on track to start construction in 2014, and we still expect all 3 trains to come online throughout 2018, with the first full year of 3-train production in 2019. Concerning the progress of our Cameron LNG facility, we want to take this opportunity to update you on our thinking around the potential MLP strategy. We have a great asset in Cameron. And we know that it could serve as a very strong and anchor for an MLP, as it will provide natural drop-down given its significant cash flow underpinned by 20-year contract. Since those cash flows don't start for several years, we continue to explore ways to jumpstart an MLP using our own storage of pipeline assets or by developing or buying other assets. After much analysis, we've determined that, currently, our existing assets don't provide the certainty of cash flows to support the formation of an MLP that will generate the premium valuation our shareholders deserve. We will continue to assess this. In fact, the assets, like rocks [ph], are well positioned to secure contracts for transport of that out of the Marcellus and Utica, and could help jumpstart an MLP. As you saw with our IEnova IPO, we are focused on structures that increase value for Sempra shareholders both today and into the future, and we will time a possible MLP accordingly. Using Cameron as a strong foundation for future MLP is bolstered by the many exciting prospects we have to grow in and around the LNG and gas infrastructure businesses. Mark will provide you with more information on these emerging opportunities at next month's analyst conference. At that time, Joe will also go into more detail about our MLP thought process. Let's now turn to Slide 11 for an update on regulatory proceedings for our California utility. In January 2014, SDG&E filed an uncontested multiparty settlement agreement with FERC on our Electric Transmission formula that establish an authorized return on equity of 10.05%. The FERC order approving the settlement should be issued by the end of the third quarter in 2014. But will be retroactive to September of last year, and this settlement will be in effect through December 2018. The settlement specifically allows SDG&E the right to apply for incentive adders on future projects and determines the equity ratio based upon actual equity recorded on December 31 of each year. Terms of the settlement are reflected in our fourth quarter 2013 earnings and in our 2014 guidance. Second, on SONGS. The CPUC's proceedings remain ongoing and while the commission is encouraging parties to engage in settlement discussions, we expect the final resolution of all proceedings to take some time. We continue to believe that the amount of our remaining regulatory asset is reasonable and will be recovered. Now please turn to Slide 12. In Peru, our Santa Teresa Hydro project remains on schedule and should be completed later this year. The 100-megawatt project is our first generation project in Peru, and I'm confident it will be the first of many additional projects we will execute there. In fact, Mark, Joe and I recently visited South America and are enthusiastic about prospects for growth in Chile and Peru. We will discuss more specifics at the conference next month, but there are a number of possible projects in South America that fits very well with our strategy, including gas pipelines and electric generation and transmission opportunity. In Mexico, we also continue to move ahead on our many infrastructure projects. Construction of the first phase of our Sonora Pipeline project is on schedule and on budget, and this 300-mile segment is expected to be completed in the second half of 2014. The second segment of the pipeline is projected to start operations in the second half of 2016. In January, construction began on the Los Ramones I project as part of our joint venture with PEMEX. And that pipeline is also expected to be completed in the second half of 2014. We continue to work on finalizing the contract for our participation in the Northern Phase of Los Ramones II and I anticipate these negotiations will conclude very soon. As you'll recall, we expect to have a 25% share of this segment of the pipeline. Finally, in Mexico. Last quarter, we've started construction on the 156-megawatt ESJ Wind project, which is supported by a 20-year contract with SDG&E. As we discussed last quarter, formation of a 50-50 joint venture for this project was delayed due to our original prospective partner's decision to exit the wind development business. However, negotiations are progressing well with other interested parties and I'm confident we will finalize the JV very soon. Finally, in the first quarter of 2014, we made the decision to hold for sale the second block of the Mesquite Power Plant in Arizona. It continues to be our goal to complete our exit of the merchant generation business, and we are making good progress on the sale of this asset. However, since we do not yet have a contract for sale, we are not including the transaction in the guidance that we reaffirmed today. Now let's finish by turning to Slide 13. In summary, 2013 was another very good year for our company. Demonstrating how well our business strategy performs in our changing market and regulatory condition. We have already made significant progress on planned infrastructure projects, and with over $2 billion of projects scheduled to come online before next year, I'm equally optimistic about future earnings. Sempra's diversified portfolio and focused strategy on long-term contracted cash flow positions us well for growth in the years ahead. And with that, let me stop and take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Greg Gordon of ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Can we take the commentary around the time horizon for the sort of ability for you guys to flow the -- an MLP, part and parcel with your willingness to be more aggressive on the dividend in the intermediate term, and sort of the financial sort of balancing act you're making in order to try to drive the best shareholder value for your investors until the point where you get to a viable portfolio of MLP-eligible assets?
Debra L. Reed: Well, as I said -- I mean, I think, just the Cameron asset alone, has great potential for an MLP with the ability to drop down that in pieces over time and have clear visibility to that. And I thought, as the debt is paid off, the earnings increase and that there's some good upside from that asset. Right now, as we look at the other assets we have, we don't feel that it would be in our shareholder's interest to do a bridge strategy without those assets. But I will say, we're constantly looking at other assets that we could potentially acquire. And if we found some good assets that would create a good bridge strategy, we're not opposed to do that. On the dividend issue, we have a great deal of confidence now about Cameron coming online. After getting the non-FTA permit and being where we are in the FERC process, we're feeling very confident about this project going online with all 3 trains coming on in 2018. And then full 3-year operations -- 3-train operations in 2019. And so, as we look at our dividend, we've had a policy of 45% to 50% payout ratio. We see the earnings coming in 2018 and 2019, and we really think that we can do that dividend and it not be inconsistent with any MLP strategy. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. Greg, I'm just making another point. I don't see them as a very linked at all. I think that we have really strong earnings and growth in our other businesses besides just Cameron. And so this dividend is in response to our continually growing earnings from that. And as we look forward and study the MLP, we'll have enough cash flow from LP and GP units to keep our dividend even post an MLP. So I don't see that as any kind of a bridge, it's from the strong earnings that we have.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A follow-up question. Have you considered -- given so successful in the IEnova transaction, have you considered as a -- instead of an IPO of your MLP-eligible assets, doing a strategic transaction with another entity with an existing GP, where you contributed your assets for a GP stake and, thus, helped to drive further growth for that other entity and, therefore, added value to the GP shares that you would be acquiring?
Debra L. Reed: I would say, we look at all of those things, Greg. That -- the thing that we have got to be sure is that, with the Cameron asset, we want to be sure that our shareholders get the right kinds of splits, have the right kind of long-term structure for our assets that we're going to put in. And if we found something that would work with that, we would definitely be open to considering that. But we're not going to rush to get something out that devalues our assets in the long-term.
Operator: And we'll go next to Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I just had a follow-up on the MLP question. So you're not willing to use a bridge strategy with REX right now, but with where mid-stream assets are going for in terms of valuation, how do you expect to compete without having an MLP in place to buy some of these assets?
Debra L. Reed: Well, what I said was that if we look at our existing assets right now, putting them in MLP to do a bridge strategy, we don't think that was the best thing. What I also said, though, is that, some things are changing with those -- the value of those assets that we might see in the future. And as you know that after we basically have REX flow, bidirectionally, are moving forward and that, that could offer some opportunities if we can have contracts that extend beyond the expiration of the existing contracts. So -- and we just did a nonbinding open season and that had some -- it gave us some promise that there's some real upside with that asset, potentially. So we will continue to look at that. And if we had to make an acquisition for a bridge strategy that made economic sense in the long term, we would look at doing what made economic sense in the long term.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. And secondly, on the 9% to 11% growth rate. Kind of bridge that with the previous 6% to 8% growth rate before -- I guess, you guys included Cameron for 2018 and 2019. So does the 9% to 11% include projects that are not in the development plan or not in the earnings plan right now? Do that exceed 11% or is it kind of -- you'd be the closer to 9% without those projects and towards the higher end of the range if you executed on some of the growth projects?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We'll go through this in detail at the analyst meeting. But when we look at that range of 9% to 11%, the 9% basically includes what we have in our base plan without incremental growth and Cameron at full operation in 2019. We will go through the upsides that we have in our -- that are not in our plan but are upsides to that plan at the analyst meeting. But there are a lot of things happening in that regard and a number of bids are coming out in 2014 even that could add to that and get us towards the high end of that range. And that's what I commented on, as if we pick up some of those projects, we could definitely be towards the high end of that range by 2019.
Operator: And we'll go next to Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Apologies, I just want to beat up once more on the MLP topic. Assuming you don't make any major acquisitions and your existing assets don't change in such a way that you'll be even [ph] more MLP-able between now and when Cameron does start operating, should we assume that it is your plan to form an MLP with Cameron as the anchor in 2018 or 2019? Or are you still not sure that you'd go that route when you get to that point?
Debra L. Reed: Well, I mean, these are discussions that obviously we will have our Board of Directors as we get closer. But if everything stays as it does today and if there's opportunities to grow at that midstream business with cheaper equity and do that, then that would be our intent. But that's a while off, so things could change, tax laws could change, interest rates could change. But as we look at it today, that's the direction we would be headed.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And just to clarify on your comments around the dividend growth, you're planning to propose accelerated dividend growth starting, I guess, next year, assuming that Cameron enters construction as opposed to staying on the same trajectory you've been on recently and waiting all the way until 2018 for more of a step change. Is that correct?
Debra L. Reed: That's generally correct. Let me just have Joe talk about kind of how we're thinking about the dividend.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. As we said, we right now today have a dividend payout ratio that is higher than the 45% to 50% that we've set with the board long term because of the repatriation plan. And we just recommended and they approved an increase of almost 5% now for this year. And what we said is once Cameron is in construction later this year, then we go to next year's dividend, we think we will suggest a slightly faster pace that will allow us to get to the 45% to 50% in 2019. So you can kind of assume that we'll be suggesting something more of a straight line from 2015 to 2019 that you gets to that 45%, 50%.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just on the Cameron financing, is that pretty much just waiting for FERC approval before that gets secured? Or are there other issues that you're still working through?
Debra L. Reed: Mark, why don't you talk a little bit about where we stand on Cameron, in general, including the financing?
Mark A. Snell: Well, I think, in general, we're in very good shape. And I would point out that just to comment on, in line with the dividend question, just to remind you all that this whole project, we're committing existing assets and we fully expect to finance and use the contributions from our partners to finance construction. So that's not a drain on our cash, so we certainly are able to raise the dividend without -- that there's no concerns there. As far as financing goes, and Joe can comment on this as well, but we have a very, very robust response to our financing efforts. And we are highly confident of being able to completely finance this project without any problems.
Debra L. Reed: Another comment on where we are with the EPC, too.
Mark A. Snell: We're in the final kind of final weeks of negotiating the EPC contract. And what I will say is that we will have -- we will come out of with this with a contract that is a lump sum turnkey project contract that shifts the construction risk to the EPC contractor. And I think there was always some concern whether that would happen, but the market has been good around that and we have a very nice contract that we're very happy with, with a very experienced builder.
Operator: And we'll go next to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I want to ask about the underlying assets within the U.S. Natural Gas business. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing with gas storage economics, given the volatility we've just seen over the last couple of months and whether a change in the economics have started to appear in gas storage or whether the gas storage market appears somewhat depressed still?
Debra L. Reed: Sure, Michael. Let me just start generally, and then I'm going to turn it over to Mark to add a few more detail. We did talk about REX and what we see happening there. And many of you have written about what's happening in Marcellus and Utica. And you've talked about a lot of the pipelines reversing flow going into the Gulf area. And what we see in the Gulf area is we see colder gas conversion and in the Southeast in that region. And we also see all the LNG export occurring. And that -- we think that is going to change some of the dynamics relative to storage certainly. And what we're starting to see is an interest in contracting on longer-term basis for some of the storage assets because I think others are seeing the same thing and think that it will be good to get some long-term contracts. Mark, do you want to add a little bit to that?
Mark A. Snell: Yes. A couple of things I would just say is that -- and I know you can appreciate the technical nature of some of my comments here. But what we've seen in the past is we've had a very depressed storage market with really the only value being recognized is the summer, winter spread that frankly has been relatively small and weak over the last few years. We're certainly seeing that change now, we're seeing a higher value for that. But then I think even more importantly for the first time in probably 4 years or so, we're seeing a real return to some extrinsic value. So valuing that volatility around the gas market, we're seeing a value put on that, and we're getting that in our storage rates currently. So I think that part of the business seems to be coming back a bit. And in fact, I think for the first time we've actually sold some storage to marketers, which we haven't done in a long time. So there is something going on there. I'm a little bit reluctant to say that it's back to where it was 7 or 8 years ago. But it's certainly a better market today than it was 6 months ago.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And when thinking about REX and kind of the reversal of REX back to or at least a part of REX back to Midwest, how long do you and your partners think you could -- how long do you think it likely will take before you sign up a lot greater percentage or a greater portion of REX to move gas from either the Marcellus or Utica into the Midwest?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we would hope to do that very soon. That, as I said, we had a nonbinding open season. And there seemed to be a lot of interest in that, and so we would like to pursue that. And then you've also seen all the announcements through the pipeline, some of which actually connected to REX, the reverse flows going from north to south. And so we think this is going to happen relatively soon with the need for takeaway capacity out of the Marcellus and the Utica. We also are working on the lateral that we talked to you about previously, and that will be in service very shortly in 2014, probably by April. So the whole dynamics of that are changing that area is going to change rapidly and we need to be able to respond rapidly, and we will.
Operator: We'll go next to Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I have 2 questions. One, can you just talk about what you're seeing as it relates to the market for buying existing midstream assets as it relates to pricing, things like that? And second question, specifically on Cameron, with more clarity on financing costs, et cetera, do you still feel good about the numbers you laid out before in terms of the EPS contribution, et cetera?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Let me start with the last question on Cameron. And yes, we feel very good about the numbers that we've talked about at Cameron. With everything we've seen with the EPC contract, the financing and all, as I reaffirmed today, those numbers look good. I'll talk a little bit about at a high level, the midstream. And I don't want to go into details on assets. But what I think you're starting to see now is a cycle that's kind of been interesting and it's repeated itself multiple times in the E&P business, where you're starting to see more of the E&P companies look at selling off some of their midstream assets so that they can invest that stream. So I think what we saw a few years ago is starting to change a little bit. And so we will continue to look at opportunities as these changes occur. Chevron has looked at some asset sales. Chesapeake is looking at some asset sales. And it's very typical when E&P companies decide that they need to invest more upstream for them to look at the selling off some of those assets, and so we'll be exploring that. And in terms of asset pricing. Obviously, you're competing with MLPs and that are interested in getting those assets. And so we will continue to look at every opportunity that is out there and whether it fits for us. The good thing is that we have some opportunities in the LNG space that Mark will talk about more at the conference. But I'll let him just maybe give a little bit on that right now.
Mark A. Snell: Well, I would say that if you think of LNG as being sort of a midstream asset that's certainly MLP-able, we are starting to see opportunities in the LNG space. And I'm going into some detail on some specifics at the conference. But I think we are kind of starting construction on Cameron with a mindset that this isn't just a single-asset business. It is a business that we believe we can grow, and we can continue to add to it. And we're very excited about the opportunity to really have an LNG business and not just an LNG asset. So I think that's what's very exciting. And I will say on the other midstream stuff, it's a very competitive market. And the stuff that we've seen that's been priced reasonably is stuff that we typically don't want. And the stuff that we've looked at that we want is either not for sale or very, very expensive. And so we certainly are taking that into consideration. And I think most of you have enough confidence in us that this is a management team that's pretty thoughtful about how we make investments in these kinds of things. And we're looking to do -- we are certainly anxious to do something that builds shareholder value. But we're also very willing to be patient.
Joseph A. Householder: I'd just add to that one thing, too, is we're a very strong company with a very strong balance sheet. And where the 10-year debt is, is very low. And our after-tax cost of capital for borrowing money to buy something is pretty low. But as Mark said, we're going to be very disciplined about looking at things and make sure they were the right thing to do.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And just a quick follow-up. So you talked about the asset side. What about actually buying an existing company or sort of that idea?
Debra L. Reed: I'll ask Mark to add because I've already given some kind of my view. So I'll ask Mark to add...
Mark A. Snell: When you say buying an existing company, you mean as far as -- in which state.
Debra L. Reed: With a general partner or...
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. Or rather than buying -- doing a piecemeal and buying assets to put into an MLP, maybe buy an actual company that has existing assets, kind of existing MLP or something else?
Mark A. Snell: Well, I get it. Look, I think exactly the same comment applies, which is, I mean, the valuation metrics around assets and existing MLPs is pretty much the same, which is the ones you really want are very, very expensive and the ones that look like they're reasonably priced, there's usually something wrong and something we don't want. So I think the same -- all the same caveats apply. But as Joe said, we're more than willing to move on something if we find the right thing. We just haven't found it yet.
Operator: And we'll go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm not going to ask you any more about the MLP. But just -- since a lot of my questions have been asked, just a few quick ones. Is there any interest -- you guys have previously been in merchant power, you guys have really walked away from that, et cetera. Given where prices are and things coming up for sale, do you guys have any interest at all in that? Or is that pretty much still off the table?
Debra L. Reed: No. I mean, really our model now and our strategy, I think that works very well for us and that we have plenty of growth opportunities within this model is to do long-term contract and infrastructure. And so merchant business and the volatility of the merchant business doesn't really work well with our other assets. And so if we could do a long -- a 20-year contract or something and build a plant, but I don't consider it merchant, yes, we would do something like that. But to be in the market, like what happened when our DWR contract expired, is not where we want to be.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, makes sense. Just some real quick cleanup things. The Mexican taxing, did I understand it correctly that's mostly nonrecurring, that there really shouldn't be any impact going forward?
Joseph A. Householder: This is Joe. Going forward, it's $3 million to $4 million a year. It's 2% change in the tax rate on our pretax income, if not greater.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And then sundry items, the asset balance sort of increased again. Was there any impact on earnings for the quarter?
Trevor I. Mihalik: Yes. This is Trevor, Paul. Very limited there. On the sundry items, the increases there were primarily associated with the PBOP assets and the greenhouse gas allowances that increased there. So the PBOP assets and the pension assets increased by about $95 million and the greenhouse gas allowances were about $60 million and then we also had some workers' comp insurance increases there for about $40 million. Then included in there is also the Rabbi Trust. But year-over-year, that was about the same. So that was really the driver in the increase of the $263 million on sundry.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. But I mean, for the quarter, was there an EPS impact?
Trevor I. Mihalik: No, there was very minimal impact really associated with it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And then just finally, your stock has moved up a lot. Any thoughts of the stock split? I know it's kind of a cosmetic question, but just since I got you on the phone.
Debra L. Reed: I mean, people always ask us that question. I think when Berkshire Hathaway trades as it does, you kind of feel that most of the buyers can afford the stock as it is. And so unless there's some other compelling reason, it's not something that we spend a lot of time on most likely.
Operator: And we'll go next to Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: A couple of kind of cleaning-up questions. So on the dividend growth going forward. The comment was that we would potentially see a slightly faster rate of growth. Did I write that down correctly?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we had said before a 4% to 5% growth. And if you look at a 4% to 5% growth and you look at what happens when Cameron comes online with the earnings, you don't quite get to a 45% to 50% payout ratio. So we're looking at rather than wait and doing a 4% to 5%, and then waiting to have a step function increase when Cameron comes online, to smooth that a bit. So that should yield the dividend growth rate, that would be slightly higher than we would have done otherwise.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: All right. Okay, fair enough. Okay. And your discussion of SONGS, it sounds as though your expectations are pretty low for any settlement. Is that a fair assessment?
Debra L. Reed: No. I wouldn't assess it that way. But I really can't talk about any settlement discussions. So I wouldn't conclude that it's not possible or that it is possible, I just really can't talk about any kind of confidential settlement discussions.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right. How about in the absence of a settlement discussion, how long -- can you be any more specific about how long it might take until we get a fully litigated result?
Debra L. Reed: Well, I can tell you what the phases are. And there's 4 phases in the case. And we have a schedule for the first 2 phases, and we just heard that the first phase is already being delayed. It was supposed to come out in February. It will be delayed now until the end of March. And so we're thinking this will certainly take through this year and probably into next year if you just look at their schedule.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Okay. More CPUC delays, right? They never announce that it's coming sooner. And then one other area that I just jotted down. So on the impact of tax expense on the repatriation, is that going to be a steady impact in years going forward now? In other words, year-over-year, will there be any change in that?
Debra L. Reed: Let me ask Joe to handle that. The thing that I just would remind you all is this year, we did the IPO, so it was a little different this year and we repatriated about $200 million associated with that. Our plan called for us to repatriate about $300 million a year, henceforth. Joe, why don't you talk about the tax on that?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. So I think what we said a year or more ago when we announced this plan was that it would go on for about 5 or 6 years and that we would have with earnings impact, which would be roughly $0.25 or up to $0.30 a share. It might move around a little bit, just depending on some issues around the tax rules, the way they work and with our other income. But it should be in that neighborhood for about 5 or 6 years, so pretty [indiscernible].
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Very good. Okay. And one final area, just to get my thinking straight on this. The growth rate of 9% to 11%. Can you give us a sense of kind of what are the building blocks there? In other words, is that simply the kind of prior growth rate plus a CAGR that would get us to the addition of Cameron when it comes online? Or are there other things going on there?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Basically we'll go through this as an update at the analyst meeting. But we showed you those charts last year that had kind of our growth rate through 2018, 2017. And then it showed, if you added Cameron to that, the 9% to 11%. That's basically what we're talking about. We basically take what our 2018 earnings would be on our base business, you added a full year of Cameron and thats what gives you kind of the 9% range. And then there's upside, as we showed you last year, in terms of additional opportunities that could get you towards that 11% range. And we'll go through those in detail at our analyst meeting.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mark Barnett with Morningstar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I learned a new term today, MLP-able. Outside of the U.S., you've been doing obviously some really good building business down obviously in Central America, focused on Mexico. But I guess, maybe with that growing base of assets and maybe with a growing relationship, particularly with a partner like GDF SUEZ, do you see maybe some of these partnerships as a beginning of a larger platform for Latin America? And I guess, second part of that question would be I know your positions are already fairly strong. But is there any benefit to maybe a more formal agreement pursuing projects? Or is an ad hoc approach better suited?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I mean, I will say that we're looking at some bids that will be coming up, and we're looking at partners that would be good partners for us for those kinds of bids. And that we -- as you can see with our Cameron facility and what we've done with our Renewables business, we are not at all opposed to partnering. And especially if you can create a bigger pie by partnering, we really like that. So I think there's every opportunity that we would look at partners in Mexico, especially if we want to get into, as we would like to, some of the gathering and processing and areas like that in Mexico, it would be ideal to have a partner to work with there. And then the same thing, South America, and I would say the same thing in the United States.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And maybe a further question on Mexico, in particular. I know it's still in progress and you mentioned the gathering and processing, and obviously gas infrastructure is kind of appealing. But do you think that there -- given some pretty, I guess, impressive growth fundamentals and investment needs, does electric distribution have any interest in the longer term for Sempra?
Debra L. Reed: This is something that I would just say we are watching, and that the thing that we're really watching is what happens with rate structures that really allows you to be competitive. And we think the electric businesses is a good business. They have a lot of capital requirements in that business in the long term. We have aging infrastructure throughout the U.S., so there's a lot of opportunity to invest in transmission as well. So there are parts of that business that we like a lot. And so I wouldn't rule it out. We happen to own the largest gas distribution company and we love the gas business. So with that, a lot of our growth is really focused on the gas side, as you see. But that doesn't mean that electric is not of interest to us.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess, in particular, for Mexico, there's still, I guess, a lot of rate formalities as it were that have yet to be ironed out around electric distribution is my understanding?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes.
Debra L. Reed: That's correct.
Operator: And we'll go next to Joe Zhou [ph] with Avon Capital Advisors.
Andrew Levi: Actually, it's Andy Levi. And I apologize if the question was kind of asked because I see the headlines, but I was at a different meeting, so I kind of just got back. But just on the MLP front, would you guys consider purchasing? I know since you're on the headlines on Bloomberg that you'd purchase assets to create an MLP. But would you actually consider buying a small MLP to kind of jumpstart that process?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We would consider that. What our focus will be on though is creating the greatest long-term value. And if we saw something like that, that was reasonably priced, we thought we could grow it with some other assets we have. And we would be particularly interested in something where if you combine the assets that they have with the assets that we had, 1 plus 1 would equal more than 2. And if we could find something like that, then yes, we would be open to that. Mark stated earlier that what's been shopped, usually if it's priced reasonably, it's not something we would have much interest in. And that a lot of the other things just seem already having every potential growth priced in. And so if it looks like it would be good for our long-term shareholder interest, we are absolutely willing to consider that as an option.
Andrew Levi: And I assume you have obviously the currency to do that, so...
Debra L. Reed: Yes.
Andrew Levi: Yes. I guess, that gives you some options, a better way to put it.
Operator: And we'll go next to Josh Golden with JPMorgan.
Joshua Golden: I'm so sorry for asking the question upfront. This probably isn't the best place to ask you. But can you talk a little bit more about the LNG, Cameron LNG terminal? So from the producer side, where exactly is this gas going to be coming from? Is this more Marcellus-Utica gas? Or is it more Eastern Texas-type of gas? And I guess, I'm just sort of thinking in combination, many years ago, you guys made the acquisition of EnergySouth and the storage assets down there. So I'm just trying to think about how all this works together. And really curious, where do you see the gas coming from for this terminal?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, let me ask Mark to answer that. But I just want to be clear on one thing. We don't buy the gas through the terminal. Our customers will be buying the gas through the terminal. Basically, our contract to the terminal is almost like a take-or-pay contract with the pipeline, where when the facility goes in service, whether they use it or not, we get paid and that they buy the gas and they sell the gas. So I just want to be sure that you understand kind of the structure before Mark answers your specific question. Mark?
Joshua Golden: Yes, I sure do.
Mark A. Snell: Okay, yes. Look, I think, well, this answer is going to sound a little bit like the current administration. It's kind of an all-of-the-above strategy. Our customers are going to acquire gas both -- there will be Marcellus gas that we expect to flow south into the facility and we'll also -- obviously the Texas production will flow there as well. And there could even be Midcon and other production basins that will flow into this facility. And if you think about our facility and the other LNG facilities that are in that region, even with and coupled out with the petrochemical businesses and the proposed petrochemical plants all in that Gulf region, this is going to be a very, very large area of consumption for natural gas, and so supplies will come from all over. All of the producing regions will end up supplying this region. And we're seeing that now. And it's actually -- that's what one of the things that's creating value for not only our storage assets, as you mentioned, but also some of our pipeline assets that you might not even think about. REX is looking like becoming more of a header system for the whole north part of the country. And that header system is going to feed both going north and south. So we do think there'll be some interplay with our other assets.
Joshua Golden: So that's interesting. Now just one follow-up. So if you look at the basis spread differential, it's really collapsed year-over-year and hence, all the feedback storage, et cetera. What do you think will happen to basis spread differential between north, south, et cetera? I mean, do you see those increasing again? Or how do you see that shaking out?
Mark A. Snell: I think because we have found gas in so many places across the country, and some of those places are so close to the consuming regions, basis spread has collapsed around the country. And I think what you're going to really see is -- and like all infrastructure, we do have a lot of pipeline infrastructure, it's just some of it is not going in the right direction. So as we make the incremental investments to be able to move gas in the direction that we need it to go, you're going to see the basis kind of reduced down to the tariff on those lines.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Real quick. I'd like to turn back to the original -- one of the original businesses, the utilities in California. Can you just talk a little bit about how the agreement with the FERC on FERC transmission impacts revenues for 2014?
Debra L. Reed: Sure. Let me go through exactly what the settlement is, and then talk about the impact. So it's a multiparty settlement. It's uncontested. It sets an ROE at 10.05%. And it's based upon the actual equity as recorded on 12/31 of each year. It will go from September 1, 2013, to December 31, 2018. So that's gives you kind of the duration of this. And if you look at where we were at 11.3% ROE to a 10.05% ROE, that's something like $20 million to $30 million a year of impact in that production of ROE based upon the FERC assets, the FERC rate base that we have. And that has been included in our guidance. So the numbers that we gave you, we started having this effect in 2013. Once we knew a settlement was pending, we were booking to the settlement amount. And it's reflected in our 2014 guidance.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So when you say it was in the 2013 numbers, meaning that full amount was, so there's no incremental year-over-year delta? Or was part of that '13 and part '14?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Well, the only incremental would be as the rate base increases. But it was in '13 for the fourth quarter from September 1 forward when the prior rate expires.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And on the O&M side at both utilities, I mean, you guys over the years have been one of the best, if not the best, operator at the utility level. Just curious what some of the operating efficiencies you've been able to find and how we should think about kind of directional trends from 2012 onwards for the next few years in terms of utility O&M.
Debra L. Reed: Well, I mean, I would say that we're always -- this is a constant improvement effort at our utilities, as you well know. And so last year, some of the efficiencies of operations were able to offset some of these [indiscernible] reductions in ROE and SONGS, to some extent. And we would see us continuing to work at that level of efficiency and looking for other opportunities to improve. What I will say is safety is our first priority, and we will not do anything that would reduce the safety of our service. And so that is the key focus for our people. But new technologies come in all the time. We have opportunities to change the way we dispatch workers, change the way we time appointments, change the way we use technology to answer customer calls, route customer calls. Those are the kinds of things we really focus on that can improve customer service, improve safety and reduce cost.
Operator: And we'll go next to Winfried Fruehauf with W. Fruehauf Consulting Ltd.
Winfried Fruehauf: Regarding Energía Costa Azul, what was the net income contribution in 2012 and '13 and also the fourth quarters of each year?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We don't break it down. We share data at segment levels, Winfried, so we would not break it down to that kind of a level. You can kind of look at the Mexico segment and see.
Joseph A. Householder: We've decided it's relatively stable because it's under a long-term contract, so there's very little difference between '12 and '13. So it's the same, but we don't give that kind of detail.
Winfried Fruehauf: Okay. And another question, if I may. What was the total foreign exchange impact in 2012 and '13 and also the fourth quarters of each year?
Trevor I. Mihalik: Across all businesses, it was fairly small. I don't have the number right off the top of my head. But in the fourth quarters, it was approximately $5 million to $6 million in the fourth quarter of '14. But I need to pull the number to get that specifically for you and not much different from that for the full year.
Winfried Fruehauf: Okay. And that was negative?
Trevor I. Mihalik: That's right.
Joseph A. Householder: The dollar would strengthen.
Winfried Fruehauf: Yes, okay. Well, if you could maybe get back to me please with the numbers, that would be appreciated.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up question from Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of items. On the 9% to 11% growth rate, to get back to that, what's the base EPS that you're using there? Is it the 2013 actual now?
Debra L. Reed: No. We'll go through that at the analyst meeting. I don't have all of that in front of me right now. We'll update all of that for 2014 through 2018, and then the show you 2019 at the analyst meeting. And I'd rather do it that way versus giving you pieces of information because I don't want to create confusion around that. And we'll have slides on all of that at the meeting.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Sure, okay. One other item, I noted that the Energen, according to reports, is selling Alagasco. You guys have been in that part of the world for a while. Do you have any interest in gas distribution in Alabama?
Debra L. Reed: We can't really comment on any kind of transactions like that.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ms. Reed, at this time, I will turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thank you, all for joining us today, and thank you for all of your questions. We look forward to answering more questions at our analyst meeting coming up at the end of March and going through a lot more detail with you at that time. In the meantime, if you have any questions that you need follow-up on, please contact Rick Vaccari or any of the people in our Investor Relations group to help you in the meantime. And we will see you at the end of March. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-05 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Vice President of Investor Relations Debra L. Reed - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Joseph A. Householder - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark A. Snell - President
Analysts: Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Naaz Khumawala - Wolfe Research, LLC Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Ashar Khan Vedula Murti
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Sempra Energy Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's third quarter 2013 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Martha Wyrsch, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Trevor Mihalik, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's 10-K and most recent 10-Q. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our third quarter 2013 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, November 5, 2013, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 3, and let me hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Rick, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Let me begin with our 2013 earnings guidance. We currently expect full year earnings to fall within our guidance range of $4.30 to $4.60 per share. Last week, however, Mexican tax reform moved forward in Congress and we expect it to be enacted this year. The deferred tax impact of this reform would negatively affect fourth quarter 2013 earnings by about $0.05 per share. Prior to the reform, we expected earnings for the year to be near the midpoint of our guidance range. Joe will discuss this issue in more detail a little later on the call. Moving to the quarter. I'm pleased with our performance, and most notably, progress continued on our many infrastructure projects. These projects, which I will update you on shortly, should drive our long-term growth outlook of 6% to 8%. Based on the projects we have underway, I am confident that our company is well positioned for the strong growth profile we outlined in our analyst presentation. Before moving on to our financial results, I want to make note of some key management changes that we announced during the quarter. In early September, Martha Wyrsch joined Sempra as Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Many of you know Martha from her time at Duke Energy, Spectra Energy and Vestas. In addition to prior experience as General Counsel, she brings a wealth of industry knowledge and experience to our management team. As you know, we take great pride in the strength of our team and depth of our leadership bench. We also moved people within our organization as part of our plans to develop future leaders. In September, we announced several changes to the management teams at our business units that will take effect next year. Most of these individuals, you already know. At SDG&E, Jeff Martin will become CEO and Steve Davis will take over as President and Chief Operating Officer. Jeff will replace Jessie Knight, who will come back to Sempra as our Executive Vice President of External Affairs. Steve will take over for Mike Niggli, who is retiring after a 42-year career in the energy industry. At SoCalGas, Dennis Arriola will become CEO, replacing Ann Smith, who will retire after more than 3 decades with the company. Bret Lane will replace Dennis as Chief Operating Officer at SoCalGas. And finally, Patti Wagner will replace Jeff as President and CEO of Sempra U.S. Gas & Power. This team brings the strong leadership, financial, operating and technical skills necessary to deliver on our long-term growth plans. Now let me hand things to Joe to discuss the financial results in more detail starting with Slide 4. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder: Thank you, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $296 million or $1.19 per share. This compares to earnings of $268 million or $1.09 per share in the same quarter last year, which included a $60 million impairment charge on our investment in the Rockies Express Pipeline. On an adjusted basis, earnings for the third quarter of 2012, after excluding the impairment charge, were $328 million. You can see from the statement of operations that tax expense was very low last year. The third quarter of 2012 included a $33 million tax benefit at SDG&E related to the prior period effect of adopting a new method for deducting repairs. Excluding this from 2012 would essentially result in relatively flat adjusted earnings between the third quarters of 2012 and 2013. It is also important to note that in 2013, we overcame the effect of the dilution from the IEnova IPO, as well as the $63 million tax impact recorded in the first quarter of this year related to our cash repatriation plan. Excluding the impact of these 2 items and the low tax expense in 2012 that I just mentioned, our core business has performed very well year-to-date. Now let's go through the segment results in more detail, beginning with SDG&E on Slide 5. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the third quarter of 2013 were $129 million. SDG&E's earnings were lower due to a $46 million increase in income tax expense compared to 2012. This was primarily driven by the impact of the tax treatment change I just mentioned and was also impacted by $7 million of higher tax expense from unfavorable adjustments for prior years' tax issues and the remainder from a higher effective tax rate in 2013 as compared to 2012. This quarter, SDG&E earned $15 million from higher CPUC-based operating margin and electric transmission margin net of expenses. These earnings were essentially offset by a $6 million effect of a lower rate of return from our cost-of-capital decision, $5 million of lower earnings due to the loss of SONGS-based margin as a result of the plant closure, and $3 million related to the redemption of SDG&E's preferred stock. Now please turn to Slide 6. Third quarter 2013 earnings at Southern California Gas were $102 million compared to earnings of $71 million last year. This quarter's increase is primarily the result of $12 million of higher CPUC-based operating margin as a result of the final GRC decision net of expenses, and $10 million benefit from lower income tax rate, mainly due to a change in repair expenditure deductions for natural gas pipelines that began in the fourth quarter of last year. Now let's move to Sempra International on Slide 7. At our South American Utilities, earnings were $39 million in the third quarter of 2013 compared to earnings of $40 million in the same period of 2012. Excluding the impact of the loss on the sale of our Argentine investment, our business in South America is in line with expectations through the first 9 months of the year. Third quarter 2013 earnings for the Sempra Mexico segment were $39 million versus earnings of $42 million in the third quarter of last year. The decrease is due to $9 million from noncontrolling interest at IEnova related to our reduced ownership, partially offset by a $7 million benefit primarily due to negative foreign currency effects, which largely relate to the third quarter of 2012. Please turn to Slide 8. Moving to Sempra U.S. Gas & Power, the Natural Gas segment lost $7 million in the third quarter of 2013 compared to a loss of $8 million in the year ago period after excluding last year's $60 million impairment charge on REX. The third quarter is typically a challenging one for the Natural Gas business due to the seasonal nature of gas storage, and this quarter's performance is in line with our expectations. Longer term, lower natural gas and power prices continue to affect this segment. But as you know, we have clear actions underway to improve our performance. These include selling and/or contracting the remainder of our generation plant in Arizona and developing the Cameron LNG export terminal and related facilities. The Renewables segment recorded earnings of $37 million in the third quarter of 2013, up from earnings of $13 million in the third quarter of 2012. The increase is largely driven by $24 million in gains from the contribution of our assets to the newly formed 50-50 solar joint ventures with Con Ed. Please turn to Slide 9. Turning to our guidance for 2013. As Debbie mentioned at the outset, we still expect earnings for the full year to fall within our range. Based on events last week though, it now appears that changes to the Mexican tax law are likely to occur this year. The proposed legislation would keep future Mexican corporate tax rates at 30% as opposed to having them drop back to 28% as is the current law. This legislation would negatively impact Sempra's fourth quarter earnings by about $0.05 per share as a result of adjusting the deferred tax balance to the higher rate. The ongoing impact of this legislation should not be significant to earnings. Additionally, we are working to finalize the formation of a joint venture at our Energía Sierra Juárez project at IEnova. We plan to partner with BP Wind on ESJ, but their decision to exit the wind development business has caused us to find another partner, somewhat prolonging the process. Our guidance includes earnings of about $0.05 per share related to the formation, which reflects an expected gain on the contribution of the assets to the JV, and some recovery of development costs we have already incurred. We are currently in advanced discussions with potential investors but completion of the deal as planned may not occur this year, which would defer those earnings. I'd like to reiterate the fundamentals of our business remain very strong and we continue to be very optimistic about our future growth prospects. We will talk further about those prospects when we update our 2014 guidance on our next quarterly call. Now let me hand the call back to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Joe. Turning to our utilities in California. The SONGS dispute resolution process between Southern California Edison and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries has ended and will now move to binding arbitration. Edison is taking to hold MHI liable for damages, which are estimated to be in excess of $4 billion due to the defective steam generators that were installed at the plant. SDG&E has also filed a lawsuit against MHI to protect its legal rights in the matter. The CPUC regulatory proceedings on SONGS continue and we expect to see a proposed decision on the first phase, which deals with defining the cost related to the outage by the end of this year. Subsequent phases of the investigation will likely be resolved over the next few years. Parties have been encouraged by the commission to engage in settlement discussion to find a mutually agreeable and comprehensive solution. Moving on to rate reform. Last month, Governor Brown signed Assembly Bill 327 into law. This important piece of legislation will go into effect on January 1, 2014, and gives the CPUC the flexibility to implement fair and reasonable reforms of the State's residential electric rates and net energy metering program. Additionally, the law grants to CPUC the authority to implement a monthly fixed charge of up to $10 per residential customer as of January 1, 2015. It also allows the CPUC to establish default time-of-use residential rate on or after January 1, 2018. Returning authority to the CPUC to address long-term rate structure issues in California is a very positive step to overall rate reform. The CPUC is expected to issue a ruling on next step as part of its residential rate reform OIR but will likely address AB-327 implementation through various proceedings, many of which are currently underway. With respect to SDG&E's rate case, an administrative law judge was assigned and hearings have been set for May 2014, with any rate adjustment retroactive to September 1 of this year. Even though we are on a hearing track, FERC encourages informal settlement discussions, and those discussions are currently taking place. Based on recent decision, and the fact that SDG&E does not currently have any incentive adders in relation to existing projects, the outcome of this proceeding may result in an ROE closer to 10%, which is slightly lower than our range of anticipated outcome. This quarter, we received commission approval to construct SDG&E's new South Bay substation. The project should cost between $145 million and $175 million, and should be in service in 2017. Last week, we received a proposed decision approving our $200 million Aliso Canyon Compressor station at SoCalGas and expect that project to come online in late 2016. Both of these projects are part of our base growth plan, are important infrastructure upgrades for our utility. We are still awaiting a proposed decision on our pipeline safety enhancement plan, or PSEP, and expect that decision to come out this quarter. As you know, we have received authorization to track cost in a memo account and are currently sending capital and O&M in anticipation of a final decision. Please turn to Slide 11. Moving to our Cameron Liquefaction project, we received EPC bids last quarter from 2 groups, and we expect to select our final contractor by the end of this year or early 2014. Based on the significant front-end engineering work we did and our initial review of these bids, we remain very comfortable that we will find a lump sum turnkey contract, and that total project cost for the liquefaction facility will remain in the estimated range of $9 billion to $10 billion. We are also progressing in our efforts to secure financing for the project and expect to receive credit approved proposals from lenders by year end. There has been strong interest from both Japanese export credit agencies and commercial banks to participate in this financing, and we believe that will allow us to close long-tenor borrowing at very attractive rate. On the permitting front, we are currently second in the queue to receive our non-FTA permit from DOE and we expect to receive that permit by year end. The trend for non-FTA permits continues to point in a positive direction, and we are pleased to see that prior to the government shut down, DOE had quickened its pace between permit approvals. The project remains on track to receive all other necessary regulatory approval, sign an EPC contract, finalize financing commitments and start construction by the first half of next year. This will allow us to begin operations from the first train in the second half of 2017 with subsequent trains expected to come online 6 months after each prior one. Let's now go on to Slide 12. In September, we acquired the rights to develop the Broken Bow 2 Wind Project in Nebraska. The project has a total capacity of 75 megawatts and has a power purchase agreement with the Nebraska Public Power District. We expect the project to come online late next year. Consistent with our strategy for our renewables portfolio, we anticipate project financing the facility and should have a 50% partner before operations commence. Further exemplifying this strategy, last quarter, we completed the formation of 50-50 joint ventures for Mesquite Solar 1 and Copper Mountain Solar 2. We received cash proceeds of $174 million for the 2 transactions, and as Joe mentioned, recorded a total after-tax gain of $24 million this quarter. We have also launched the partnership process for our 250-megawatt Copper Mountain Solar 3 project. That project will be fully operational in 2015 and has a 20-year agreement to sell the power to LADWP in the City of Burbank. Let's now go on to Slide 13. Last quarter, the President of Mexico presented to Congress a proposal to reform the energy sector that will allow for a liberalization of the Mexican energy market. The president appears to have broad support for the proposed reform and his administration has indicated they would like to see a bill passed by the end of this year. Even without energy reform, IEnova has very strong growth prospects, and additional opportunities presented by reform should be incremental to projects we currently have in development. Last month, PEMEX announced that it intends to work with our joint venture to develop the 275-mile north segment of the Los Ramones II pipeline, an important project for Mexico that will ensure reliable supply of natural gas to growing industrial centers. We are working with PEMEX to define the terms of the project in the coming weeks. But we expect IEnova's participation in the $1 billion project will be at least 25%. PEMEX will execute a long-term take-or-pay contract for all of the pipeline capacity and the project will earn a rate of return approved by the Mexican regulator. I'm also pleased to report that we have begun construction on the first phase of the Sonora pipeline project and this phase is on track to go into service in the second half of next year. We also started construction on the ESJ wind project last month, and that project should start delivering energy in 2015 to SDG&E under a 20-year agreement. Two significant projects in our JV with PEMEX, the ethane pipeline and the Los Ramones I pipeline, are also expected to go into service in the latter half of next year. Construction on the ethane pipeline began last quarter and construction on Los Ramones I should begin late this year. Lastly, the joint venture LPG terminal in Guadalajara is scheduled to begin operations this month. In summary, we had another very solid quarter, and I am pleased that our focused strategy continues to deliver results. We are making progress as planned on our major infrastructure projects and have approximately $2.5 billion of projects scheduled to come online next year. Additionally, Sempra's future prospects are very strong with significant incremental growth opportunities across the company. And I remain positive that the company is well positioned to continue to deliver exceptional performance. And with that, let me stop and take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was wondering if you guys could talk a little bit about the potential investments you may be looking at in California to relieve some of the congestion and retirement issues with SONGS coming out of service and how large some of these investments could be. And I just have a follow-up on the LNG side.
Debra L. Reed: Sure, I'd be happy to tell you what we're looking at right now. In terms of quantification, we're still working on that, but I can kind of go through what the needs are, Faisel. In looking at SONGS replacement, I would say that there are 2 areas of focus. One is on the electric side, but the other is on the natural gas side. And both of those will require reinforcement. On the electric side, we will be improving the electric transmission system to provide voltage support, and SDG&E will be doing the construction of that. That's already been allocated by the ISO to -- for SDG&E to give an estimate for doing that. We will also be looking at new electric transmission. And that electric transmission for the state is something that the ISO is working on now and is likely to be competitively bid. And so ourselves and others would have the opportunity to bid on that. And that is expected to be several billion dollars’ worth of work. And then on the natural gas infrastructure side, we've been working with the ISO, because with the gas needs from both the SONGS retirement and once through cooling that goes into place that there is going to be some need to reinforce the gas system to provide for more gas fire generation and basin. And so both SoCalGas and then SDG&E are also looking at that. And we would anticipate laying out a plan with the ISO to the CPUC within the next year on the gas system enhancement.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then just on the LNG project cost. The $2 billion of financing cost, can you just give us an idea what the underlying cost of capital is in that $2 billion number? It seems a little bit high, but I'm just trying to figure out how to calculate it.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. You're taking the $6 billion to $7 billion and you're subtracting that from the $9 billion to $10 billion, is that where you're coming up with the $2 billion?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. I mean, I think you guys talked about it in your Slide 2, $2 billion of financing cost.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, let me have Joe kind of go through where we -- first of all, where we are on financing and then how that kind of plays out. And some of it is reserves that we have to do.
Joseph A. Householder: Faisel, it's Joe. Yes, what Debbie said is correct, that we have required reserves and costs around the financing program. But as she mentioned, it's going very well. We have a term sheet and Kate Collier, the Treasurer, and others on the team. And our partners have been going around to visit with the large financial institutions in Japan and New York, and are in -- trying to get the rating agencies to rate the project, which should have a very strong credit rating. But this money all really relates to sort of capitalized interest and the required reserves that the financing is going to require so that they can make their debt service payments.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So the required reserves, is that -- you say it's half that $2 billion?
Joseph A. Householder: I don't think we've said how much exactly it is.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Naaz Khumawala with Wolfe Research.
Naaz Khumawala - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just a couple questions. One is on the FERC ROE, when you guys said it's around 10%. That's so -- I think, Debbie, you mentioned that there's no -- you currently have no incentives on there. Are you going to ask for incentives or should I just assume it's 10% on the FERC rate base?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I mean, what we're looking at is for new projects that we would have the ability to ask for incentives for new projects that we would do, and we would look at requesting incentives for new projects. For the existing projects, when we put the formulaic rate in place that we've had for a number of years, the condition was that we would not ask for incentives for any of the projects that were under that formulaic rate, so that's how I think you might want to look at. And how FERC deals with incentive requests for new projects, we can't forecast how that will come out.
Naaz Khumawala - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, so it's going to go from the 10.3% to the 10% based on, I guess, what you are seeing right now?
Debra L. Reed: We're at -- our current is 11.3%.
Naaz Khumawala - Wolfe Research, LLC: Sorry, I thought it was 10.3% plus 100, but I guess I'm mistaken.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, we're currently at 11.3%.
Naaz Khumawala - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, 11.3% to 10%. Great. And then on like the Broken Bow project and Los Ramones II, when you guys at the Analyst Day gave your 6% to 8% growth rate, when you talked about potential other projects that would be in addition to the growth rate, are these types of -- the wind and the new pipe, is that in addition to or is that inclusive in the 6% to 8%?
Debra L. Reed: Let me kind of go through what are some of the projects that are -- were not identified in the 6% to 8%. And as we said at the analyst conference, that there were some -- based on the projects in the 6% to 8%, they may be sized differently than they were. They may have some time changes and all. So it's not as clear as this is a 6% to 8%, and then here's the 9% to 11%. But I would say we've made significant progress on new projects since we saw you at the Analyst Day. And let me just go through some of the things that we're looking at now. Los Ramones II, I talked about that. We're looking at a minimum of 25% of that project. So $250 million, $300 million of investment there as the -- on the low side. We have 2 Chilean transmission projects that we have agreements on that came after the Analyst Day and that we will own 50% of those projects, and the total is $80 million. So we'll have 50% of that. And those are scheduled for completion in the 2017, 2018 timeframe. We also have the Broken Bow project that we talked about. We have some SONGS replacement needs that Faisel just asked about in the last question, and we're going through the process of trying to quantify some of those right now. And then there are some other projects obviously we're working on that we will announce when we can confirm that we've received those projects. And then finally, the PUC came out with a ruling on battery storage, and that was incremental to any of the plans. But I believe that all of that is likely to be in the later years of the plan based upon what we're looking at right now. And these projects will either -- PSEP, as an example, that could vary from what we had in our plan that we filed 2 years ago because we've identified some additional records that would reduce the mileage on that. But at the same time, the timeframe to get the work done and the cost estimates for doing that have likely gone up. So we're likely to have to file an update on that. And so these projects will either add to or supplement some of the 6% to 8% growth. What I would say bottom line is with everything we have going, I have great confidence that we can achieve that 6% to 8% growth and possibly more.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: You pointed out that the pace of approvals by the DOE, the non-FTA approvals, have been improving. I think it was down to about a month between the last 2 approvals. But it's been almost 2 months now since the last one, and you pointed out that we had the government shutdown during that time. But is this latest delay causing any concern for you folks? And have you heard anything from your discussions with stakeholders or decision makers over the last couple of months that makes you more or less optimistic about getting the license this year?
Debra L. Reed: I think everything we're hearing is quite constructive, and that if you kind of look at how long it took them to approve the prior project is something like 35 days, and if you add the government shutdown time to the 35 days, then hopefully, we'll see something coming out within the next week or so on Freeport. And then if they keep to that pace, we do believe that we would be in the -- would be next up in the approval queue. We would be #1 then after Freeport expansion and expect to get that by the end of this year if they kept up that type of schedule. I would say that Secretary Moniz just traveled to Japan. And I think the thing that is very clear is that the Japanese have made a strong case for the need of getting these projects moved forward quickly because of their need to have deliveries in the 2017, 2018 period. And that -- we had read and it's been reported to us that Moniz was quite constructive on keeping this kind of pace of 1 to 2 months approval on the project when he was in Japan.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. Just kind of following up on the last question. When you think back to the Analyst Day and you gave us kind of the 2 long-term EPS growth scenarios, 6% to 8%, including projects in your base capital plan, and an 8% to 10% with some opportunities not in the plan. As you just pointed out, there have been at least a couple, if not more, of those other development opportunities that now seem to be getting pulled into the plan. So I guess, can you just put -- help us put into context of the 2 different growth rates you described? And are we starting to get towards the upper end of the base range or the lower end of that high range or crossing over, if you could just help us? And if -- put in context a little bit more.
Debra L. Reed: I would just repeat the statement. I think we have great confidence and visibility to the 6% to 8%. And that when we give you our outlook at our analyst conference next year, we'll lay out for the 5 years again. But you can look at those charts we gave you and see that we have made progress. So we'll go through all of that when we can update all of our numbers at our analyst conference.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. Can you just remind us, as a last question, what the initial range of anticipated FERC rates, you are thinking of was?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we don't ever do a public forecast. But I mean, we kind of monitor and set our plans based upon kind of what is coming out from FERC. So as I said, we're looking to be slight -- in the low end of the kind of range that we had anticipated going in. So we don't give any kinds of ranges. They are factored in though when we give you the guidance ranges, and that's why we give you by business unit guidance ranges so that there's some flexibility as to where some of these things might come out that we don't know the outcome of.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The first question I had was just on where you stood on forming an MLP for Cameron and whether or not you think you have enough assets that would kind of get you started there until Cameron comes online, and then I have a follow-up.
Debra L. Reed: Somehow, we anticipated this question. So I'm going to have Mark talk about that. Mark?
Mark A. Snell: Rajeev, obviously, as we get Cameron moving, we are looking at this MLP opportunity. We think it would be a great asset to anchor an MLP for us. And I think, really, the question is as we look out at it is when will it start cash flowing and when would be the most opportune time to do that. So I think as an anchored -- as sort of the anchored tenant of our MLP, I think we're looking probably around, as we approach the first cash flows from the business, which should probably be 2016 or '17.
Debra L. Reed: I would just add on this, too, is that when we look at -- just like what we did with IEnova, when we look at forming an MLP, when we look at doing an IPO, we really feel that it's absolutely critical to have a growth strategy and to have clarity on how you grow beyond the initial dropdown of the assets. And I would hope that with our highly successful IPO of IEnova that you see, we're not hesitant to consider these types of financial structures, but -- that we try to time that when they align with our business interest. And with IEnova, I think that was a great example. We knew the Mexican reform was coming. We had some projects we thought we could show some clear growth on. We launched the IPO, and the stock is up something like 51%. So that's the type of transaction we like to do around here. So I would hope you would have some confidence that we'll look at all of these kinds of structures in light of that.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up, probably, a question for Joe. But in terms of your cash position at the end of the third quarter, you had about $1 billion or so. Can you just talk about the large number there and expectations of using it going forward?
Joseph A. Householder: Sure, Rajeev, absolutely. And I mentioned this a little bit on the last call. A lot of that actually is cash from the IEnova IPO. There's about $500 billion in Mexico that's being used as we talk building the Sonora pipeline. We expect to use that over the course of the next several months, and then, possibly go back and raise some more debt to finish the pipeline off next year. As we've mentioned before, we have about $350 million in Chile in the holding company above the Chilean utility. And we are looking and have some active projects going on right now that we haven't talked about and we will once we have a chance to firm it up and be able to talk about that. So we're actively working to use that money. And about $167 million of it was at SDG&E because we did an offering, a bond offering at SDG&E. And part of that was used to redeem the preferred stock in October. So the cash is pretty well spoken for.
Operator: We'll go next to Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: First question is on Los Ramones II. Could you kind of explain the progression from not bidding in to eventually getting a 25% or more stake in the project, and what's changed and maybe how that affects your outlook for investment in Mexico going forward?
Debra L. Reed: Sure. We'd be happy to. I'm going to ask Mark to comment on that.
Mark A. Snell: Okay. Neel, good question. Well, first on the reason that we didn't bid is, I think, the -- when the proposal was put out, we looked at it and we really didn't feel like there was enough time being allowed for us to do an effective bid. And while we did lobby to try to get extensions, that didn't happen. And PEMEX went forward with the bid. And so we've decided that because we didn't feel like we had enough time to do a fulsome bid and really have a number that we felt very comfortable with, we decided not to bid. As a result, I think partly because of the timing and other issues, the bids that came in didn't meet their expectations, nor did they conform with the bid instructions, and so they were rejected. Or the one bid they did get in was rejected, then they went back and talked to the potential bidders and worked out a program to really get this pipeline done on time and meet their -- and help meet their expectations. And they came back to us, I think, because we have a, a long history with PEMEX of doing projects with them. We have a joint venture in place that has been very, very successful. And I think they felt very comfortable in dealing with us and making sure that if we did commit to something that we can make sure that it would happen on time and within the kind of monetary restrictions that they were looking for. And so as a result, we've been able to -- we're negotiating with them to get this project done. We'll have at least 25%. And we expect that they have sort of a regulated rate of return.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And on the second question, you mentioned once-through cooling as a reason as to why transmission might need to be built. How committed do you think the state is with the existing schedule for shutdowns for gas plants that have that problem right now? And do you think maybe they'd push out that schedule in light of SONGS and some of the reliability issues that they didn't anticipate for that?
Debra L. Reed: I will just tell you on past history, when it comes to environmental issues in California, I have not seen them generally delayed. So the ISO is very actively planning for the restrictions on once-through cooling and looking at the needs that come from SONGS and from some potential low growth over time. So the way we look at it is that, that is going to be happening. And if it's like everything else in California on the environmental front, it doesn't appear too likely to be delayed.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Barnett with Morningstar Equity Research.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: A couple of -- you answered a lot specifics earlier. And I am wondering, maybe on a more general level, when you look at the potential for a reform bill, based on what you've seen and what the government's really looking to incentivize, what do you think the most kind of relevant items you expect to be addressed in the high -- kind of highest probability stuff that we'd see?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I'll take a first crack at that, and then I'll ask Mark to add to it. I mean, we look at reform and a lot of the reform deals with the oil side of the business, clearly. And we do have some interest at Sempra and possibly going into the gathering and processing. And one of the things that they're looking at under the reform is trying to get more participants in offshore and in some of the leasehold areas, so that PEMEX can have their investments go in and more of the conventional plays and bring in some of the oil from the conventional plays to the market, but I think there's good opportunities for us to expand out of natural gas. We're doing that right now with PEMEX in the area of ethane. We're building an ethane pipeline. And so we see a lot of gas opportunities obviously with the reform. They're trying to convert all of the power plants in the state from fuel oil to natural gas, and so we see continued construction of pipelines occurring, but I would not limit it to that as kind of how we look at the future for Sempra. Mark, do you want to?
Mark A. Snell: Yes, I would just say too, that I think one important thing to note is, is that with or without reforms, we're very well positioned in Mexico to continue to build out energy infrastructure. And I think the reforms, to the extent that they come, will only enhance our ability to do -- to continue to do that, because they'll bring on -- more fields will be brought on. There'll be more need for pipelines. There'll be more need for treatment facilities. There'll be more needs for the kinds of things that are in our wheelhouse. But as that's happening and as there's more and more emphasis in Mexico on the fact that they need to divert more monies into E&P, there's going to be those opportunities for us to continue to fund their infrastructure needs. And so we -- no matter how this comes out, we think, even without reform, we have a pretty bright future there. And with perform, it gets even better because there will just be more activity. So we're pretty excited about it.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: That's very interesting. And I guess, one last question on Mexico. With the proposed tax reform that you are -- have already sort of addressed with the deferred tax issue, but is this fairly firm at this point? Are there any incremental changes that might actually -- you mentioned on a look-forward basis it's not a serious issue given the small size of the change, but is there anything that might be meaningful for energy assets in general?
Debra L. Reed: I'll have Joe address that. I think just last week, Congress moved it forward. And we think that this is going to pass this year. And that's why we wanted to give you the heads-up on this call. But I'll have Joe address kind of the future view.
Joseph A. Householder: Sure. When this -- when the energy reform was proposed and the economic and tax reform, part and parcel, they need to work together a little bit because the energy reform affects PEMEX cash flow and then they need a tax reform to drive more revenue. So a lot of the tax reform was driven around individual tax reforms, so they increased rates in the individual level. And for corporations, they just changed a few things. We've taken a look at all of that. The one thing they did -- the current tax rate in Mexico is 30% on corporation. It was supposed to go down to 29% and then 28%. And so our deferred taxes into the future were booked at those rates, and we're just having to bring them back to the 30%. But it's a small effect on future earnings. We don't see any other major effects on us. There were some other small wrinkles, but we do expect it to go forward. The Congress has essentially approved it, and we expect it to go forward by year end.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: My questions have been answered.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Vedula Murti with CTI(sic) [CDP] Capital.
Vedula Murti: Just to follow up on the MLP question. I'm just curious, given the timeline that you laid out for Cameron and everything like that, given your other assets, I'm curious how you, right now -- clearly, that's a long time in terms of changing around in terms of cost of capital. How do you think about the differential cost of capital now with the possibility of like a transactional type of opportunity, kind of like what you saw with CenterPoint deciding to try to accelerate their development of assets through merger with OGE's Enogex and what we also saw in the E&P space with Devon Energy rather than doing an IPO of a fairly smallish MLP to do a merger as well or a transaction to accelerate scope and scale.
Debra L. Reed: Well, let me just say that, we are very seriously looking at the whole MLP issue and what are the right options for structuring an MLP that would provide the kind of long-term growth that we want in our space. There's nothing that we would preclude doing. But we would also -- I mean, we feel really good about the value of the assets that we would have to go into an MLP. And then when you have something like Cameron that basically we take an existing plan and we put that in as our equity contribution, and then we earn $300 million to $350 million a year off of that, we want to be sure that anything that we do is in the long-term interest of our shareholders. And so I don't feel any desperation to try to move it up. If we found a good partner where we felt we could create greater long-term value and an MLP, we would be very open to that.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the conference back to Ms. Debbie Reed for any additional or closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thank you, all, very much for joining us. And as always, if you have any follow-up questions, you can please contact our IR team, and they'd be happy to answer them for you. And have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-06 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Debra L. Reed - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Joseph A. Householder - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark A. Snell - President
Analysts: Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Naaz Khumawala - Wolfe Research, LLC Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Second Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. This morning, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's second quarter 2013 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Trevor Mihalik, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's 10-K and most recent 10-Q, which will be filed with the SEC later today. Important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our second quarter 2013 earnings press release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, August 6, 2013, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 3, and let me hand it over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Rick, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. The second quarter was an important one for Sempra, as we received the final decision in our General Rate Case for SDG&E and SoCalGas. This decision provides us with a sufficient level of revenues to maintain a safe and reliable system for our customers and provides regulatory clarity for the company through our current rate case cycle, which runs through 2015. Additionally, we continue to move forward on many infrastructure projects during the quarter, and I will give updates on some of these projects a little later in the call. Now let's move to Slide 4. Our consolidated financial performance this quarter was strong, and that performance, coupled with our efforts to control costs within the revenue structure we were granted in our GRC, allows us to remain on track to meet our full year EPS guidance. This guidance of $4.30 to $4.60 per share is updated to exclude a $119 million loss of the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station or SONGS. This guidance also includes the 2012 retroactive benefit from the GRC of $77 million. We remain committed to achieving the 6% to 8% long-term compound annual growth projections we laid out at our analyst conference in May. This growth rate is based off of our 2013 adjusted EPS guidance of $4 to $4.30 per share, which excludes both the 2012 retroactive GRC benefit and the $119 million loss at SONGS. Annual earnings from SONGS were between $15 million and $20 million, but that has now ceased as of the date Edison decided to retire to facility. Our guidance for the year reflects our view that we will overcome the loss of these earnings through better performance across our business. Now let me hand things to Joe to discuss the financial results in more detail, starting with Slide 5. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter earnings of $245 million or $0.98 per share. This compares to earnings of $62 million or $0.25 per share in the same quarter last year, which included a $179 million impairment charge on our investment in the Rockies Express Pipeline. This quarter, we reported a loss of $119 million related to SoCal Edison's decision to permanently retire SONGS. We estimated this loss using California utility regulatory precedent to determine the expected recovery of SONGS rate base assets, replacement power cost and O&M during the time of the outage. The loss is slightly higher than the top of our previously disclosed range as additional analysis and the most current information was taken into account since the date we filed our 8-K on the topic. After excluding the SONGS loss, second quarter 2013 earnings for guidance comparison purposes were $364 million or $1.46 per share. As Debbie indicated, our year-to-date performance was strong and allows us to remain on track to meet our guidance of $4.30 to $4.60. Additionally, this quarter's results include $106 million for the retroactive benefits from our final General Rate Case decision. $77 million of this benefit is associated with 2012, and $29 million is associated with the first quarter of 2013. Without those benefits and the loss at SONGS, adjusted earnings for the period were $258 million or $1.04 per share. Keep in mind that our results for the first half of 2013 include the $63 million planned annual repatriation tax expense, which we recorded in its entirety in the first quarter. Additionally, first half results include the dilutive effect of our highly successful IEnova IPO. Now let's go through the results for each of our segments in detail, beginning with San Diego Gas & Electric on Slide 6. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the second quarter of 2013 were $65 million, down from earnings of $95 million in the second quarter of 2012. Excluding the impact of the loss at SONGS and the GRC retroactive benefits for 2012 and Q1 '13 of $69 million, SDG&E's adjusted earnings grew to $115 million. The increase was due to $15 million of higher CPUC and FERC margin and to an $11 million reduction in 2013 income taxes. This reduction resulted primarily from the change we made last year in the tax treatment of certain transmission and distribution repair expenditures, an increase spending on self-developed software. These increases were partially offset by $4 million of lower revenue from our cost of capital decision and $2 million of lower earnings due to the loss of SONGS rate base margin as a result of the closure. Now please turn to Slide 7. Second quarter 2013 earnings at Southern California Gas were $118 million compared to earnings of $53 million last year. Excluding the GRC retroactive benefits for 2012 and Q1 '13 of $37 million, adjusted earnings at SoCalGas in Q2 '13 grew to $81 million. The improvement in earnings was driven by $15 million of increased income tax benefits in 2013, primarily as a result of a change in repair expenditures for natural gas pipelines similar to the one I just described for SDG&E and by $9 million of higher CPUC-based margin due to the final GRC decision. This quarter's results also benefited from $4 million positive variance due to the full recovery of transmission integrity management program costs in 2013, which were not balanced in the 2012 revenues. Now let's move to Sempra International on Slide 8. At our South American Utilities, earnings were $34 million in the second quarter of 2013 compared to earnings of $38 million in the same period of 2012. The decrease was due to a loss related to the sale of our investment in 2 Argentine natural gas utility holding companies. In June, we completed our exit from Argentina through the sale of our investments in that country for $13 million. As we discussed last quarter, the completion of this sale will produce a tax refund of approximately $80 million, which we expect to receive in the first half of 2014. This tax benefit was previously recognized in earnings in prior years. Second quarter 2013 earnings for the Sempra Mexico segment were $26 million versus earnings of $47 million in the second quarter of last year. The decrease is due to $10 million of lower tax benefits in 2013 versus 2012. These are largely related to currency and inflation adjustments; also $8 million from noncontrolling interest at IEnova related to our reduced ownership; and $4 million lower earnings from operations, primarily related to the planned major maintenance that occurred at our gas-fired generation plant in Mexicali. Now please turn to Slide 9. Moving to Sempra U.S. Gas & Power, the Natural Gas segment earned $9 million in the second quarter of 2013 compared to a loss of $193 million in the year-ago period, which includes last year's $179 million impairment charge on REX. The increase came primarily from improved earnings from LNG and gas storage operations mainly due to changes in natural gas prices this year. The Renewables segment generated earnings of $15 million in the second quarter of 2013, down from earnings of $24 million in the second quarter of 2012. The decrease is largely driven by deferred tax benefits in 2012 from solar assets placed in service last year. This decrease was partially offset by higher levels of production tax credits from our wind assets, many of which were placed into service in late 2012. Now let me hand the call back to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Joe. As you know, in June, Southern California Edison, the majority owner and operator at SONGS, made the decision to shut down the plant. As a result of this decision, SDG&E established a new regulatory asset in the amount of $322 million, which reflects management's assessment of the amount probable but not certain of recovery in rates for SDG&E's investment in SONGS. Additionally, SDG&E recorded a loss of $119 million after tax due to the plant closure. Due to the outage of SONGS from January 1, 2012 through June 6, 2013, which is the date Edison announced the plant was to close, SDG&E has spent approximately $166 million on replacement power. The CPUC has opened a multi-phased OII to determine the ultimate recovery of the investment in SONGS and the cost incurred since the start of the outage, including the cost of purchasing replacement power. I can assure you that as a minority owner of SONGS, SDG&E will do all it can to protect the interest of its customers and shareholders as these proceedings move forward. Now please turn to Slide 11. Last quarter, FERC issued an order on SDG&E's transmission rate case filing, which conditionally accepted our filing, including the methodology we used to calculate our requested ROE of 11.3% and approved the 50-basis-point adder for SDG&E's membership in the California ISO. Last week, FERC issued an order making the 11.3% ROE effective September 1, 2013, subject to refund pending an approved settlement or final decision. Settlement discussions with the key parties have already begun. Since many of you have asked me what happens in a rising interest rate environment, I wanted to remind you that both our utilities have a trigger mechanism, which allows our CPUC-authorized ROEs to be reset if the annual average Moody's A utility bond index rate move 100 basis points above or below the benchmark level, which is currently 4.24%. While interest rates have been rising in recent months, the move has not been significant enough to raise the average rate to a level where a trigger would occur this year. However, if rates continue on a similar trajectory to what we've seen recently, the potential does exist from an upward trigger to occur effective January 1, 2015. If an upward trigger did occur, it would increase our equity return by 1/2 of the difference between the new monthly average rate and the benchmark rate. Additionally, the authorized cost of debt would be adjusted to reflect the actual cost of debt at that time. We continue to await a final decision on our Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan or PSEP and expect that decision to come out later this year. As you know, we have received authorization to track in a memo account and are currently spending capital and O&M in anticipation of a final decision. Let's now go on to Slide 12. Moving to our Cameron Liquefaction project, I'm pleased with the progress we are making, and we remain on track to begin operations in the second half of 2017. We currently expect EPC bids back from the 2 consortium bidding on the project this quarter, and we would anticipate selecting a final EPC contractor by the end of the year. Our efforts to secure financing for the project continue to move ahead, and interest in project financing Cameron remains very strong. We expect firm commitments from lenders by the end of the year and anticipate putting 60% to 70% leverage on the project at attractive terms. We remain confident that the DOE will approve our non-FTA permit in 2013. This is based both on the positive recent comments made by Secretary Moniz concerning LNG export approval and on strong bipartisan support for our project. Given the FERC schedule issued in April of this year, we expect to receive our FERC permit in February of next year, which will put us on schedule to begin construction in the first half of 2014. Turning to South America. As you recall, last year, a joint venture we formed with SAESA, another Chilean electric utility, was awarded 2 transmission line projects, which are now under construction. In June, this JV was awarded 2 additional 220-kilovolt transmission lines that will extend roughly 70 miles. The total project cost for these 2 new lines is expected to be about $80 million. 50% of which will be Sempra's share. And we expect construction to be completed in 2018. Let's now move on to Slide 13. At IEnova, we recently signed a contract with PEMEX for the first phase of the Los Ramones pipeline project and expect to begin construction in the fourth quarter of this year. This 48-inch pipeline, which is 70 miles in length and starts at the US-Mexico border is South Texas will be a part of our JV with PEMEX, and the total project costs are expected to be between $450 million and $550 million. This pipeline is expected to commence operations in the second half of next year. The second phase of Los Ramones is a 450-mile pipeline project, which is estimated to cost roughly $2 billion. The pipeline will begin at the terminus of our Phase 1 project and extend into Central Mexico, bringing gas supply to this region of Mexico for the first time. Bids for the second phase of Los Ramones are due this quarter, and IEnova will most likely submit a bid, potentially with a partner. We continue to make good progress on our $1 billion Sonora pipeline project, and we have now signed both the construction and pipeline supply agreement. We remain on schedule to begin construction on the pipeline this quarter and expect the first phase to be operational in the second half of next year. I'm really pleased that our team at Sempra International has been able to execute on these opportunities. We continue to see a number of very strong incremental opportunities in this business unit that will help us grow at or above the 6% to 8% range we laid out at our analyst conference. So let's now go on Slide 14. While it is unfortunate we had to take the loss at SONGS, I am really pleased that we had such a strong quarter otherwise. We continue to execute on our strategy and deliver solid performance for our shareholders. We remain on track to meet our earnings guidance for the year, and we continue to have very compelling long-term growth prospects. And with that, let me stop and take any questions that you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Faisel Khan, Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. There's an recent sort of news about the potential to change the foreign tax rate for repatriation of overseas earnings. Just wondering if you can just remind us if we're going to move to more of a quasi-territorial system as what might be outlined in some of these tax trade publications? What will be the earnings impact or benefit to you guys? And then I have a follow-up.
Debra L. Reed: Let me first remind you of what we've committed to do under the current tax situation, and then I'll have Joe kind of talk about what's happening in Washington right now and what the impacts might be with that. What we committed to do under our -- under the current tax situation is that we're repatriating about $200 million this year and then about $300 million over the next 5 years back and that we're doing that by using the net operating losses that we have as a result of some of the bonus depreciation we had at the utilities. And so that is the plan that we're working currently. As you know, under the tax laws, they looked at changes that may change the overall corporate tax rate, and with doing that, then we would get a benefit. And I think the number was something around $30 million. But Joe, let me ask you to go into more details.
Joseph A. Householder: Sure. Yes. It sort of depends on where they land here. As Debbie mentioned, if they were to drop the rate such -- to like 28%, something that the President suggested the other day, Debbie's right. Instead of about $60 million a year of expense, we'd have roughly $30 million. But if they were to go to a more territorial system, which we've been advocating, perhaps, they might do something that would have no tax, although they might actually impose some kind of a onetime tax to bring back some of this money that's sitting offshore in many companies. So they might impose sort of a 5% tax or something like they have done previously. And in that case, certainly, it would lower the earnings impact that we have in our plan today. So it would be very beneficial to us.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then just you guys ended the quarter with about $1 billion in cash on the books. It looks like you had a number of asset sales, including the IPO of IEnova. What's the plan with the $1 billion in cash? Is it to pay down debt? Or is it -- is that how you're going to reinvest that cash or give it back to shareholders?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. Faisel, this is Joe. Let me talk about that most of that cash that's sitting on the balance sheet right now is either in Mexico or in Chile. As we've talked about before, we are not repatriating any of the funds from Chile because we would have an incremental Chilean tax, and we're looking for investment opportunities for that sum, which is around $300 million. The other $500 million about is sitting in Mexico, and that's money that was raised in the IPO and is going to fund the Sonora pipeline project.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Naaz Khumawala with Wolfe Research.
Naaz Khumawala - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just had a couple of quick questions for you guys. First of all, if you exclude Argentina from South America, can you discuss how Chile and Peru are doing year-over-year?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. If you take Argentina out, Chile and Peru are right on track to what we would be anticipating and kind of what we laid out for you at May at the Analyst Meeting. We're having good performance from both of those companies. The growth rates are very positive, and the ranges that we've talked about before, we're seeing customer growth of 2% to 3.5% and load growth of 5% to 6% in both of those utilities.
Naaz Khumawala - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, great. And then for SONGS, what's the ongoing impact to earnings from pulling SONGS at a rate base?
Debra L. Reed: The ongoing impact, what -- well, what I can say is what, historically, we've had is about $15 million to $20 million a year of net income from SONGS. And as I mentioned in my comments, certainly, for this year through looking at cost efficiencies and in some of the improvements in our operations due to advancements of technology that we're deploying and all, we feel that we can offset that for this year. And so we were able to include that in our updated earnings guidance that we would still be in the $4.60 -- $4.30 to $4.60 range, including covering off that loss of SONGS income for this year.
Naaz Khumawala - Wolfe Research, LLC: Right. Now I mean, I appreciate that but just sort of thinking about next year and forever or are they cost efficiencies, stuff that you guys can keep?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we'll look at -- we'll update our guidance as we always do in February. I mean, what we will certainly look at continuing to look for ways that we can improve the operations of our business as we always do and look at some opportunities to offset that. One of the things that hasn't been factored in and will be factoring in when we do our guidance is what is needed to replace SONGS and what that would mean in terms of additional investment. And so all those things we'll be looking at the before we give updated 2014 guidance in February.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Barnett with Morningstar Equity Research.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of just quick questions on some of the international projects. The number, I think, on the Los Ramones looks roughly the same. I was just wondering, with the Chilean project that you won and the announcements that you highlighted, are these projects all already fully included in your planned CapEx as of the Analyst Day?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. The -- on the Analyst Day, we had the Los Ramones Phase 1 that we talked about, and then we had the Chilean first 2 transmission lines in Chile. The second 2, that I mentioned today that we had just bid were not in the capital plan. But as Joe mentioned, we have plenty of cash in Chile to fund those projects.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And you had mentioned for one of the projects, I believe, Mexico, the second phase, you had mentioned a potential partner. Would that be a domestic partner you'd be looking at or maybe another multinational?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we're still looking at that right now. The bid hasn't even come out. We're looking at -- September time frame is what they've said for the bidding on that. And so we're, of course, pursuing all possible options and looking at how we would want to handle it. We haven't made any decisions.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just last one, I guess, that, as you said, it's a little too early with the bid not out yet, but is there kind of a, would you say, a greater interest in bidding on these projects, maybe a little bit more competition circling the market? Or it's a little bit too early to comment?
Debra L. Reed: Mark, why don't you just talk about that?
Mark A. Snell: Yes, I would say that it -- there's certainly interest in Mexico. I think there's -- the people recognize that there's good growth there and that these are good projects. But I do think that the companies that have historically been successful in Mexico, of which, obviously, we're one of the leaders in, are the ones that are -- continue to be successful. And I think it's just a knowledge of the market and knowing how to get things done there. But it is attracting more international investment, but I think the companies that have been doing business in Mexico for a long time still have some advantage.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a question on Cameron. In the event that the DOE doesn't issue the non-FTA approval until, say, next year, how does that impact the overall timeline and construction of the project?
Debra L. Reed: Well, first of all, we expect that to come this year. And that's -- every indication that we received and most recently a key person that works with Moniz, his energy counselor, Melanie Kenderdine, commented that he had completed his review of the data. He had completed his review of the analysis to ensure that the public interest analysis was done appropriately. And he had affirmed that no further modeling was required. And so we would anticipate having him now completed that we will start seeing these projects roll forward. It's not on a critical path for us yet because the FERC permit comes after our expectations on the non-FTA. And so as long as we have both of our permits in the first quarter of next year, then we're pretty much on path.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And in terms of the incremental investment opportunities above the 6% to 8% growth that you laid out at the Analyst Day, can you talk you about -- and you talked about Latin America and some of the opportunities there, but where do you stand with the opportunities in California and under, I guess, the shale gas revolution?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, we gave you the slide at the Analyst Meeting, and we broke it down into utilities and midstream and renewables. And just to give you a highlight of some of the things we're working on, as I mentioned in the utilities for San Onofre and what needs to be put in place with San Onofre retiring, there will most likely be some incremental transmission investments that would be necessary but also the gas system because to replace San Onofre is most likely a combination of renewables and natural gas will be necessary and that we will be looking at what type of investments will be necessary in the gas system. And so that is underway. In Latin America, we talked about Los Ramones Phase 2. We're looking at clearly moving forward with -- to the extent that we can on the Santa Teresa Hydro II project. And then we talked about the additional transmission in Chile, and then we'll continue to look at other things there. And then in the U.S. midstream area that we have made a filing to do some laterals on REX, that's a public filing and that we're also looking at the assets adjacent to Cameron, the LA Storage and then the Cameron pipeline and would expect to be developing those assets in the same kind of time frame as Cameron. And then on the Renewables space, we're certainly looking at any additional opportunities there, including if there's some to get -- some potential to get some wind projects done before the clock ticks away and that we no longer have the opportunity for the production tax credit. So those are all kind of underway right now in those areas.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brandon Blossman with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I guess, actually, following on a little bit on the REX comment on the laterals and I understand there's some sensitivity around this likely. But can you comment just generally REX's future as a bidirectional pipe and then also, how that fits into a drop-down MLP strategy on a go-forward basis?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Let me just say that this is something that we told you before we were looking at because we saw the flows out of the Marcellus and Utica and needing to get to market. And so this has been something that we've been quite interested in for a while now, and now we're pursuing it with a new partner. So let me have Mark kind of talk a little bit about that.
Mark A. Snell: I think the future of REX, it will, over time, start to look a giant header system for the Midcon. And it'll take flows from both directions and probably feed into Chicago and other Midcon markets. I think that'll take some time. There are some tariff issues, and you've probably seen the news on some of the issues with existing shippers. All of that has to get worked out. But I think, over time, that's where this asset will go. We probably, as far as the MLP-able, it's obviously an MLP-able asset, but until a lot of these issues are resolved, there would be one that wouldn't drop into an MLP right away until we kind of had some long-term predictable cash flows out of it. But we have -- the good news is we have plenty of other MLP-able assets that are very strong. And obviously, with the Cameron facility, we'll have very good assets that we can look at developing that kind of infrastructure down the road.
Brandon Blossman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And just to follow on, again, kind of midterm, are there incremental ideas that may be percolating around REX today?
Mark A. Snell: Oh, there are, and we're pursuing them right now. And I think there's likely to be some near-term kind of things coming out of REX that's showing additional revenue possibility.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Figured I'd follow up with a few more questions. On the LNG project, the, I think -- can you just clarify that you're expecting the construction permit in February of '14?
Debra L. Reed: What, we're expecting in February 14 is the FERC permit, which basically allows us -- without the FERC permit, we cannot begin construction, and so that's what we're expecting in the February time frame.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So after that, you guys can start construction. So starting February -- assuming you get the permit in February '14, you'd start construction right away. There's no other permit that's required after that.
Debra L. Reed: Well, yes, there's a few months between when you get the permit and when you can actually begin construction. But assuming that we get the permit in February as we expect, then we would be on our construction schedule that we've laid out to have the first train come on at the end of 2017.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, got it. And just on this project queue that everyone keeps looking out for the -- for all these -- for all the liquefaction projects, it seems like the DOE is going in the project queue order. I mean, are there criteria that the DOE has to look at in order for a project to get the approval? Or is it simply having the application in place? I mean, how do you guys -- what's your opinion on how you see the DOE looking at each application? Is it -- you guys have talked about having to have the FERC application, the process and all those other things. Can you just remind us what the key criteria are to kind of get that FTA?
Debra L. Reed: Sure. The FTA criteria is really that in order not to approve the permit, they have to show that the project is not in the public interest. So there's a presumption that these projects should get approved, and that's an important factor. And there's been nothing that has come out in any of the public studies that have been done, the EIA studies or any of the studies that have been done that have demonstrated that exporting is not in the public interest. And so what we think has happened is after the Freeport project was approved, Moniz stepped into his job. He had made a commitment to go through the data and to go through the determination of public interest that had been published earlier in the NIRA report. And as we understand, he has completed that work now and has affirmed that, that work is accurate and no further studies are necessary. So what really should happen is that these projects should move forward then in the queue because that report showed that the projects are in the public interest and to export LNG. And the projects actually -- the report actually showed that the more LNG you export, the more on the public interest it is. So we would anticipate seeing some projects start going through the queue now that he's completed his affirmation of the data. Mark, do you want to add to that?
Mark A. Snell: I [indiscernible]...
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Sorry, go ahead, Mark.
Mark A. Snell: No, go ahead, Faisel.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was going to ask is it -- I mean, does it really have to be in order? I mean, is that -- is the DOE committed to reviewing each application in order? And so if they're going to do one application every few months, is that kind of -- does that put you guys on track to get the permit when you want? Or are they going to -- do you think they'll issue permits in kind of batches?
Mark A. Snell: Let me try to answer that. I mean, we're all speculating on what we think the DOE is going to do, and so there's a high degree that we'll be incorrect. I think we all thought, a lot of us and, not just us at Sempra but other companies as well, Dominion and others, all thought that there may be some of this would come out in batches. It seemed reasonable to think that, that was going to happen. In hasn't happened yet. That doesn't mean that it won't happen. It could. But our belief is that even if we stay on the schedule that Moniz has laid out and he does do them one by one under some thoughtful process, we still believe we'll get ours by the end of the year. So I think we're -- we feel comfortable that we're on track to do this. As Debbie said earlier, it's not a -- it's an important permit obviously. We have to get it to secure our financing and all the other things. But as long as we get it this year or very early next year, we're still on track, and it doesn't really -- doesn't change our timing as long as it's within a reasonable time frame.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then I was also wondering if you guys had any opinion on the low carbon fuel standard and sort of the carbon prices we're kind of seeing in those forward markets now and if that has any sort of impact to you guys or if that's just a pass-through to the consumer?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I'll have Mark...
Mark A. Snell: Well, let me tell you from a business perspective that we're looking at. I mean, we have talked a little bit in the past. We are looking at LNG and natural gas as a fuel, and a lot of the low carbon standards, especially in the shipping industry, is things that we're looking at, and we see opportunities there to provide infrastructure to that industry, both shipping and the railroad industry to use natural gas. And so we do -- we think that there's going to be some real benefits and growth opportunities in the future around those kinds of regulation.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And any sort of update on natural gas vehicles and transportation infrastructure for natural gas vehicles? I mean, you guys put a lot of stuff on your website related to this sort of topic and just wondering if something is sort of moving forward at SoCalGas or maybe outside of SoCalGas.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, we've done a lot of work at SoCalGas on the fleet side, and we have a lot of fleets operational now. We also were able to put something in place at SoCalGas, which is a Compression Services Tariff where we can actually serve compressed natural gas directly from our pipeline system. So we're doing those kinds of things. But I think probably the more interesting things are some of the things that we're doing in our U.S. Gas & Power and looking at the potential to develop some market opportunities there. So Mark, you want to?
Mark A. Snell: Yes. No, I just think, just as I said, I mean, I think the opportunities that look to have the best potential to really be significant in the near term, I think are on the commercial side, both on the maritime and railroads and large haul trucking and those kinds of things as opposed to passenger vehicles.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Greg Gordon with ISI.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: It's actually Jon Cohen calling in for Greg. What is the earliest date that you could lock down financing for Cameron? And is there any way to hedge out your interest rate risk between now and when you close on your construction loans?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Let me have Joe talk about that because we were just talking about that this morning, and we've done some analysis on the interest rate impact. And also, Joe, do you want to?
Joseph A. Householder: Sure. What we're focused on is getting these commitments later in the year. We want to make sure that we do them in the right time frame so that commitments don't expire before we actually draw down the money. But it's progressing very well. There are more meetings going on all the time. And we're getting strong, very strong indications of interest. So the financing is going along well very well. We will look to do hedging when we have the commitments in place, and we're talking to our partners about that. Interest rates have moved some, but it's pretty modest. The impact is really pretty modest based on the numbers we have in our plan. So we will, in fact, do a significant amount of hedging. The timing will be probably closer to the end of the year or beginning of next year, depending on when we and the partners agree on the structure.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time for closing remarks, I'd like to turn the conference over to Debbie Reed. Please go ahead.
Debra L. Reed: Thank you. Well, thank you all for joining us today. And as always, we have Rick Vaccari and his team available to answer any follow-up questions you have from our call today, and thank you very much for being with us. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Debra L. Reed - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Joseph A. Householder - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark A. Snell - President Trevor I. Mihalik - Chief Accounting Officer and Controller
Analysts: Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc. Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc. Santiago Perez Perez Teuffer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC Vanessa Quiroga - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Ashar Khan Vedula Murti
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Sempra Energy First Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I am pleased to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm Rick Vaccari, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's First Quarter 2013 Financial Results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Trevor Mihalik, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual result to differ materially are discussed in the company's reports filed with the SEC. It is important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, May 2, 2013, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, please turn to Slide 3, and let me hand it over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Rick, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. During the first quarter, we completed 2 significant transactions that further our strategy. First, we closed the sale of 1 block of the Mesquite Power Plant for about $600 per kilowatt, which further reduces our exposure to merchant generation consistent with our plan. Second, we completed an extremely successful initial public offering of equity in our Mexican subsidiary, which was preceded by an issuance of over $400 million of local debt. This is consistent with our strategy to create capital structures in our international businesses that allow them to grow with local debt and equity. The success of our Mexican transactions recognizes the value that we are creating in our Mexican business. In fact, the increase in the IEnova stock price places our 81% stake at roughly equal to the total equity market cap based on the IPO price. The stock performance since the offering clearly demonstrates the high value that investors place on this business and allows our investors to use this as a reference to determine what our Mexican segment is worth. This quarter, we also received a long-awaited proposed decision in the General Rate Case at our California utilities and a final decision on this case should be voted out soon. And finally, we continue to make progress during the quarter on our key projects, including Cameron Liquefaction, where we received a definitive schedule from FERC on their approval process. We will now go through each of these items in more detail after we discuss the financials. But before doing so, I would like to turn to Slide 4. There was a lot going on in our reported earnings this quarter, and I want to share with you some of the issues that are included in earnings that caused us not -- to not meet your quarterly expectations. Slide 4 lists a number of items from the first quarter, all of which are either onetime in nature or will turn around before year-end. This list includes: the gain on the sale of 1 block of the Mesquite Power Plant; a deferred tax charge related to the IEnova IPO; an impairment on our holdings in Argentina in anticipation of the sale by year-end; a reduction in our renewable grant receivable due to the federal budget sequestration; mark-to-market losses due to higher gas prices, which should reverse by the end of the year; and adjustment to our consolidation tax expense, which is expected to reverse by year-end; and natural gas transition integrity costs in excess of amounts currently recovered in way that will be balanced under the proposed decision in our GRC. Of course, one of the most significant issues impacting our performance is the continued delay in a final decision in our 2012 General Rate Case at SDG&E and SoCalGas. And as I mentioned, we will discuss this in more detail a little later. We hope this table helps you reconcile our reported earnings to your projections. And now let me hand things over to Joe to further discuss our financial performance during the first quarter, beginning with Slide 5.
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter earnings of $178 million or $0.72 per share. This compares to earnings of $236 million or $0.97 per share in the same quarter last year. As Debbie just mentioned, this quarter's earnings were impacted by a number of issues, including the continued delay in the final decision of our General Rate Case and a onetime $63 million deferred tax charge incurred as part of our initial public offering of our Mexican operations. As a result of recording the tax related to the IEnova IPO in the first quarter, we will be able to now quickly distribute to the U.S. parent about $200 million due to the taxable income associated with the IEnova transaction. Since we can bring this cash back earlier than originally forecasted in this year, we have decided to defer any further repatriation until 2014 when we will continue with our planned repatriation of approximately $300 million per year. While we did receive a proposed decision in our utility General Rate Case in the first quarter, we will not update our guidance for 2013 until we receive a final decision. The draft decision is on the CPUC's agenda for May 9, and assuming it is voted out on that day, we intend to provide an update to our guidance at our Analyst Conference on May 23. We would expect to see some changes in the PD based upon the process Commissioner Ferron has put into place, and Debbie will discuss the key issues a little later on the call. However, if the current PD is adopted as written, we would expect to be at the low end of our 2013 guidance range of $4.30 to $4.80 per share. Now let's go through the results for each of our segments in detail, beginning with our 2 California utilities on Slide 6. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the first quarter of 2013 were $91 million, down from earnings of $105 million in the first quarter of 2012. Southern California Gas first quarter 2013 earnings were $46 million compared to earnings of $66 million last year. Earnings were lower at both California utilities, primarily due to higher operating expenses, including depreciation with no increase in authorized revenue due to the delay in our 2012 GRC decision. We have now operated since 2011 with no increase in our revenue requirement as we await the final decision in the GRC. The first quarter results at SoCalGas were adversely impacted by $4 million related to the after-tax effect of natural gas transmission pipeline system integrity program cost, which exceed the amount currently being recovered in rates. Once the GRC decision is final, the excess cost for this program incurred since the beginning of 2012, will be balanced and all cost will be recovered in rates. Additionally, as a result of the cost to capital decision, our revenue was reduced to reflect our actual embedded cost of long-term debt, which is lower than what was previously being recovered in rates. This true-up negatively impacted earnings by approximately $5 million at SDG&E and $3 million at SoCalGas in the first quarter of 2013, and we expect a similar impact throughout the remainder of the year. Finally, SDG&E's first quarter earnings were positively impacted by higher transmission earnings, while SoCalGas earnings in the first quarter of last year included $4 million related to incentive awards associated with the Gas Cost Incentive Mechanism. We anticipate a similar GCIM award to be recorded by SoCalGas later this year once it is approved by the CPUC. I am cautiously optimistic that this is the last quarter I have to say this, but please keep in mind that until we receive a final decision on our General Rate Case, we continue to record revenues based upon 2011 authorized levels, plus an adjustment for recovery of incremental wildfire insurance premiums at SDG&E based on recent CPUC decisions for recovery of prior years' increased premiums. In the quarter the General Rate Case is decided, which we now expect will be the second quarter of this year, we will record the cumulative impact of the decision from January 1, 2012. Now please move to Slide 7. At our South American Utilities, earnings were $37 million in the first quarter of 2013 compared to earnings of $40 million in the same period of 2012. We recorded higher earnings from operations at our businesses in Chile and Peru, but this was more than offset by a $7 million impairment charge related to our investment in 2 Argentine natural gas utility holding companies. We continue to actively pursue the sale of these investments, and we expect to dispose of them by the end of the year. First quarter 2013 earnings for the Sempra Mexico segment were $31 million versus earnings of $33 million in the first quarter of last year. The small decrease is due primarily to a minority interest from the IEnova IPO. Now please turn to Slide 8. Moving on to Sempra U.S. Gas & Power, the Natural Gas segment earned $53 million in the first quarter of 2013 compared to $1 million in the year ago period. This quarter's earnings include the $44 million gain net of related expenses from the sale of 1 of the 2 blocks of our Mesquite Power Plant. The increase in earnings for the quarter was also due to $9 million of higher earnings from our U.S. LNG business due to the timing of cargo marketing operations. These increases were offset by $10 million of higher mark-to-market losses related to movement in gas prices. In the first quarter of 2013, mark-to-market losses were $12 million, which we expect to reverse by the end of the year. The Renewables segment generated earnings of $4 million in the first quarter of 2013, down from earnings of $10 million in the first quarter of 2012. The decrease is primarily driven by 2 factors. First, due to the federal government sequestration, there's been a reduction of 8.7% in the amount of cash grant awards to be paid by the U.S. Treasury. This resulted in a $23 million decrease in our cash grant receivable and a reduction in earnings of $5 million this quarter. Second, there were tax benefits related to the completion of solar assets placed in service in 2012. The decrease in earnings was partially offset by higher levels of production tax credits from our wind assets, many of which were placed into service in late 2012. Now let me hand the call back to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Joe. We have talked about our intent to optimize our capital structure in our international business unit, and I am pleased that we took a big step in that direction last quarter through extremely successful debt and equity offering at our Mexican subsidiary. That subsidiary, previously called Sempra Mexico, now IEnova, raised nearly $1 billion of external capital during the first quarter. In February, we had 2 successful debt issuances at IEnova that raised a total about $400 million at very attractive terms. In addition to raising capital, the debt offering helped educate investors about our Mexican operations. And the strength of the balance sheet at IEnova allows for further leverage as we continue to grow. Then in March, IEnova sold almost 19% of its equity at a value of around 10x to 11x 2013 expected EBITDA under IFRS. The demand for this offering was tremendous. IEnova is the second-largest energy company in Mexico and the first energy company to be listed on the Mexican Stock Exchange. The strong demand allowed us to create a shareholder base, which is comprised of a broad group of Mexican and international investors, with the majority coming from Mexico, further bolstering IEnova's position in that market. Please turn to Slide 10. Even with pricing at the top of the published valuation range for the offering, the market has shown continued enthusiasm for IEnova as the stock is up 22% since the IPO. When we launched the IPO, the implied valuation for IEnova was around $3 billion. And today, that is about $4 billion. As you can see from the chart on the left, our 81% holding in IEnova is worth nearly double today what our book value in those assets was at the end of 2012. This is great for Sempra shareholders as it provides transparency into the value the market ascribes to our Mexican subsidiary and allows IEnova to continue growing without the need for additional Sempra capital. Both the debt and equity transactions in Mexico represent an important step in optimizing our international capital structure. And since all 3 of our international businesses have substantial ability to increase leverage to fund growth projects, we will continue to look for future opportunities. Let's go on to Slide 11. In March, we received a proposed decision in the General Rate Case for our 2 California utilities. The proposed decision authorizes a revenue requirement for 2012 of $1,749,000,000 and $1,952,000,000 for SDG&E and SoCalGas, respectively. This represents respective growth of 8% and 6% over currently authorized levels. The decision also establishes a 4-year GRC period through 2015, subsequent escalation of the adoptive revenue requirements for 2013 through 2015 using the Consumer Price Index and the continuation of the Z-factor mechanism for qualifying cost recovery. While there were some positives in the proposed decision such as the capital requirement level that are generally in line with our request, we filed a comment on the proposed decision last month requesting a few significant changes. First, these changes aim to address certain inconsistencies between our PD and prior CPUC General Rate Case decisions. We strongly believe that all California utilities should be treated equally from a policy perspective on routine issues such as attrition mechanism and employee compensation. The most significant inconsistency between the Edison decision that was voted out unanimously just 4 months ago and our proposed decision relates to the attrition mechanism, which calls for the use of the CPI-Urban index. This index does not reflect the true escalation in costs that a California utility faces, and based on historical trends will provide SDG&E and SoCalGas annual revenue increases that are about 1% lower than what the commission adopted in all recent rate case decisions. Another major inconsistency relates to the proposed amount of ratepayer funding of our employee compensation plan. Our PD calls for ratepayer funding of only 50% of our performance-based compensation, while there have been recent CPUC decisions approving 90% of the same. Given the CPUC's own employee compensation study affirm that our total compensation, which includes performance-based compensation, is at market level, we don't believe it makes sense for our ratepayer funding to be reduced as the record in the rate case clearly support full funding. We also recommended changes that help to ensure both SoCalGas and SDG&E have sufficient funds to maintain safe and reliable operations and continue providing the level of service our customers expect and deserve. The need for changes in the PD is most acute at SoCalGas where the proposed decision reduced funding for critical operations that are required for that company to do basic work, such as leak detection and locate and mark services. We think it is highly unusual, given its focus on safety, that the commission would choose to reduce funding in these core services. We have made our concerns known, and we expect that with a better understanding of the fact, most, if not all, of this funding will be reinstated in the final decision. Commissioner Ferron has acknowledged that some errors were made in the PD. He has put in place a transparent process to allow parties to address their concerns for the proposed decision and we have made our case for improvements. We expect him to do the right thing and make the appropriate changes. We anticipate that a final decision will be reached on the GRC in the second quarter, and as Joe noted earlier, we hope to be able to provide an update to our financial guidance that reflects the outcome at our Analyst Conference on May 23. Let's now go on to Slide 12. Turning to our efforts to develop liquefaction at our Cameron facility, last month, FERC issued a notice of its schedule for the environmental review of the project. Cameron is the first and only proposed LNG export application currently pending before FERC to have reached this milestone in the permitting process. Based on the published schedule, the final environmental impact statement will be released in November 2013 and the final application should be approved by early 2014. The DOE non-FTA permit is, of course, the other major outstanding permit we require and we continue to expect to receive it in 2013. FERC's decision to release the schedule shows the relative strength of our project, and we continue to believe that Cameron is well positioned to be among the first applications that DOE reviews and approves. With the timing of these regulatory approvals in mind, the project remains on schedule to start construction next year and begin operations in the second half of 2017. On the commercial front, we are nearing completion of the tolling and JV agreements with Mitsubishi, Mitsui and GDF SUEZ. We expect that those agreements will be signed later this month, and I expect we will have much more to say on this at our Analyst Conference. Now please turn to Slide 13. In summary, we took a number of key steps forward during the first quarter in achieving our long-term goals. We look forward to seeing many of you at our Analyst Conference on May 23 in New York where we will discuss our goals and overall strategy in significantly more detail. With that, I'll stop and open up the call to take any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Faisel from Citi. On IEnova, just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on what your plans are kind of going forward for your participation in the entity. Meaning that you have roughly 80% right now and if the company raises more equity in the future to grow the business, will you maintain your 80% stake or will you let that kind of float down?
Debra L. Reed: I would say, first off, we really like this business and the reason that we wanted to do the IPO was so that we could grow the business. And so I think, at this point, we're very -- we like what we have in both Mexico now and Peru with an 80% ownership, that we feel that that's a good share balance with having local ownership and local debt plus our 80% ownership. And we haven't really thought of anything beyond keeping that kind of structure. I'm going to Mark and Joe, because they were part of the road tour on this, to add any comment.
Mark A. Snell: Yes, Faisel, this is Mark. We don't have any current plans to reduce our ownership below where our current -- where it is. And I think if you look at what we've done in Peru over the years, it mimics the ownership structure that we have down there. And I think we're pretty satisfied where it is. We have a lot of great projects on the horizon for IEnova. But the good news is, is that we still have quite a bit of debt capacity. So it is -- into the foreseeable future, we don't really see it changing.
Joseph A. Householder: Faisel, this is Joe. I'll just add on to that, and I know there are probably people on the call that participated in the road show and I know many of the names I saw. What I said when I was asked this question many times is, just as Debbie and Mark said, that we don't have any plans to sell down. We probably would never sell any of our shares. And as Mark said, we have plenty of debt capacity. But the growth there is tremendous. And if they continue to grow at this pace and they need to raise more equity, I think we would let them though that. We would have to determine at that time whether we want to participate or allow ourselves to be diluted a little bit. But as Debbie said, we really like the business and our stay in it. On the other hand, we've always said we like the size of our international business, around 30%, 1/3 of Sempra's overall structure. So as we continue to grow our U.S. business, we get Cameron in, we can have more international earnings. But if IEnova can grow -- I mean, somebody asked me on the road show, can IEnova be bigger than Sempra? I said, I hope so. So we'll see.
Mark A. Snell: I would say this. I don't think that we would see -- we would expect that our earnings share from IEnova over the years will grow. No matter what our ownership percentage is, our share of earnings will grow.
Joseph A. Householder: Absolutely.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. It makes sense. And then, Debbie, can you give us an update on the ROE case filed for the power -- electric transmission assets?
Debra L. Reed: Sure. We made our filing at FERC and we'd used the FERC-prescribed methodology, contrary to some of the other cases that had been in the news. We used the FERC-prescribed methodology, which takes the median of your peer group of electric utilities. And we did that under 4 different methodologies that we filed at FERC. That came out with a 10.3% as kind of your base ROE. And then we added to that the allowance of 50 basis points for being part of an ISO and 50 basis points for our utility's specific risk. And, as you know, in California, we have things like the debt equivalency for the power contract and things like that, that FERC has looked at as being -- had a utility-specific risk to consider. So we made a filing off 11.3, the rate should go into effect on September 1. And we'll wait and see what the outcome, but we do feel we followed their methodology.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When do you expect an outcome from the FERC?
Debra L. Reed: September 1.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: September 1. Okay, got you. Yes, last question from me. Where are you right now on the FEED for the Cameron facility?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we have the engineering work underway. We actually are in the process of selecting between -- there's 2 parties, 2 contracting groups that are bidding for the EPC. And we that have a pretty well-developed FEED that they can bid on. And then we'll do all the detailed engineering after that. We would expect to select our contractor by the end of this year. And would again, expect to begin construction next year. Mark, you want to?
Mark A. Snell: No, I think you hit all the points. We have a well-developed FEED and it'll get enhanced. But it's out for bid now. So we'll have EPC contracts at the end of the year.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: I had a couple questions. Just on that transmission issue. I thought FERC recently, or at least staff [ph] has been pushing single utilities to use a midpoint, not a median, and then if you're in an ISO or RPO, you can get a median?
Debra L. Reed: No. Well, we are in an ISO, and the FERC rules for an ISO is you use the median. And where there have been some issues is when utilities have not followed what the rules are for what their structure. We're an ISO. We're supposed to use the median of the peer group. And then we do 4 different studies using different economic modeling mechanisms of what the ROE comes up under those studies, and that's what we submitted to FERC.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. Switching gears to the -- just a clarification, the tax expense on the IEnova transaction, you're keeping that in -- that's part of your ongoing guidance for this year, the $0.25?
Debra L. Reed: Yes.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: But then you're not going to be repatriating the other -- the annual money that was typically about $0.30 hit every year?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we will repatriate starting next year. But because we had the -- already paid taxes on this and we can bring the $200 million back in the very near future, then we didn't see a need to bring back -- if you look at our cash balances, our cash flow statement, it's very, very strong. And so it just didn't seem to make a lot of sense for us to do additional repatriation this year.
Joseph A. Householder: And I'd just add on to that, Steven. She said we already paid tax. Actually, we're not going to pay the tax for 4 or 5 years because of the NOL, but we incurred the expense on the books.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then just at the year end, when you reported you had that slide with the kind of growth rates off of the base, et cetera. I mean, is all that slide all still relevant in terms of the different growth rates?
Debra L. Reed: Well -- yes. I mean there's nothing in terms of our projects and the fact that we have all these projects that we have underway that the majority of them already contracted or part of the utility, that would change in that slide. What we will do is if we can get a final decision in the rate case and enough time to analyze before the Analyst Meeting, then we will give you an update to that at that time. And we'll give you new guidance numbers and new ranges. Without having a final rate case decision, we sure wish we were not in this situation either. It's gone on a long time, and we'd like to be able to give you more than that. But hopefully, by the time of the Analyst Meeting, as I said, that this is on the agenda for a vote of our final rate case on May 9 and so if it comes out then, we should be able to give you all of that at the Analyst Meeting in a few weeks.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, and just -- but, in theory, the -- to some degree, the GRC just also just sets the base and then the growth rate?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. And that's what -- the growth rate that we showed you, I mean, I don't see anything substantively different in the growth rates that we showed you. But we want to give you better guidance on the range for this year that begins the growth rate and then what that ends up being at the end of the period of time. And we're just not able to do that absent a rate case. I wouldn't ignore all what we gave a before. I just think we would like to further refine that for you at the Analyst Meeting.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, and one more question, different topic. The DOE non-FTA approvals, what's your sense on the order, essentially the order of the queue at this point and when you think they'll rule on you, on Cameron?
Debra L. Reed: Well, a couple of things. I'm not so sure that there's going to be a queue where 1 project is going to come right after another. It may be very well that the decision is to take a group of projects that have -- are under the level that was in the study that was done last year. And that, that study, I think, went up to 10 Bcf of export and so we think that we are in good place in the queue. We're the only facility that is in the FERC process and that usually tends to be -- that tends to be the critical path is getting that FERC approval. And so we have some dates. [indiscernible] went out with come forward [ph]. But I don't know that the queue is going to come out one by one. If you did that, I think we're #4 or #5 in that queue. But we also think that there's a possibility that they may approve a number of projects all at one time.
Mark A. Snell: I was just going to say, I think when we talk about the queuing order, let's just remind ourselves that that's the queuing order in which the applications were filed. And while they've indicated that, that will place some bearing on it, it isn't necessarily so that that's going to be the order. We don't know that. But I do think that all of the feedback that we're getting out of Washington, all of the things that we're hearing that we believe our project and the other brownfield projects are likely to be approved.
Debra L. Reed: This year.
Mark A. Snell: This year and we continue to believe that. We haven't heard anything contrary to that. And I will say that there is nothing on the record at the DOE that would indicate that they shouldn't approve these projects. I think that's an important point to remember. There's been no real record made of any reason not to approve them. So I suspect that they will get approved. And we're confident that it's going to happen.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I would add to what Mark just said too. Monis [ph] who is in the confirmation to head up the agency, made very clear that as the Natural Gas Policy Act stands today, you really have to make a case as to why they shouldn't be approved. The burden of proof is on the other party. So the relevance of what Mark is saying is that someone has to come in and make the case as to why these projects are not in the public good. Everything that's come out has shown that these projects are in the public good and Monis [ph] commented on that during his confirmation period.
Operator: And now, we'll take a question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just thought I'd check in on the overall commercial arrangements. You mentioned fairly soon you'll have tolling and JV agreements in place in Cameron. And I just wanted to check to make -- to see if there's any evolution of your thinking on the commercial terms or the nature of the partnership that you're seeking to form in terms of capital commitment, in terms of degree of risk you're willing to bear, just in general without going into too much specifics.
Debra L. Reed: Well, I would say what we told you is the way that it's absolutely heading, which is that we would be committing our existing facility as our equity contribution. And that ourselves and our partners would then form a joint venture and that the joint venture would finance about 70% of the project. And each of the partners would then put in additional equity. And then depending on what the project costs, there may be some additional requirements for equity, but we would anticipate that to be funded largely via the income from the trains as they each come on. So I mean, that's the structure. There's nothing that we're seeing that would change in that structure. Mark, you want to...
Mark A. Snell: Yes, the only thing I would say is the sort of the broad parameters that we laid out last year at our Analyst Conference, those are all still roughly the same and we've marched along to that. There isn't anything that's coming up in the JV structure, the tolling structure that's significantly different than what we anticipated. And then we'll give you an update at the Analyst Conference, but I don't expect that anybody will be surprised by anything.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And so it sounds like there's nothing in relation to that, that would prohibit you from, for example, pursuing an MLP structure down the road, if that was something you wanted to do with this business?
Mark A. Snell: No, that's a great question. I'm glad you brought it up. We specifically designed the JV agreements and the tolling arrangements to allow for an MLP structure if that's the best available capital at any given point in time. And so that's -- it's definitely still in our plans.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And just a very quick small question on the Argentina business. Should be thinking about in terms of any material proceeds or further accounting adjustments there going forward?
Debra L. Reed: Joe -- I'm going to have Joe discuss that.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, Stephen, the value of the assets, it's been reported in our previous SEC report, it was written down to about $30 million previous to this quarter. So there's no significant proceeds there. But what's important is because of the impairment that we took many years ago, we still have a large tax basis. So we're expecting, as soon as the sale takes place, to file a quick carryback claim and get about $80 million of tax back on this.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And that tax benefit, help me understand how would that -- I sometimes get confused as to how that translates back up to the mothership, as it were?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, we'll get the cash here. It's U.S. tax. It'll come to us and there won't be an earnings effect of it. The earnings effect was booked long ago. But we'll actually get the proceeds from the sale plus this $80 million of cash.
Operator: We'll take a question from Greg Gordon with the ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered and I think you pretty much answered the 1 remaining in your script, but I just want to be clear. Did you say that if the attrition mechanism was not put in consistent with precedent, that, that was worth about 1% to revenue annually. Is that right?
Debra L. Reed: What I said is if you look at the difference between what was granted and our proposed decision, which we would hope to get changed and the utility-specific index, which has been used in virtually all General Rate Cases of recent, that, that is about a 1% difference on an annual basis in the attrition.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Right. And so, I'm with you. It does sound like they ought to be consistent in its application, but if they decided to change that and stick with the proposed decision, it would be sort of 1% less revenue in each of the years of the rate period?
Debra L. Reed: That would be the case, but if that were the case, we would obviously have to manage our business to that. And that's what we've made clear is that in -- with the focus that is on the commission right now with their own consultant raising concerns about the order of priority that they place on safety in terms of things, we would find it odd that they would look at doing this type of thing now for our companies when our performance has been so stellar over several years. And so we think that this is something that should be adjusted in the final decision. We've made our case very clear that the basket of bananas and eggs and things like that is not reflective of the cost of utility operation. And so we gave them some pretty specific information on this. There is a lot of support on the record in the case that would justify that this should be changed.
Operator: We'll move to a question from Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: A question on Chile. Now that you've sold down about 20% in Peru and Mexico, on the last call, you said you'd consider selling down some of the interest there. What are your thoughts on that? Has anything changed in your thinking?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I mean we're looking at it. The issue with Chile is that there's an incremental pact that occurs in Chile on -- that we would have to pay for repatriated dollars. And so the benefit of that there and doing the equity issuances there and then looking at that as any kind of repatriation source doesn't -- is not as attractive to us as Peru and Mexico. The other thing with Chile is that we have a lot of cash there for investments. We have the ability to leverage. We're under leveraged there, and so we're looking at all of that in the context of what we want to do. We like the model of the 80% ownership, but we're only going to do that if it really makes sense and it would do that at a time when it would make sense. We're trying to -- we the transmission projects we're doing in Chile right now. We're bidding on some additional transmission projects there. If we start looking at having all this growth that we hope to see there over the next few years, that would probably be a better time for us to look at doing it.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then second question, now that we're seeing some liquefaction projects, whether yours or others coming online in the Gulf Coast, how is that affecting the value of your storage assets, and maybe some of the actions you're taking with the midstream network, like reversing the Cameron pipeline? Are you taking any incremental action now that we're getting a little bit closer with the midstream assets?
Debra L. Reed: Absolutely. And this is something we're very excited about when we look at how the value -- what we think the value of the storage assets will be as all of those LNG facilities start coming on. And you look at where they are, and other than -- all the brownfield, other than Dominion, are located in that whole Gulf area. So let me have Mark talk about some of the things we've been working on.
Mark A. Snell: Yes, I think that it actually is pretty exciting. We are -- we've done our engineering on turning the flow around at Cameron. We're looking at other -- we're looking at other pipeline developments in the region to allow us to more freely move gas around. And our Louisiana storage, which is the closest developable storage to our facility and to the Cheniere and Freeport facilities, that storage will become increasingly more important as these plants start operating. So we're actually pretty excited about some of the opportunities down there and the ability for us to really become sort of gas managers or being able to help people facilitate the operation of these facilities to make sure that they can run most efficiently, which is continuously all the time and without interruption. And so having readily available gas storage is going to be a real plus. And we're very well positioned to do that.
Operator: And now, we'll take a question from Leslie Rich with JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: Just had a question on the solar grant and the delay due to budget sequestration. Is that the kind of thing that you would expect to happen every quarter? Or I guess, that depends on if congress can...
Debra L. Reed: Yes. No, we would not expect that. We -- the $5 million that we have for this quarter, we would expect that would be it. And then, that there will be a little bit more on depreciation expense down the line, but it's insignificant in future years, very insignificant. So this really takes care of the sequestration issue.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: So if sequestration ends and the company [indiscernible] as usual, would that reverse?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, if we don't -- it's an interesting issue because if sequestration ends and then we haven't gotten the grant, then the grant will not be sequestered. And so it's a funny thing. But so they -- I'll ask Joe to -- or Trevor to talk about the accounting of it. Because right now, we don't know what -- when we get our money back and that will depend on -- what happens will depend on what the timing of the money coming back.
Trevor I. Mihalik: Yes, Leslie, when we finished those projects at the of last year, we booked a receivable for the grants that we were going to get, and these are the only grants that we can get the grant programs over, really. So we booked those grants. And then Treasury came out and said, "These are going to be sequestered and if you get cash back from the government between March and the end of September, you're going to have this cutback." So we had to book the cutback. And that's why we took the $5 million earnings. But as Debbie said, if we actually don't get the money until October, we'll get more money. We think we will get it between this time, but who knows. We filed for the grants.
Mark A. Snell: I think the important thing is we booked the -- it's onetime deal, we booked a negative effect. I mean, there are some of us sitting around this table wondering how this can be, how you could do this, why this is legal? And -- but at the end of the day, we may end up getting it back someday but right now, the negative effects are all taken care of.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I want to turn to U.S. business, the utilities, can you just refresh us a little bit? What was the rate base, I guess, the last known or last authorized rate base going all the way back to 2011? What is kind of your recommended rate base for '12 versus kind of where the ALJ proposed decision came in?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I don't -- I have what our actual rate base is, but I don't have the answer to your question for back to 2011. What I can say is what we requested and what the decision granted. And what we requested was about $4.3 billion at SDG&E, and the proposed decision granted $4.1 billion. The key area of difference there is for some smart grid investment, and what the proposed decision did is that it disallowed that in this case, but set another case down the line where you could try to recover it. I think that there are a lot of parties that would like to have us go ahead and move forward with some level of expenditure on smart grids, so it's very possible that something can be reinstated there now. And then on the SoCalGas gas side, we requested $3.6 billion and received $3.5 billion. Much of the rejection there was in gas operations. And as I already said in my comments, that I think that the focus on gas operation, I would expect us to get reinstatement of a lot of the O&M and the capital because these are basically core business functions.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And if the proposed decision is largely upheld, maybe not entirely but the -- some of the key components of it are upheld, could this put your utilities in a very unusual situation, one they probably haven't faced in 15 or 20 years, which is being -- struggling to actually earn their authorized rate of return?
Debra L. Reed: We've managed to -- every kind of outcome we've gotten in rate cases and it -- first of all, I would say, I would not expect this to be the final decision. I do believe that we will see changes made. We've had all-party meeting that I would -- give Commissioner Ferron credit. He had an open process to listen to comments on that. There was an all-party meeting where we discussed our issues. I think the people that were at that all-party meeting felt that we had pretty compelling reasons to see changes in here. So we would expect to see some changes, but we also -- I think we're going to live with what we get, and I don't think that that's a good solution for our customers, nor a good solution for our state, after the clear focus that the CPUC needs to be placing on safety now to look at some of the kinds of reductions that have been here, are really penny-wise and pound-foolish in our mind. And so I think that we will see some changes.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Last question, cash balances at the end of the quarter, large, large number bill 4, bill 5. Can you just talk to me about thoughts around the allocation of that capital?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I'm going to have Joe talk about that.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, that really comes from a couple of things, which was we had the proceeds from the IPO coming in right before the end of the quarter, of close to $600 million. And we also did the bond offering in Mexico in February and a lot of that -- a lot of those funds actually repaid intercompany debt back up into one of the Sempra International holding companies. We also received the proceeds from the sale of Mesquite and with that, we mostly paid off commercial paper. But now we have these funds, close to $1 billion of that is from Mexico. And a substantial part of the Mexican IPO funding will be used this year to fund the Sonora pipeline project, and the remainder of those funds used next year together with probably some additional borrowings down there. But that's what this is about. The big increase was mostly things that happened right toward the end of the quarter.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. In other words, a large chunk of that cash, almost $1 billion of that cash, is not sitting at the holding company. It's actually sitting down at the Mexico sub?
Joseph A. Householder: That's absolutely right.
Operator: And now we'll hear from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I don't want to like keep going over this, but I just want to make sure I understand it. This attrition mechanism and the compensation issue, you guys mentioned in our press release that you'd be at the bottom end of guidance if this were to -- if the proposed decision wasn't changed. And I guess what I'm wondering is I think of the attrition thing as being more of a -- and I guess compensation, but certainly -- but I think the attrition thing, and particularly of it being more the long-range kind of EPS impact and I'm just wondering if this were to change, I mean, would that -- you said that you'd work within the -- with what you get, but would that not mean that there'd be an impact on long-term growth rate?
Debra L. Reed: Well, I don't tie this to growth rate. First of all, we'll manage with what we get. But the attrition mechanism would affect 2013 because, as you know, it's taken us 1.5 years to get a rate case decision. So we are basically operating on 2011 revenue requirement. We didn't get an increase in 2012, and then we should have gotten attrition increase to the 2012 level for 2013. So we're basically 2 years behind in terms of having revenues to operate our company. That -- we don't think that what is in the proposed decision is what should be voted out by the commission. We made the case on that. We made a very strong case on this attrition because it's not consistent with prior regulatory decisions. They have just voted out 4 months ago the Edison decision and gave them what is an appropriate utility index attrition mechanism. And so we do expect to get it changed. If it is not changed, then the mechanism here has historically been about 1% a year less in attrition increase than what the utility specific. But if that's what we get, we'll have to find a way to manage through it. But it's not to the benefit of our customers to have that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I know you guys aren't going to give guidance until we get until we get the final decision, but should we be thinking about any potential change in long-term growth rate?
Debra L. Reed: No. No, I mean, I think I -- at least I tried to articulate that the long-term growth rate would be consistent with what we had showed you before in February, but that what we will do is that if we get a decision, we will give you more definitive information on that and the numbers for 2013 and narrow the range, as we talked to you that we would do, and then give you more detail on that growth rate.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. Paul, this is Joe. When I showed you guys that chart, I mean, it's been our stated objective to be at 6% to 8%, but as I said, we're working on a lot of new areas of development, new projects, which is going to drive it above that. So our expectation right now is that these growth rates will be the same. And we'll talk more about it when we get to the conference, assuming we get the PD -- or finalized.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: That's excellent. I think that's great. And I guess what I wanted to just finally touch base with you on is, there was this IRS ruling that came out, or letter, what have you, on April 15 regarding the construction date for like ITC, PTC. And I was wondering you guys have probably had a chance to look of this, and what have you. Do you think that, that provides some additional opportunity for some renewable stuff for you guys? Or, I mean, is that sort of -- just any thoughts you guys have on what they came up with, the sort of the language that they use in terms of the construction date and stuff?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we think it's constructive and we are pursuing some additional opportunities to see if we can get under construction by next year as required under those guidelines. So we're moving forward to seek some additional opportunities in the wind space.
Operator: And now we'll hear from Maura Shaughnessy with MFS Investment Management.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: Most of my questions have been answered, but I -- 2 quick ones. First, have you actually announced the sale of Argentina? Or are you just hoping that it's done by the end of the year? And the second point on the attrition issue and the compensation issue, were these kind of totally out of the blue? I can't recall these mechanisms ever coming up in California before, with the CPI linkage and sort of random employee compensation? Well, I don't why I would say that, but anyway, yes, those 2 questions, please?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I'll have Mark hit the Argentina sale and where we are on that.
Mark A. Snell: Hi. With respect to Argentina, no, we do expect to close by year-end. We're in active negotiations to sell our interest and we have been for some time and we're working out the details. But it's -- we're not -- it's not like we're just starting the marketing now.
Debra L. Reed: And then in terms of your other question on the mechanism, let me just say that have a brand-new commissioner. This is his first rate case that he's dealing with. And that the -- you haven't heard about attrition mechanisms or compensation generally because usually in every rate case, the utility-specific attrition mechanism's been adopted and the incentive comp, if it's found is be at market by the commission's own compensation study, is put in rate. I mean, that is really the requirement to allow the utility to recover reasonable costs. And if your compensation is reasonable, you should be able to get that. And if the attrition is based upon utility-specific industry, you should be able to get that. This is our -- a new commissioner with a first rate case decision that he is writing, and I give him credit. He's listening to some of the other commissioners. He had an all-party meeting where parties could make their thoughts known and I'm hoping that what we will see is changes in this based upon him listening to some of the experienced commissioners that have dealt with this issue historically.
Operator: We'll move to a question from Santiago Perez Teuffer with Crédit Suisse.
Santiago Perez Perez Teuffer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wondered coming from you, there is a lot of expectation on how is the Mexican energy industry shaping out. I mean, your IPO is a clear example of the expectations the market has and the value that's rising on it. I wanted to ask if you could please share your expectations in Mexico going forward and any kind expectations you have in new bidding processes?
Debra L. Reed: I'm going to turn it to Mark.
Mark A. Snell: Santiago, we had a little bit of trouble hearing you, but we think, if your question was what is our expectations in Mexico and the growth going forward. Is that your question?
Santiago Perez Perez Teuffer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, exactly. I mean, do you have any kind expectations on new bidding processes?
Mark A. Snell: Yes, good. Look, we're really excited about what -- our opportunities in Mexico. The ones, the projects that we mentioned on the roadshow and the pipeline projects and also the wind project that we have, ESJ, both of those are slated to go here in the near term. Long-term prospects, obviously, the Mexican infrastructure needs and Mexico's desire to wean itself, at least for electrical production off of oil and on to natural gas, is going to allow for a lot of infrastructure development projects in central Mexico and throughout those regions. And so we're pretty excited about it. We've got the right vehicle in place to assist Mexico in making those infrastructure developments. And that's why we're so excited about this company and why we think its growth prospects are so good.
Santiago Perez Perez Teuffer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Do you have any time frames like when will new bids come up in your perspective? I mean, about probably the second phase of Los Ramones or any other project do you believe it's interesting?
Mark A. Snell: Well, we don't have any specific timing, but we -- recognizing that some of these -- the ultimate plants and things and chemical treatment facilities that are going to use the natural gas is being transported or their products that were being transported back to market. Obviously, as those the other phases of these projects all have to come in fairly swift order, otherwise they're kind of pipelines to nowhere. And all of that's happening and so I think -- I don't think any of this is super long term. I mean we're, probably in the next 5 years, we're going to see a lot of development in Mexico.
Operator: We'll take a question from Michael Goldenberg with Luminus Management.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: I wanted to understand something that Paul Patterson, I think, asked about the growth rate there that I want to get a better understanding. So the guidance for 2013 changed a little based on some items. Does that mean we should be taking the same growth rate off of a new number? Or should we be adjusting the growth rate per future numbers, whatever we were extrapolating earlier?
Debra L. Reed: Well, I'm not going to say how to do the calculation but I will tell you is that what we've said with our growth rate, was what Joe showed in February. If you take the 2013 earnings and then you subtract from that the retroactive piece of the rate case, and then from that is where you would grow. And that we were looking at a 6% to 8% growth rate and we're looking at that same range.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: So it doesn't change even though -- so even though the base number may have changed, the growth thing doesn't?
Debra L. Reed: The growth rate is still the same, yes.
Operator: We'll take a question from Vanessa Quiroga with Crédit Suisse.
Vanessa Quiroga - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's actually regarding IEnova again and in the specifics about your leverage in that entity. Right now it's very low but we would assumed that with more growth, new projects, you would be willing to increase your leverage. But what is the maximum level that you would be comfortable with at the IEnova level?
Debra L. Reed: I'm going -- I would just say that this is exactly why we did this is, in response to your question, is so that we can lever up and that we can grow that business because we think it's a terrific business. And so I'll have Joe talk about how much leverage we could put on that business.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, on the roadshow, what we talked about was the fact that we would issue some more debt likely next year as we use the IPO proceeds for the construction of the Sonora pipelines. And that when we got the AAA credit rating there, we talked to the rating agencies and they said they'd be comfortable with that credit rating as long we stayed below 3x debt to EBITDA. And what I spoke about was at the Sempra level, we have roughly a 50-50 debt-equity ratio and I need to manage that across the whole portfolio. So as we start to reach those levels, then we'll have to consider where we are. But no more than 3x debt to EBITDA or 50-50. But as they continue to grow their EBITDA, there's going to be a lot of capacity there.
Vanessa Quiroga - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, yes. I agree. I mean, this 3x debt to EBITDA, when you talk about the EBITDA, you don't mean pro forma for -- or assuming when the new projects start generating EBITDA already, right? You would be talking about the current year debt to EBITDA?
Joseph A. Householder: I think if you focused sort of the 50-50 debt-to-equity ratio and the -- hold on one second. I think at that rate, and we're probably looking at the current run rate of EBITDA. But as I said, it's growing fast because these projects are coming on quickly.
Operator: We'll take a question from Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: Debbie, if -- I don't want to go like too deep in it. So how should we follow the proceeding next week if they do adhere to the schedule and -- on the rate case and they do come out with a decision? Will they discuss this in their meeting? Or will we have to wait for a final order to find out whether they made the changes to what we like or didn't make the changes? Can you just tell us how we can monitor it on our end?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, the typical way this would go is that changes would be published before the meeting. And then the commission would vote on the decision with those changes at the meeting. So it's on the agenda for next week. What would typically happen is those changes would come out later this week or early next week. And then all of the commission officers would have the opportunity to review those changes and then the commissioners would then vote on it. If the commissioner had a concern about what was in there after those changes were made, the commissioner could hold it at that meeting and could make an election to write an alternate decision or go back the assigned commissioner to suggest further changes. So that's kind of how the process unfolds.
Ashar Khan: Okay, so that would show up. So that any changes would show up in the docket of the case, right? That's where I should be looking at?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, that's what should happen. And then, of course, we will provide as much information as we can once we get the final decisions out. It does take a while to analyze these decisions, and one of the reasons that we want to be sure when we give you new guidance is that we have the full time to analyze the decisions. Because just looking at the revenue requirement does not necessarily yield what the outcome is going to be. So it will take us a little while to analyze.
Ashar Khan: Okay. And the second question is, I don't it's a new company and all that and I know -- I apologize, there were too many earnings today. Is IEnova going to have an earnings call? Or can you give us any sense of what their earnings were exactly year-over-year?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, we're not going to do subsegment information in our call that -- the plan is in the future, IEnova will have its own earnings call, and we'll provide that information to its investors. And I don't know, Mark or Joe, do you want to add anything to that?
Mark A. Snell: I think that's right. We'll -- they're going to do their own. We will only comment on them to the extent that it affects Sempra and we'll give you that data on our call.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. I'll just add, the one thing to remember is in Mexico, they're reported under IFRS so the numbers are going to be slightly different. And we don't give, as Debbie said, we don't give subsegment information. So we give you guidance at the Sempra International level, but I think you all could listen in to their calls and, I think, starting next quarter probably is when they'll get set up to start doing it.
Debra L. Reed: And I just was reminded that their release is on our website, too. So you can go to our website and can see their release. But I do believe next quarter, they're going to start the call.
Ashar Khan: Okay, so they do have their own release, which is on your website?
Mark A. Snell: Right.
Debra L. Reed: Yes.
Operator: We'll now hear from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: One just follow-up question. I'm sure you heard the commentary from Edison the other day on San Onofre. Could you just -- any color to add there? And just in the event that the plant does need to be shut down, what are your recourse actions to take?
Debra L. Reed: The thing I would say is that, that I read the Edison transcript and what they say about kind of their decision point. We are not -- we're a minority owner. We own 20% of the plant. We've never operated the plant. We didn't decide on what kind of steam generators went in. We didn't do any of that. And so we have to kind of look at our own position in this case, and that we are waiting for the NRC to act and we're going to see what they do. And that we're hopeful that we will get something out by early summer from the NRC. And then we're going to make our decisions on our options based upon what's best for our customers. And that's what we'll be looking at. And we may not be on the same time line as Edison is precisely. But we will look at our options as what's best for our customers as a minority owner of that plant. And I can't really add anything. Edison went through, on their call, of the details about the 2 applications, the license amendment and the confirmatory action letter, and they're better to handle those kinds of questions because they're the ones that are dealing with the agencies and operating the facility.
Operator: Our final question will come from Vedula Murti with CDP Capital.
Vedula Murti: A couple of things. One, in your earlier remarks in answer to questions when the question of incremental renewable came up, I think you indicated you were focusing -- you'd be focusing in wind arena. And I think that was all based on production tax credit. What's -- do you have a point of view as to, one, some prospects for the renewable and multi-legislation that's pending? And based on your analysis, I'm wondering whether, if that were to occur, whether that's basically something for things prospectively or given stimulation [ph] of tax credits having been utilized in whatever in the past that historic existing assets would be unlikely to fit into such structure. And I have a separate question after that.
Debra L. Reed: Okay. Well, let me just say that the focus of my answer on wind was specific to that extension in the legislation, but we are developing solar projects. And we have a 250-megawatt project that's going into construction. We have a project that we're working on to be in the queue on the solar side. So I don't want to give any impression that our focus is just on wind, because we are very actively pursuing other projects. But we love your question about the MLP. And actually when I have my meeting with the President earlier this year, that was one of the things we talked about would be very beneficial to the industry is to have some type of a REIT or MLP structure for renewables. But Mark was just involved in this about a week ago. So let me turn it to Mark.
Mark A. Snell: Yes, look, I think we are kind of excited about the prospect for renewables to be put in the MLPs and be given parity with other energy projects in the country. So we think it's a good development. I will tell you it's one of the very few things that has -- seems to have relatively broad bipartisan support. I think the thing that's holding it up from being approved is that it's a -- well, it has sort of bipartisan support. It's not really big deal to the people on the hill. And so at the end, it will probably be attached to some other larger tax bill or something that goes through. There is -- we have questions about how it's going to work for existing projects and I don't think that's been fully fleshed out. There has to be some other -- besides just making MLP-able because the MLPs have these tax credits, how that will do or if that will be a replacement for the tax credit. Nobody really knows how those things will come to be, but we do think it's exciting. We think it's something that makes a lot of sense, and we'd be well-positioned to put some of our assets and add it to our midstream MLP or create a separate one on its own, whichever kind of investors sort of look to want to do. So we think both of those things they are -- we thing they're exciting and it is something that does look like it has good support right now.
Vedula Murti: Okay. And secondarily, Debbie, you mentioned your meeting with the President. I was going to ask you, based on all your commentary around your positive view from the news, head of DOE and terms of nat gas exports and all the various export facilities, did that come up in your conversation? And do you feel like that that's the view -- that view there is similar as to the view at DOE?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I mean, I was asked specifically not to share what occurred in the meetings. But I would say that the attendees of the meeting, universally, were quite favorable to the ability to export gas if there were appropriate provisions put in place to deal with all -- environmental issues associated with the frac-ing. And so, I think that's the direction it's heading. I didn't sense anything at all that would run counter to that direction in the discussions I had.
Vedula Murti: Yes. The one last thing, in terms of the approve [ph] status of free trade versus non-free-trade export, my recollection was that earlier this year, there was talk about trying to perhaps give an exemption or something like that to Japan and maybe western Europe since they're kind of allies or whatever. Is there anything going on, on that side at all?
Debra L. Reed: It seems like that has kind of died down a bit. And I think where the focus is now, I mean, we really do hear a number of things that at least -- and you never get definitive answers of when something is going to be approved. But we have heard a number of comments that would lead us to believe that the approvals are forthcoming and the approvals are forthcoming sometime in the near future. And that is not going to be that type of a structure with limited approval. So and you start hearing more, too, I think with the situation in North Korea, that you start hearing more, the concerns about what do we do to help support, generally, our allies? What do we do to have the U.S. be a contributor into the energy marketplace that would help deal with some of these political issues. And so it seems the -- at least the dialogue has gone more in that direction recently, which would say you're probably not going to just get a Japanese exemption or a Europe exemption.
Operator: I was just going to turn it back over to Ms. Debbie Reed for closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed: Okay. I was going just take it. So, thank you, all, very much for joining us. As always, we have Rick and Victor and Diane there to answer any of your follow-up questions from the call. And we look forward to seeing you in New York on May 23.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-26 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Debra L. Reed - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Joseph A. Householder - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark A. Snell - President Trevor I. Mihalik - Chief Accounting Officer and Controller
Analysts: Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Ashar Khan Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm Rick Vaccari, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2012 Financial Results. A live webcast to this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Trevor Mihalik, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I would like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's reports filed with the SEC. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our fourth quarter and year-end 2012 earnings release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, February 26, 2013, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, I will turn it over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Rick. On the call today, we'll give you our guidance for 2013, review our fourth quarter and year-end financial results, provide an update on regulatory matters at the California utilities and bring you up to speed on some of our key projects. Let me begin with the announcement we made last Friday that our board approved an increase in our annualized dividend to $2.52 per share or an increase of 5%. This increase highlights our commitment to growing the dividend while allowing the company to achieve top quartile earnings growth. As we noted last year, we are beginning a plan of distributing cash from our international operations back to the U.S., which will result in our payout ratio being higher than our target of 45% to 50% for the next 5 years or so. Now let me update you on our guidance for 2013. We now expect to earn between $4.30 and $4.80 per share this year. This guidance includes our estimate of the impact from a final decision in our general rate cases, including a 2012 retroactive adjustment, which will be recorded in 2013. The guidance also includes roughly $0.20 per share related to the benefit from a gain on sale of 50% on the Mesquite gas plant, offset by the roughly $0.30 per share of tax expense related to our repatriation strategy. Lastly, the guidance includes the dilutive impact of our proposed equity offering for Sempra Mexico and related costs. As you may have read in the press release we issued yesterday, we plan to sell between 15% to 20% of Sempra Mexico at a public offering in Mexico and a private offering in the United States and internationally. This offering is expected to close by April of this year and is consistent with the strategy that we've discussed previously of having some local ownership of our international businesses. As I mentioned, this transaction is fully incorporated in our 2013 guidance. However, securities regulations prevent us from discussing this transaction until the offering is closed. I don't like the idea of having an analyst conference where we cannot fully discuss issues. So I have decided to move our conference until the second quarter after the offering is expected to close. We can then openly talk about results from the transaction and should also have more to share regarding progress on our Cameron JV and our general rate cases. Since our analyst conference will now occur in the second quarter, we want to give you more data today on our outlook for 2013 and beyond, and Joe will do so after he reviews our financial results for the last year. So let me hand things over to Joe now.
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. I will begin on Slide 4. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $293 million or $1.18 per share. Excluding the $25 million after tax receipt from Kinder Morgan related to the sale of its interest in the Rockies Express Pipeline, or REX, adjusted earnings for the fourth quarter of 2012 were $268 million or $1.08 per share. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we reported earnings of $285 million or $1.18 per share, which included a $50 million benefit from the CPUC's approval for the recovery of wildfire insurance premiums at SDG&E. For the year, we reported earnings of $859 million or $3.48 per share. Excluding the $239 million impairment charge we recorded on REX during the year and the effect of the Kinder Morgan receipt I just mentioned, our adjusted earnings for 2012 were $1,073,000,000 or $4.35 per share. This compares to adjusted earnings in 2011 of $1,054,000,000 or $4.36 per share. The performance of our business was exceptional for both the quarter and the full year, considering it does not include any impact from the pending general rate cases. Last quarter, we told you that without a final decision in the 2 GRCs, we expected 2012 adjusted EPS to come in around the low end of our guidance range of $4 to $4.30 per share. However, our adjusted earnings were closer to the midpoint of that range of $4.16 per share after excluding the $0.19 per share tax benefit for the change in life insurance holding periods that was recorded in the second quarter. Now let's go through the results for each of our segments beginning with our 2 California utilities on Slide 5. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the fourth quarter were $110 million, down from $158 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease is primarily due to the CPUC's approval for the recovery of 18 months of wildfire insurance premiums in the fourth quarter of 2011. For the year, SDG&E earnings increased to $484 million from $431 million in 2011. This increase was driven primarily by higher earnings from the Sunrise Powerlink and a reduction in tax expense as a result of the change in tax treatment for certain repair expenditures. Moving now to Southern California Gas. Fourth quarter 2012 earnings were $99 million compared to $79 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. The increase was driven largely by a lower effective tax rate in 2012 due to a change in the way gas pipeline repair costs are handled for tax purposes. Under IRS guidance, certain repair expenditures that are capitalized for book accounting may be deducted from taxable income when incurred, creating a tax benefit under regulatory accounting. This is similar to the issue we discussed last quarter related to SDG&E. Full year 2012 SoCalGas earnings were $289 million, up slightly from $287 million last year. Please keep in mind that until we receive final decisions on our general rate cases, we continue to record revenues based upon 2011 authorized levels, plus an adjustment for recovery of incremental wildfire insurance premiums at SDG&E based on CPUC's decisions for recovery of prior year's increased premiums. In the quarter the general rate cases are decided, we'll record the cumulative impact of the decision from January 1, 2012. Now please go to Slide 6. At our South American Utilities, earnings were $46 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to $39 million in the year-ago period. Earnings in the fourth quarter of 2011 were negatively impacted by a $6 million nonoperating foreign currency exchange loss related to U.S. dollars that were held in Chile at the time. Full year earnings for South American Utilities in 2012 were $164 million compared to adjusted earnings of $148 million in 2011. The 2011 adjusted earnings excluded the $277 million remeasurement gain that was due to our acquisition of additional ownership in these companies. The increase in adjusted full year earnings is primarily due to this increased ownership level. Our South American Utilities continue to perform very well and grow at levels that exceed what you typically see for U.S. utilities. For the year, our business in Chile and Peru grew their customer base by a combined 3% and electricity sales by a combined 6%, and we expect those trends to continue. Fourth quarter 2012 earnings for the Sempra Mexico segment were $35 million compared with $80 million in the same period last year. Essentially, all of the decrease was due to a pricing change in an intercompany agreement with Sempra Natural Gas, which became effective in January of 2012. The reduction in Sempra Mexico's quarterly earnings is offset by an improvement in Sempra Natural Gas's performance for the fourth quarter of 2012. The new agreement is a market-based contract where Sempra Mexico records revenues for the sale of the power generated by the Mexicali power plant and pays fees to Sempra Natural Gas for energy management services and for the purchase of fuel. Full year 2012 earnings at Sempra Mexico were $157 million, down from $192 million last year. The decrease was primarily a result of the intercompany agreement change that I just discussed. Now please turn to Slide 7. Moving on to Sempra U.S. Gas & Power, the Natural Gas segment earned $19 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Excluding the $25 million benefit of a receipt related to the REX sale, the segment lost $6 million. The cash received from Kinder Morgan reimbursed us for an economic loss that was resulting from the change in tax depreciation that was triggered by the sale of their 50% interest in the pipeline. The $6 million loss in the fourth quarter compares to a loss of $36 million in the fourth quarter of last year. The improvement in results is mainly due to the change in the intercompany agreement for the Mexicali plant that I discussed in our Sempra Mexico results, offset in part by lower earnings from our U.S. LNG marketing operations. For the year, Natural Gas lost $27 million in 2012, excluding the impact from REX. This compares to earnings of $115 million in 2011. The decrease is due primarily to the expiration of the CDWR contract in September 2011. You will also recall that Cameron LNG is now part of this segment, and lower gas prices, coupled with the development costs for the liquefaction facility, are affecting our U.S. LNG business, and therefore, the Natural Gas segment. The Renewables segment generated earnings of $14 million in the fourth quarter of 2012, up from a loss of $2 million in the same period last year. The increase was driven by the addition of new solar and wind assets. Earnings for the year in Renewables were $61 million compared to $7 million last year, also driven by the addition of solar and wind assets. Now let's move to Slide 8. As Debbie mentioned at the outset, we wanted to give you more color on our outlook for 2013 and beyond. We're very confident in our long-term growth prospects. In fact, we believe that the long-term growth rate of 6% to 8% that we announced to you last year is very achievable with just the expected growth of our core businesses and the projects we recently just announced in Mexico. In fact, as we look at our plan through 2017, we see that about 90% of our projected earnings for that year are either regulated or contracted, giving us excellent visibility into our future prospects. Additionally, we have many new development activities in each of our businesses. These are highlighted in a blue box on that slide, and these should allow us to exceed the 6% to 8% growth target over time. We would expect to have a CAGR through 2017 of 8% to 10%, assuming we are successful on just a few of these additional development opportunities. And looking forward to 2019, which should be the first full year of operations for all 3 trains of liquefaction at Cameron, we would expect our growth rate from today through 2019 to be closer to 9% to 11% annually, assuming the same success rate on the development projects. We're pleased with our great growth prospects, supported by long-term contracts and regulated assets. Now please go to Slide 9. We also felt it's important provide you with our business unit guidance for 2013, which we have not traditionally done on this call. The table on Slide 9 provides the buildup by business unit of our new guidance range of $4.30 to $4.80 per share. The earnings ranges for our 2 California utilities include our estimate of the 2012 retroactive impact of our rate cases that will be booked in the quarter final decisions are reached. Once we have the final decisions, we will provide you with a more definitive view of the impact. Our U.S. Gas & Power forecast includes the benefit from the gain on the sale of Mesquite. It's important to note that we also accelerated the completion of 2 large solar projects in 2012, which resulted in somewhat downward effect on our 2013 guidance for this unit. The international business unit range includes the dilutive impact of our reduced equity ownership in Sempra Mexico and the parent line includes the tax expense associated with our repatriation strategy, which is supporting our higher dividend. With that, let me hand things back to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Joe. Now I'd like to provide you updates on our businesses, beginning with the key regulatory proceedings at SDG&E and SoCalGas. In December of last year, we received a final decision from the CPUC in the cost of capital proceeding. That decision granted ROEs of 10.3% and 10.1% at SDG&E and SoCalGas, respectively. Importantly, the decision also granted increased equity ratios of 52% for both utilities. Additionally, a proposed decision was issued last week in the second phase of this proceeding, which calls for a continuation of the current methodology of the triggering mechanism for a change in the cost of capital. The PD also calls for SoCalGas to now use the same triggering mechanism as the other IOUs in California, which is based upon a utility bond index. A final decision on the second phase of the cost of capital proceeding should be issued in the first half of this year. We are awaiting a proposed and final decision on our 2 general rate cases. And based on recent communications with the assigned commissioner, we understand there have been some resource constraints at the CPUC, and we should expect the final decision in the first half of this year. We continue to record revenues and manage our businesses based upon 2011 authorized levels, plus an adjustment for recovery of incremental wildfire insurance premiums at SDG&E. And as Joe noted, we will record the entire retroactive impact of the final decisions, including the piece related to 2012, in the quarter in which a final decision is reached. Moving to SONGS. In the fourth quarter of last year, Southern California Edison, the majority owner and operator of the plant, submitted a plan to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to restart and operate Unit 2 of the facility at a reduced power level for a period of 5 months and then shut it down for further inspection. The NRC has not set out a detailed timeline yet, and we have no assurance about the exact length of time it will take the NRC to review that plan. The CPUC has also issued an order instituting investigation, or OII, that will determine whether some or all of the revenue requirements for the facility should be removed from rates. This OII has been split into multiple phases and is likely to take several years to be completely resolved. As of the end of last year, SDG&E's total investment in SONGS was $512 million, which includes rate base of $275 million. The remainder of the investment is made of CWIP and nuclear fuels. Additionally, SDG&E recorded replacement power costs of $77 million in 2012. On our wildfire costs recovery proceeding, the CPUC issued a ruling late last year that essentially kicked the can down the road on this issue. The commission allowed our utilities to maintain their memo account, tracking fire-related costs. So that we may file future applications requesting recovery subject to reasonableness review. We continue to believe that it is probable that we will be permitted to recover a substantial portion of the costs related to wildfire claims through customer rates. In regards to our Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan, or PSEP, all briefs have been filed, and we expect a final decision on our long-term plan this year. As you will recall, we received approval for a memorandum account last year to book costs related to PSEP, pending the final approval of the plan. Last week, we filed our new transmission formula rate case with FERC. This filing is substantially similar to our current formula rate and ensures that SDG&E earns no more or no less than its actual cost of service, including unauthorized ROE. We have requested an ROE of 11.3% as compared to the current ROE of 11.35%. The requested ROE consists of a base ROE of 10.3%, based on the median of a western proxy group, plus 50 basis points for our membership in the Cal-ISO, plus an additional 50 basis points for business risks unique to SDG&E. The new rate should be effective on September 1 of this year. Now please turn to Slide 11. Moving now to U.S. Gas & Power. In December of last year, we announced that the cities of Los Angeles and Burbank had approved a 20-year agreement to purchase 250 megawatts of solar power from our proposed Copper Mountain Solar 3 project in Nevada. Construction on this facility should be completed by late 2015. On our pending sale of a 625-megawatt block of the Mesquite Power Plant, we have received the necessary approvals and believe the transaction should close shortly. As I mentioned, last quarter, the sales price was about $600 per kilowatt and should result in an after tax gain of about $50 million that will be reflected in our first quarter 2013 earnings. We continue to make progress on contracting and -- the remaining capacity and are working diligently to find ways to maximize the value of that asset. Before moving on, let me give you an update on our liquefaction project at Cameron. In December, we filed our formal FERC application, making us one of only 4 terminals to have done so. The FERC permit process should take about 9 to 10 months from our submission date, and I would expect that we will be granted our FERC permit later this year. We also sent out bid packages to EPC contractors earlier this year and expect to get those bids back and select the contractor in the second half of 2013. The DOE commissioned a study that was released last December and had a very positive outlook on the prospects for LNG export. Both the comment and response periods for the study have expired, and DOE should now be in a position to review applications and grant permits. While we do not know specifically how DOE will handle the permit applications that have been filed, we are confident that ours is strongly positioned to be among the first to be reviewed and granted. As I mentioned last quarter, the delay in issuing the results of this report should not have a significant impact on our timeline, and we continue to expect to be ready to start construction on the facility early next year. The facility is now being designed to a nameplate capacity of 13.5 million tonnes per annum, providing an export potential of 12 million tonnes per annum. This increased capacity has raised our incremental construction cost estimate to $6 billion to $7 billion. The total costs of the facility, including the cost of our original facility, plus interest during construction, financing costs and required reserves, is estimated to be $9 billion to $10 billion. We now also expect the earnings contribution from the project to be higher than our previous forecast. Sempra's joint venture partners have begun to announce sales to customers of LNG from the Cameron facility, and we now expect the terminal to begin operations in the second half of 2017 with all 3 trains completed by the end of 2018. Now let's move to the final slide. 2012 was a very good year for our company, but I'm really excited about our future potential to provide strong growth and earnings from very tangible projects. We are confident that we have the right strategy to achieve long-term earnings per share growth of 6% to 8%, with future opportunities that could enhance our growth profile even further. We believe that this profile, in combination with our growing dividend, makes Sempra a very compelling investment opportunity now and into the future. With that, I'll stop and open up the call to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A couple of -- 2 questions for me and I'll get back in the queue. The first one, if you could just repeat the numbers you had on the liquefaction facility. I think your original -- if you go back to what your original estimates were and then what your new estimates were and what the increases are from the original estimate to where you are today, and I understand the higher earnings contribution from the project now that it's a higher cost project. Then I have a follow-up question for that.
Debra L. Reed: Sure. Let me just remind you that when we talked about the plant and the cost of that the plant previously, we did not include any of the interest or the cost that's associated from putting our assets in. So the cost that we were referring to previously was a $6 billion cost, and that was really the incremental of the cost of the facility without the financing cost and -- or capitalized interest cost. That cost now is estimated to be between $6 billion to $7 billion. And the reason for that is that in order to give a steady supply of export at 12 mtpa, our partners wanted the facility sized to 13.5 mtpa so that their actual export could be at that level of 12. And so we upsized the facility on the nameplate basis. The license still remains as a 12 mtpa export, but that gives us the ability to have downtime and still be able to export that on an ongoing basis.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then just -- I know you guys are limited on what you can say on the Mexican IPO. But if I can ask in terms of the strategic rationale behind pursuing the IPO, I think you mentioned was you wanted foreign ownership of these assets, given where they sit. Can you go into a little bit more granularity on that? I mean, is it the country risk that is an issue, or is it that you're growing the assets in that country and so you need to raise equity to fund the capital expansion in that particular area?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Faisel, due to securities rules, we are not able to talk about that. What I will say is that we are very pleased with our Mexican businesses and the performance of our Mexican businesses. But I cannot talk anything about the offering at all or the rationale behind it, yes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to take a look at Slide 8 and make sure I understood the growth outlook, and thanks very much for the clarity that you provided here. It is very helpful. As you think about the baseline upon which you're growing EPS, as you noted in the remarks, you're excluding the earnings benefit from the sort of 2012 adjustment that shows up in 2013. Would that also exclude Mesquite? And I guess what I'm trying to better understand is what would that range be upon which you are projected to grow your EPS? Can you just provide a little bit further color on that?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. The base that we're using, the only exclusion for 2013 from that base would be the retroactive effect of the rate case, and we're not going to quantify that amount. But if you looked at our 2013 estimate, the only exclusion that we're taking out of that for our growth projection would be the 2012 retro effect of the rate case.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, understood. So the -- in the $430 million to $480 million it does have in it the retroactive impact and Mesquite as well, or did I get that wrong on Mesquite?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, that has -- it has -- excuse me, I'm sorry. It has both the retroactive impact of the rate case in Mesquite in the $430 million to $480 million. And the range is wider than we normally would give because we have 2 years of rate case effects coming in to 2013 now because of the delay. Joe, I think you want to added a little a bit of color.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. Stephen, you're right. Mesquite is in there and that's sort of a onetime thing. But we also have some onetime costs in there in the parent segment related to the transaction that we were talking about a moment ago, with our reduction of our interest in Mexico. So it helps offset that. It's not that big but...
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And just if I could on SONGS. I imagine, again, here, unfortunately, you probably are limited as to what you're really able to say. But I was just curious if you had any -- as you've looked at the procurement situation and the allegations regarding procurement that are being discussed, if you had any further color on the risk inherent in some of these allegations that procurement was done improperly? Or anything further you could say on just the situation with Mitsubishi?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we have had no access to any of the reports that have been published in the media. So I -- we don't have any special insight as to what the allegations are at all. What I can say is that when we look at the facility and we look at the going-forward process, that there's Mitsubishi coverage, liability coverage, and Edison has filed disputing the fact that it should be capped. And so that will be an issue as we go forward as to how much liability coverage Mitsubishi -- or warranty coverage Mitsubishi would have. And then we've also made a filing at NEIL for insurance. And NEIL has previously covered and it is part of the coverage with NEIL to cover replacement power cost under these kind of situations. So I think this will be kind of a prolonged process of trying to get to the root issues. Our focus is to ensure that when the facility is restarted, when Unit 2 is restarted, that it's done so safely. And that is the most critical aspect to us is to ensure that our partner, who is the operator, Southern California Edison, pays close attention to the safety of the restart of that facility. And I think the rest of this will play out over a few years.
Operator: We'll hear next from Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: A question on liquefaction. In your slides now, you're saying that it'll be online in the second half of '17. Does that mean that we should, I guess, subtract out the small portion that you've included in the '16 guidance from the last Analyst Day?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. When we looked at -- I think last year, we had something like $20 million or $30 million in for liquefaction. We have like one month's worth of liquefaction, so it was a very small amount in 2016. And now we're looking at it coming on -- it starting in the middle of 2017 and then all 3 trains being completed by the end of 2018.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And second question, just on the parent expense. It looks like in your '13 guidance, it's up about $40 million from the midpoint versus the last Analyst Day. What's changed on that?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I'll have Joe go through that with you.
Joseph A. Householder: So a couple of things are occurring. As I just mentioned when I -- when Stephen was asking his question, we do have some onetime costs in there related to the transaction with Mexico, and then we have a bit higher interest expense. We moved some things between a couple of the segments, but it's mostly that first item. So it'll be kind of a one -- mostly a onetime issue, and then it won't be the same going forward.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then it'll come back to kind of what you've guided to in the last presentation?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about capital spending levels or expectations at the utilities, both of them, SDG&E and SoCalGas, going forward 2013 and beyond, just kind of what do you see directionally may have changed since your Analyst Day and just kind of how you're thinking about whether CapEx from here grows from 2012 levels, kind of flatlines, kind of declines, just big picture?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, if you look at the big picture of CapEx that -- what we gave you at last Analyst Meeting is looking pretty good for the 2 utilities, that we spent about $1.2 billion at SDG&E last year and we spent about $700 million or so at SoCalGas last year. And our numbers for 2013 are, at SoCalGas, higher than that because we are now implementing the smart meter program, and we expect to get a decision on the PSEP. And so on the long term at SoCalGas, we gave you numbers last year of $1 billion to $1.2 billion over the 5-year period, those look like pretty good numbers over the 5-year period. And at SDG&E, we gave you numbers last year of $1 billion to -- of about $1 billion to $1.1 billion, which looks to be pretty good over the 5-year period at SDG&E.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. This is Joe, Michael. Do you see on Slide 8? It says $14.6 billion capital program. But not to upfront the conference because we want to have something to talk about there, but roughly the same percentage is going to be spent in the California utilities as before.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. And I want to make sure I just understand the accounting for how the rate case -- the delay in the rate case impacts 2013 and whether that has any impact beyond 2013.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. The -- let me just try to go through that and then I have Joe add anything to it. But basically, the only thing that was recorded in 2012 was an increase with the expected wildfire recovery at SDG&E, because we had been granted that numerous times by the commission. And so that was recorded as estimated additional revenues in 2012. Then in 2013, we would record the retro effect of the true-up of the revenue requirement for 2012 in the quarter which we get a decision in 2013, and then we would look at the 2013 amount of retro for the beginning of this year and then record that. And then from that point on, we would record the 2013 revenue requirement that we actually get, and there would not be any other effect in that -- in 2014 and beyond, other than we get attrition. And whatever the attrition mechanism is in 2014, the revenue requirement would go up by that attrition mechanism. And so we'd be back to more of a normal basis. I don't know. Joe, is there any...
Joseph A. Householder: No. No, that's correct.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then final item, how are you thinking now about growth on the U.S. Gas & Power business, meaning you've signed up some of the new contracts on the solar side? Just curious for your views on how much incremental solar growth, how big you want that business to be, and what your thinking is on both wind and gas-fired generation?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we're very excited about the opportunity for that business, especially integrated as the Cameron LNG comes on and some of the other assets that we have that we think will have some uplift with that. So let me have Mark kind of go through that a little bit more detail.
Mark A. Snell: Okay, thanks. Well, look, I think what -- obviously, the big growth engine is going to be LNG. That's the thing that's going to really grow the U.S. Gas & Power business. But until that comes online, I mean, we do expect to -- we've set a goal of about 1,200 megawatts of renewables. We're at about 842 now, and we would expect to reach that goal. We have a lot of projects under development. I think they all look pretty good. That business I think -- look, it's definitely been hurt by lower gas prices, and it's -- and lower power prices. But I think we've taken the appropriate steps to mitigate those realities, and I think you're going to see good growth in that business, especially as LNG comes on.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Barnett with Morningstar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick questions, I guess maybe be a follow on to Michael's question about U.S. Gas & Power. I know with the PTC extension, does that kind of increase your appetite for maybe some incremental development outside of what you've talked about explicitly, or maybe some additional M&A in that area?
Mark A. Snell: Well, Mark, it's -- I mean, obviously, it was -- it's a good thing. We have to be careful because the projects have to start in 2013. And unfortunately, the industry as a whole wasn't anticipating the extension, so we've got some catching up to do. But I do think it might lend itself to another wind project or 2.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess now -- like a quick question on the equity offerings, not about the offering itself, I guess, but will the kind of -- the 15% to 20%, will that change kind of your debt financing strategy significantly for this current round of infrastructure projects?
Debra L. Reed: We just really can't talk about anything that -- relating to any changes in the business as a result of this. So I just want to be very religious in following the securities rules, and I'm getting the signal from our attorneys that we can't answer the question, so.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I understand. I understand. Well, maybe you can -- this one might not cross any line. Is there a potential to maybe replicate that elsewhere in South -- in your South American businesses. Might that be something to consider, given you mentioned some sort of larger projects down the line?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I mean we like -- we said previously in the Analyst Meeting, we like the structure that we have in Peru, where we have about 20% local ownership. And we think it's good to have debt and equity capital in the countries where we're doing business. We think that's a very good model. And so we would look at that in Chile. We would look at that anywhere we have foreign assets which we've already done really in Peru. So Chile would be the next area where we would look at that potentially.
Operator: We'll hear next from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just a quick -- a few quick questions. On the LNG marketing operations that negatively impacted the fourth quarter, what was that, and how much was that?
Debra L. Reed: I'll have Joe talk about it. But a lot of this has to do with the timing of cargoes that are necessary to maintain Cameron in its cold state and how those get timed in. So, Joe, do you want to?
Joseph A. Householder: Sure. Paul, I think last year, if you looked at last year's slides, we said there had been some like $18 million of income we made from LNG marketing activities that wouldn't recur, and there's various things as cargo. But natural gas prices slightly impact it. Some higher costs around the liquefaction development cost impact it. But we don't give detail at the segment level even, and particularly at the LNG, and we said last year we weren't going to give more details at the LNG level. But it's an operation that is in this transition, where it's moving from an asset to one that's really going to drive the business. And the size of the Natural Gas segment is going to be close to the size of our International business or SoCalGas. So we're looking forward.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So it's kind of a timing issue and not something that we should be [indiscernible].
Joseph A. Householder: It's a timing -- yes. It's really -- it was mostly a timing issue between years, making more in one year and less in the other.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then in the balance sheet, the sundry items. I asked about this in the third quarter, and again, it seems like it's jumped a bit here in the fourth. And I'm just wondering what was it that's making it grow by about $100-plus million. And did that impact EPS, whatever that item was or items were?
Debra L. Reed: Okay. I'm going to have Trevor, who is looking at that right now, see if he can give you an answer right now. If not, we'll have someone follow up with you after the call. He's looking.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: While he's looking at that, yes, maybe it's the Rabbi Trust or something. But while he was looking at that, I just was wondering on the LNG, just to clarify this, you guys are spending more, you expect to have higher earnings, there's some change in the scheduling it sounds like, but basically though, the ROI we shouldn't think of being materially changed, is that right? The return on investment with this increase in comps?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I said the ROI it should -- you should assume it's within the same type of range as we've talked before. I mean, we're looking -- just to give you kind of a general range, we're looking at when all 3 trains are up and operational, in the range of $300 million to $350 million depending -- annually of earnings, depending on what the actual cost of the facility ends up being.
Mark A. Snell: Paul, this is Mark. If you'll recall, last year, I -- at a very early preliminary stage, we said that we would expect earnings of about $300 million. That's now changed to $300 million to $350 million. But I think the most important thing to realize is the additional cost for expansion of the facility is based on, A, number one, better estimates of what it's going to cost. But the expansion of the facility, to be able to operate constantly at 12 million metric tonnes per annum, that was really a decision of our partners. And so they're asking for us to make these modifications in our original thinking and, obviously, we'll -- are paying for those decisions. So this isn't something that we just kind of came up with on our own. This is in collaboration with working with our customers and partners in the facility.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just on the non-FTA, Christopher Smith, the Deputy DOE guy, made some comments at NARUC that have been sort of -- that I guess have picked up some coverage and what have you in terms of more caution, et cetera, with respect to non-FTA countries apparently. Any -- is that sort of figured into your estimates in terms of approvals and everything? I mean, you guys went over that in your prepared remarks. But I mean do you see any change in this, or is this pretty much in line with what your thinking was?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I mean -- I think when you look at the DOE report that came out, when you look at the fact that you've had major media all be in support of the non-FTA and then there was recently a meeting with the Prime Minister of Japan with the President who urged the President to move quickly to allow the export for the benefit of Japan, I think everything -- that you're going to always hear some other side of that. But I think the momentum is largely moving in the direction of approval. And I'll ask Mark because he's actually been meeting with some of the elected officials in Louisiana who are very supportive of the project, and I'll let Mark kind of fill you in on what he's hearing.
Mark A. Snell: Look, I think all of the news -- it's -- obviously, there's always -- there's some detractors, but I think most of them have been identified as having some very specific self-interest. I think the vast majority of the reports that are coming out and the people that we talked to are supportive of the -- of exports. But I think what's most important and direct to your question, we expect to get the FTA approval this year. We actually expect to hopefully to get it in the first half of the year, but irrespective of when we get it this year, it isn't changing our schedule at all. We're moving forward on our plans. We've -- we're -- it's really not affecting our timing any -- as long as we get it this year, we'll be fine. So I think that's the important thing is it's not affecting our timing, and we very much expect to get it this year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And the sundry items, did you guys come up with an answer yet or?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, yes.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, Paul, we have an answer. I like your detail orientation. For that $150 million increase, only about $31 million of it is really P&L related, which is, as you mentioned, the Rabbi Trust that we talked about last time, which is going up in value as the stock market increases. We also contributed some funds to that, which was about $40 million. And then there was about $20 million of line to credit fees that got put in there, and those get amortized over time. And then we had sort of a gross up of some workers' comp activity, where we put something into that account and also put a liability, kind of grossing up the balance sheet. But really, the only thing that went through the P&L is about $31 million of earnings from the Rabbi Trust.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Is that pretax? Is that after tax?
Joseph A. Householder: That's a pretax number.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: That's a pre-tax number.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: Debbie, going back to your remarks, pretty comprehensive in terms of questions. Once we get the rate case decision, can we expect then in the following quarter that you tighten the guidance for the year?
Debra L. Reed: Well, the -- what we would plan to do is once we get that decision, look at it, and we would most likely tighten the guidance range at that time, once we've had the chance to have a final decision and analyze it. I think that, yes, that's where we're headed right now is to be able to do that.
Operator: We'll hear next from Michael Goldenberg with Luminus Management.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: Just to clarify, on the LNG, you're saying ROI will be the same. And it's going to be $300 million to $350 million of earnings, and that's kind of pro rata to what it would have been at 12 and then going to 13 7, so the math works. I just want to confirm that all those numbers are correct.
Mark A. Snell: Yes. It's more related to the cost than it is to the size. But yes, you're on the right track.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: Okay. And then one question on utilities. The benefit from putting 2012 rate case into 2013, how much is that?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We're not going to give that type of level of detail. It's in our guidance, and we've done our estimate in our guidance, and we'll let you do your own estimate.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: Is there anyway to glean from in 2012 how much the fact that you didn't get the rate case impacted earnings? Is that maybe a question you can answer or?
Debra L. Reed: No. I really can't go there. I think you saw our 2012 results. You saw what we had told you in 2012, originally. And if you want to come up with an estimate, I think you can -- you have the kind of the numbers that we have to come up with an estimate.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take a follow-up question from Faisel Khan from Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a few more questions. Do you guys have a CapEx number for 2013? It seems, directionally, looking at the projects that you guys built out last year and the year before, it looks like that number is coming down this year. But if you could give us some details on that, that'd be great.
Debra L. Reed: I have -- I don't know that I have that now to give. We will definitely give you that at the Analyst Meeting when we do that later this year. But it was pretty -- all I can say is it's pretty consistent...
Joseph A. Householder: It'll be very consistent with last year.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, with last year and last year's plan that we gave you. So nothing that is a significant change to last year -- last year's plan.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So even with the powering up of Sunrise and I guess some of the reduction in capital in Renewables, you still expect the CapEx to remain...
Debra L. Reed: Yes, let me just -- remember, at SoCalGas is where we're really starting to spend some money now. And then in Mexico, we just received the $1 billion worth of the pipeline, the 2 pipelines and then another project in the JV with Pemex. And so the total CapEx is not occurring so much in the Renewables space, but that's been now -- had a move to our utility at SoCalGas and then our business in Mexico.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then for U.S. Gas & Power, what kind of assumptions are you guys using for the remaining component of your generation portfolio in terms of capacity factors and spark spreads?
Mark A. Snell: Well, again, we just use the forward curve on gas. And I don't know that we've ever disclosed what the capacity factors are, but it's a nominal effect on earnings.
Debra L. Reed: And just remember, not only do we have the 625-megawatt block that sold, but then we've also sold another block starting in 2015. That's 241 megawatts. So we got down to where we own a very small portion...
Mark A. Snell: Right.
Debra L. Reed: Of that facility. And then it hedged, over the next couple of years, close to that 241 megawatts that we sold-forward starting in 2015 for 25 years. So there's not as much. We've done what we told you we were going to do, and we've reduced significantly any of our market exposure to the Mesquite Power Plant, so.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then just -- there's a project that it looks like it's trying to move forward to build an oil pipeline from the Permian Basin into Los Angeles, and some of that traverses along a pipeline that you guys bought from Questar. I was wondering if you guys had any interest, or are you looking at participating in something along those lines or in a project like that?
Debra L. Reed: Well, I think it's funny because we bought that project from Questar and converted it to a natural gas pipeline because we needed it to reinforce our system. I mean, we have not done anything actively on that. We are aware of the project. We'd have to look at the provisions of our rights of way and all of those issues to see if there was anything that we could do in partnership. But it hasn't been something that we've been focused on greatly.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then last question for me, on the cash flow statement. It looks like the last 2 years, you had a working capital drain, $225 million in '11 and $630 million in '12. And I was wondering, does that reverse, or is there some sort of permanent reduction in working capital that's a drag on cash flows?
Debra L. Reed: Okay. I'm going to turn that over to Joe and Trevor to see the reconciliation on the cash flows.
Joseph A. Householder: Trevor, you want to answer that?
Trevor I. Mihalik: Yes. Faisel, your question specifically relates to?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. So in 2012, the negative working capital outflows of $630 million, and then in '11, you also had a working capital outflow of $224 million. So I'm just trying to match operating cash flow.
Trevor I. Mihalik: Right. Primarily those -- there's -- those working capital outflows are the reg balancing accounts, as well as the wildfire payments that we received in 2012. That's almost $400 million that came in. So there's an adjustment there.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. Very significant portion of it, Faisel, is regulatory balancing account changes coming in and out.
Operator: And at this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Ms. Debbie Reed for closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thank you, all, for joining us today. We -- if you have any follow-up questions, whatsoever, please feel free to call Rick or Victor. And thank you very much, and we will see you at an analyst conference soon to be scheduled. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-06 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Debra L. Reed - Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman of Executive Committee Joseph A. Householder - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark A. Snell - President Trevor I. Mihalik - Chief Accounting Officer and Controller
Analysts: Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kit Konolige Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Ashar Khan Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Winfried Fruehauf
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm Rick Vaccari, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's third quarter 2012 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team: Debbie Reed, Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Trevor Mihalik, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's reports filed with the SEC. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our third quarter 2012 earnings release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, November 6, 2012, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, I will turn it over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Rick, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I know many of you on the East Coast are recovering from the effects of Hurricane Sandy and we appreciate you taking the time to be on this call. SDG&E has sent more than 40 employees and 20 pieces of heavy equipment to help Con Edison repair overhead power lines damaged by the storm, and we will continue to do whatever we can to provide assistance. Moving to our call, today we'll review our third quarter financial results and provide updates on operational matters at all of our businesses, on regulatory matters at our California utilities and on our outlook for the remainder of the year. Let's begin with our financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $268 million or $1.09 per share. Excluding a $60 million after-tax non-cash charge related to our investment in the Rockies Express Pipeline, or REX, adjusted earnings for the third quarter of 2012 were $328 million or $1.33 per share. In the third quarter of 2011, we reported earnings of $289 million or $1.20 per share. This quarter, we were able to grow our adjusted earnings despite the loss of the CDWR contract, which you'll remember expired in September of 2011. And I remain very pleased with our operating performance. We continue to execute on our strategy through the sale of 50% of our Mesquite power plant, our plans to build a new pipeline in Mexico and our continued progress on the liquefaction project at Cameron. Now let me pass things over to Joe to take you through the details of the financial results, beginning with Slide 4.
Joseph A. Householder: Thank you, Debbie. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the third quarter were $174 million, up from $113 million in the year-ago quarter. The primary driver of the increase was a $38 million reduction in tax expense due to a change in IRS tax law regarding how repairs on electric transmission and distribution assets are treated. $22 million of the benefit recorded in 2012 is related to the 2011 tax year, while the remaining $16 million relates to the year-to-date tax benefit for the 2012 tax year. Also benefiting the quarter were $12 million of increased transmission earnings, including the impact of Sunrise Powerlink, which is now in rate base. I want take a moment and discuss recent developments in our Wildfire Expense Balancing Account or WEBA proceeding. Last month, the CPUC issued a proposed draft decision denying SDG&E's request for approval to establish a mechanism to record claims paid out in excess of our insurance. They instead suggested we use an alternative mechanism, the Z-factor, for recovery, which is the same mechanism we use for excess wildfire insurance recovery. The assigned commissioner in this case issued an alternative draft decision approving a rate recovery mechanism for fires occurring after July 2010. Similar to the proposed decision, this alternate decision indicated that SDG&E can seek recovery for 2007 wildfire costs through the same Z-factor mechanism. After reviewing these documents, considering the statutory and regulatory precedents and communicating our concerns to the assigned commissioner through an ex parte meeting, we continue to believe that it is probable that SDG&E will be permitted to recover substantially all costs related to resolving wildfire claims in excess of our insurance through customer rates customer and from amounts recovered from other responsible parties. As of September 30, 2012, we have recorded regulatory assets arising from wildfire litigation costs pending regulatory approval of $326 million. Of this amount, $292 million is related to CPUC operations, while the remainder is related to FERC operations. In February of this year, FERC approved a settlement allowing for the recovery of wildfire-related costs extended through March of 2011. Each quarter, we must determine the extent to which it is probable that we will recover costs and be able to reasonably estimate the recovery. As we have disclosed previously, any negative assessment of the probability of recovery would likely have a material adverse effect on SDG&E's cash flows and results of operations. If the commission fails to act, or it acts in a manner which results in a negative assessment of the probability of recovery or in a manner that affects our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of the recovery, we will record a charge against earnings at the time such conclusion is reached. As of September 30, this would have resulted in an after-tax charge to earnings of approximately $175 million. But to be very clear, we will continue to pursue recovery of substantially all of these costs and given statutory and regulatory precedent, believe it is probable we will be successful in those efforts. Now moving on to Southern California Gas. Third quarter 2012 earnings were $71 million compared to $81 million in the third quarter of 2011. The decrease was primarily attributable to higher depreciation expense, with no increase in authorized revenue due to the delay in our GRC decision. Keep in mind that until we receive final decisions in the SDG&E and SoCalGas general rate cases, we will be recording revenues based upon 2011 authorized levels, plus an adjustment for recovery of incremental wildfire insurance premiums at SDG&E based on recent CPUC decisions for recovery of prior year's increased premiums. Once the general rate cases are decided, we'll record the cumulative impact of the decision from January 1, 2012. In the event that a final decision is not reached until next year, the cumulative impact from the decision will be recorded in 2013 earnings, not 2012. Now please go to Slide 5. At our South American Utilities, earnings were $40 million in the third quarter of 2012 compared to $50 million in the year-ago period. Last year's results included a $19 million nonoperating foreign currency gain related to cash held in Chile at that time. Third quarter 2012 earnings for the Sempra Mexico segment were $54 million compared with $47 million in the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to improved operating results across our businesses in Mexico. Now, please turn to Slide 6. Moving on to Sempra U.S. Gas & Power, the natural gas segment lost $68 million in the third quarter of 2012. Excluding the $60 million charge related to REX, the segment lost $8 million. The loss in the quarter was driven primarily by lower natural gas prices affecting our U.S. LNG business. The decrease from the third quarter of 2011 was mainly attributable to lower natural gas and power prices, including the impact of the exploration of the CDWR contract which, as Debbie mentioned, expired on September 30 of the last year. As you may recall, Kinder Morgan, a 50% owner of Rex, has agreed to sell its interest in the pipeline to Tallgrass Energy Partners. In the third quarter, as part of this sales process, additional market information became available that required us to reconsider the current value of our investment and as a result, we recorded a $60 million after-tax noncash charge. As I mentioned last quarter, we continue to expect to effectively recover our original investment in REX on a cash basis through a combination of distributions and tax benefits prior to the end of the existing contract period. When the sale closes, which is expected to happen later this month, we will receive a $41 million cash payment from Kinder Morgan related to a tax make-whole provision in the LLC agreement. This will partially offset the impact of the charge on full year 2012 results by $25 million after-tax, which we expect to be reflected in fourth quarter results, assuming the deal closes. The Renewables segment generated earnings of $13 million in the third quarter of 2012, up from $1 million in the same period last year. The increase was driven by the addition of solar and wind assets. I am also pleased to announce that we are finalizing agreements with the Salt River Project, a utility in Arizona, to sell a 625 megawatt block of our 1,250 megawatt Mesquite natural gas fired power plant. We expect to receive a price of approximately $600 per kilowatt, which is in excess of our book value. The transaction is contingent on executing definitive agreements and receiving necessary regulatory approvals, and the deal should close by the first quarter of next year. And with that, please turn to Slide 7 and I will hand the call back to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Joe. Last month, Sempra Mexico announced plans to build a 510-mile pipeline project that will transport natural gas from the US-Mexico border south of Tucson, Arizona, to the Mexican state of Sonora to the northern part of the Mexican state of Sinaloa. This project, which should cost roughly $1 billion, will support Mexico's initiative to convert more of its electric generating capacity to natural gas. We expect to fund this project entirely through Sempra International's operating cash flows and Sempra Mexico’s ability to access external capital. The pipeline will be supported by a 25-year take-or-pay contract with the Mexican state-owned electric utility CFE, which will be denominated in U.S. dollars. We expect the project to come online in 2 phases. The first phase should start operations in the second half of 2014, and we expect the second phase to be online in the second half of 2016. This project represents a great growth opportunity for Sempra International, and will add another asset with attractive returns to our portfolio of operations in Mexico. Now let me provide you with an update on what we've been doing to move forward on our plans to develop a liquefaction facility at Cameron LNG. Work on the front-end engineering and design of the project is ongoing and should be done by early December. With that process complete, we will be able to file our formal FERC application later that same month. As you'll recall, we made our pre-filing with FERC in April. And that document, which was well over 1,000 pages long and contained detailed project and environmental information, paved the way for our formal FERC application. We've always planned to complete a full environmental impact study or EIS as part of our application to ensure that FERC has comprehensive information upon which to approve our project. The completion of the engineering work will also allow us to go out for EPC bids in early next year, as planned, and we expect to get the bids back in the second half of 2013. In September of this year, the Department of Energy announced that it was delaying the release of its study on U.S. natural gas export until the end of 2012. We continue to expect to receive a DOE non-FTA permit late this year or early next year, and we don't anticipate that the delay in the report will have a material impact on the overall time line of the project. We expect to finalize negotiations on both our tolling agreement and our JV participation agreement by mid-2013, and continue to believe that we will have received all necessary regulatory approvals by the end of next year, at which point, we will begin construction on the facility. Now let's go to Slide 8. I'd like to update you on some of the key regulatory proceedings at the California Utilities. As we mentioned earlier, we continue to await a final decision on our general rate cases and the current CPC calendar calls for a decision by year-end. However, as Joe mentioned, if a decision is not received by year-end, the retroactive impact of the decision back to January 1, 2012 will be recorded in 2013. Turning to our cost of capital filings at SDG&E and SoCalGas, evidentiary hearings concluded last month and all briefs have been filed. A draft ALJ decision is expected by November 20, in time for us to receive a final decision as scheduled on December 20. The new rates set in this proceeding will be effective January 1, 2013. As a reminder, for SDG&E, this cost of capital filing only covers CPUC jurisdictional assets. SDG&E's electric transmission assets are regulated by the FERC, which currently has an authorized return on equity of 11.35%. The currently authorized FERC return on equity is effective until September 2013. Our pipeline safety enhancement plan is proceeding on schedule. We continue to expect the decision on our PSEP in the first half of next year and continue to receive public comments from commissioners that our filing and past performance are viewed positively. Finally, as Joe mentioned earlier, we did receive both the proposed and alternate decision on our WEBA request and we continue to expect that we will be permitted to recover substantially all these costs either through rate settlements with third parties. Let's move on to Slide 9. At this point in the year, we would typically have good visibility on our full year results, but due to the delay in our general rate case proceedings at SDG&E and SoCalGas, we are not currently in that position. However, due to the strong performance across our businesses, we currently believe that assuming we receive a final rate case decision in 2012, our full-year earnings will be at or slightly above the high end of our prior guidance range of $4 to $4.30 per share. In the event that a decision on the GRC is delayed into 2013, we believe that full year 2012 earnings will be around the low end of that range. This full year guidance excludes the $239 million year-to-date charges related to REX and a $47 million year-to-date tax benefit related to company-owned life insurance policies, which we discussed on the second quarter call. Now let's go to the final slide. We are on track to execute on our strategy and meet the goals we laid out for you in March. Through our sale of 1/2 of Mesquite, we will further reduce our exposure to merchant generation and we will redeploy that capital to areas of the business that fits better with our long-term strategy. Our operational results were solid again this quarter, and our ability to more than offset the loss of the CDWR contract shows the strength of our businesses. We are excited about our future prospects, and I'm pleased that we continue to find excellent growth opportunities as we've done with our new Mexican pipeline project. With that, I'll stop and open up the call to take any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll now take our first question from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just I had a couple of questions, one on LNG and then one on the Mexico pipeline. On the LNG liquefaction proposal, there was recently some statements made by a DOE official stating that he didn't think that the DOE would be granting non-FTA export license until 2014. And then he went on to say that there's really only 2 projects in the queue that are on track to meet all these requirements to get that approval by 2014. Can you just -- can you talk about a little bit like how this differs from -- why this differs from kind of what you're saying and that you expect the DOE will be both be looking at your filing in 2013 and maybe even later this year? Then I have a follow-up on the Mexican pipeline.
Debra L. Reed: Okay, sure. Well, let me address your first question and then we'll go to your second. In terms of some of the comments that have made on non-FTA permit and timing of that, there've been a lot of comments that have made in different presentations that have been made from members of DOE. I would say that one of the comments that was made was an error and actually there was withdrawal of that comment and I think it was related to the comment that you're referring to. What we're hearing is that the report will be out later this year. And that after the report is out, that there would be a comment period of about 60 days. And then after that comment period, the decision would be made regarding non-FTA. So we feel that we will be seeing that sometime in early 2013. Mark, I would ask if you have any additional comments you want to make on that.
Mark A. Snell: Yes, Faisel, it was unfortunate, but the comment that was attributed to a member of the DOE staff was actually not made by a DOE person. And it was made by an outside consultant that was speaking at the same event. And it wasn't really intended to be -- it was more of a reflection on market conditions, not on regulatory permit restrictions. And we really think it really has almost no bearing on our permit or any of the others that are being processed now through the DOE and the FERC. We expect to go forward. Yes, as you know that there has been a delay in the issuance of the DOE report. We don't expect that to affect our project. We're moving forward. We should have our full engineering study done by the end of the year and we expect to file our FERC permit sometime in late December, so with the full engineering study. So we're moving forward on this, and we really haven't -- we really don't expect this to be a big deal.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. That makes it clear. My second question is on the pipeline development in Mexico. In the past, you've talked about dividend-ing out cash flows from your South American operations and taking a tax hit up here in the U.S. through repatriation of that capital. With the development of this pipeline, does that change how you're allocating your cash flow from these international assets into this project, or potentially the dividends you're receiving back from those assets in the U.S.?
Debra L. Reed: Well, as you will recall that we were planning, as you mentioned, to repatriate dollars back over the 5-year plan period beginning in late 2013. We're still planning to do that, and the amounts that we were looking at over the 5-year period we believe are going to be consistent with what we showed you in the 5-year plan. So we don't see any real change in that as a result of this pipeline.
Operator: And we'll now go to our next question from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So I just wanted to be clear on the earnings guidance. So presuming you get a decision from the GRC this year, which hopefully you will, your guidance at or above the high end of the range excludes REX, excludes the parent life insurance, but includes the tax benefit that you spoke in the third quarter at the utility operating companies, correct?
Debra L. Reed: That is correct.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, I just wanted to make sure.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Naaz Khumawala with Bank of America.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have a 5-part question on the wildfire case. Sorry, Steve made me say that. So actually, real questions that I have. One is on the REX write-down. Philips also took a write-down this quarter I know you guys know that. Their write-down, I think, was a little bit bigger than yours was. I don't quite understand how these determinations are made and if it’s the same pipe, is it just based on your forward projections on how this is done? And what more could kind of trigger a write-down past this point?
Debra L. Reed: Sure. Let me address it at a high level, and then we'll have Trevor or Joe kind of fill in more detail. What I would say is in going through the process of assessing this, is our best estimate and we consider all factors involved. There is a ROFR and at this quarter, we had information on the ROFR. We also had the opportunity to have discussions with Tallgrass and understand their kind of strategy long-term for the development of the pipeline and what they might do to change the operations, the flows on that pipeline. We did market modeling and had various models that we consider. And we did a full assessment of all of the data that was available to us, and put a significant amount of weight on the ROFR and made our determination of what we felt the value of the line was. In terms of in the future that we have to assess as information becomes available to us if that changes any of our modeling, if it changes our assumptions, if there was a sale by one of the parties, and we had information on the prices that pipeline share would sold at, whether it's a fourth sale, or if it's a really full open market sale. All those are things that are considered in terms of the valuation. And that's the process we went through and concluded that the level of $369 million for the value of the line was an appropriate level.
Trevor I. Mihalik: Naaz, this is Trevor. And just to kind of reiterate a little bit of what Debbie said here, again, we got the ROFR in the third quarter and so that was another market level input that we needed to consider in determining the equity value from an accounting perspective. We weighted that, that input, at about 2/3 of the value and then we utilized the other inputs that we used in the second quarter as about 1/3 of the value and that's because the ROFR was more of a level 2 input from an accounting perspective and the other unobservable inputs were level 3. And so in determining that, we came out with a fair value of approximately $369 million for the quarter. And so we disclosed that also fairly significantly in our Q.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the Mexico pipeline, just had a couple of quick questions. One is how much Bcf a day of capacity will flow on that? And then when we think about kind of returns on the pipe, should we weight them more toward international returns or more toward the utility-like returns, if you can give firm perspective on that?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, let me just kind of go through the high-level of the pipeline and the returns. In terms of the pipeline, as I mentioned, it was going to cost about $1 billion. And it's a little over [ph] 500 miles. We are expecting returns on that pipeline that are slightly higher than what the ROEs are that we have authorized by our California utility. So that's the kind of returns that we would expect for this pipeline assets that are contracted with CFE for 25 years. And in terms of the Bcf a day, I'll have Mark talk about that.
Mark A. Snell: The pipeline is in 2 phases. The first phase is a little under 800 Bcf a day, and the second phase is a little over 500 Bcf a day.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, so 1.3 Bcf in total?
Mark A. Snell: Well, no. I wouldn't add it together. It's a little under 800 Bcf coming down to a certain point and then it gets sold [indiscernible].
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, I see what you're saying.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige: So just to follow again on the Mexican pipeline, can you give us an idea then. Sounds like you will finance it at the project level. And so what -- how should we view how much equity you would have in that business, either parent level cash and net investment or even parent of level equity that would be attributable to that? And then if you could discuss a little bit what under the contract do you get dollars that can be repatriated immediately? Or is this generating more cash that's held overseas?
Debra L. Reed: Kit, Let me just try to give you a very high level and then I'm going to have Joe go into our thinking on the financing. At first, I would say, as you know, that we have a lot of debt capacity still in Mexico. And we've talked about that in prior meetings. And so that we have -- are looking at all the options for the financing of this and what ends up being the best for us in terms of the goals that we have and lower rates and security and all. So let me turn it to Joe and he will go through kind of where we are. Let me just also say that we haven't made a decision. I mean, we just really got the notification that we received these and so we're going to look at all of our options there. So Joe?
Joseph A. Householder: We're very excited to have this new project be part of our growth profile and the sources of the capital that we're going to use to fund it will depend on minimizing our cost, maintaining the strong credit quality we have and enhancing our financial flexibility, and part of that will be looking at the dividend as you mentioned. And as we begin to incur significant expenditures as we start to develop this project, we'll work on finalizing that approach and let you know as we know more about how we're going to do that. But it will produce dollars, but those dollars will be part of the retained earnings and then depending on how we finance it, we'll have to look at what we do to bring that money out. It doesn't immediately just come out. It obviously will be part of our whole Mexico franchise and we'll have to evaluate those dividends. But as Debbie mentioned earlier to Faisel's question, we will be continuing with the program of about $300 million a year into the near-term as we see that go on, unless something happens here in the election and we see a different tax regime.
Kit Konolige: Okay. And on a separate topic then, your guidance for 2012 now, assuming that you did get a decision in the GRC by the end of the year and, therefore, you’d then, I gather, be indicating you’d be at or slightly above the high end of the current range. But that's with what I calculate as something like $0.15 of the tax special item or kind of onetime sort of item. A, is that an accurate way to look at it? B, compared to at the Analyst Day earlier in the year, which segments are stronger and which are weaker than you had thought at that time?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, first, let me say that the special tax item that I think you're referring to, we had the -- we're taking out the COLI, which was not a tax item. We're taking out the REX, and that's what our guidance includes. And then we had the tax item at SDG&E this quarter, which is really not a special tax item. It's an ongoing change in how taxes are calculated for SDG&E. And so we should see that impact continuing into next year, some of it. Part of it, about $0.09 a share this year was retroactive to 2011, and the remainder of it was for 2012 and would continue, subject to no other changes, into 2013. So I just want to clarify that it wasn't a onetime item or the majority of it was not a onetime item.
Kit Konolige: Very good. Okay. And so then segments compared to the Analyst Day, which are doing better than you'd thought and which not as well?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, if you've kind of looked at our segments, SDG&E has had a very, very strong year. And that -- when we get a rate case decision, SoCalGas will have had a very strong year. I mean, we are booking based upon 2011 revenues with no attrition at those 2 utilities. And so -- and we are booking based upon the depreciation and the interest expense and all that we had in 2011, and that, that is much higher this year than it was actually in 2011, but we don't have any additional revenues we're booking for that until we get a rate case decision. So those 2 segments are doing extremely well. Our International segment is doing extremely well, and our gas and power segment is pretty much on track with what we expected.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just another question on Cameron. Assuming you don't get non-FTA approval, what then happens? Do you only do a train or do you do -- you just cancel a project? And then I have a follow-up.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, let me have Mark talk about that. I don't think there's much of a change in our view from what we've talked about before but...
Mark A. Snell: No, I think what we've said publicly is that the projects would be smaller, and that means this probably goes from 3 trains to 1 or 2 trains and we'd have to evaluate that at the time. But let me stress that none of the feedback we've gotten from the FERC or the DOE and none of the -- and the way are rules are written and what we expect to go forward and the rumblings we've heard about the report at DOE, we fully expect to get this thing permitted and moving it forward. So we don't think that that's going to be a -- that we're going to have to deal with that. But if we do, we do think that there's enough of a market with our partners in the FDA-approved countries already that we would just -- we would continue to do a project, but it would be smaller.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the remaining merchant power assets, are you comfortable with the amount you have there now? Or are you still looking to monetize the remaining megawatts?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, thanks for that question. Just to clarify, our desire is to exit the merchant power business. We don't see that as part of our long-term strategy, and we've been doing that, and we've sold El Dorado. It's a utility we sold half of the plant we co-loaned with Occidental earlier. Now we've sold half of Mesquite to Salt River project and we have about 250 megawatts sold of the remaining block at Mesquite. So we are on the path to exit the merchant generation business. But as you can see from this transaction, that we were able to transact at about $600 per kW. So we're not in a big rush to sell, that we will find buyers that we can work with effectively to get good value for our shareholders from the assets.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And can I ask one more?
Debra L. Reed: Yes.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: In terms of the tax item at SDG&E going forward, is it just going to be a modestly lower tax rate than we've historically seen?
Debra L. Reed: Joe, do you want to comment on that?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, sure. Essentially, this change in the rule will allow us to continue this going forward, but we'll have to actually do the calculations after we spend the funds and see what the repairs were. And so it's a little bit harder to predict what it will be going forward, but it will continue forward and if we continue to operate in the way we are, you might consider it to be a similar kind of an amount.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just on the tax thing again, what would be the regulatory -- first of all, what was it exactly that happened? I guess, if you could just flesh it out a little bit more in terms of what the IRS has now determined? And I mean, was that unique to you? And also, just what will be the regulatory treatment with respect to your current regulatory proceedings? I mean, will this just be -- so that would go into -- somewhat would be incorporated into rates or how should we think of that?
Debra L. Reed: I'll have Joe respond.
Joseph A. Householder: Hey, Paul. So this has been an issue that's been going on for a long period of time. I mean when I arrived here at the company in 2001, people were looking at this issue and the IRS was auditing a lot of companies, the Big 4 were looking at a bunch of companies, trying to do this thing, and there was no guidance really. And there was a big question about whether certain repairs that were made should be deducted or whether they actually should be capitalized for tax purposes. And so some companies have early adopted this rule, if you will, without any guidance, and they're under audit. So each company will be a little bit different here. They didn't all take exactly the same treatment at the same time. We're following the Safe Harbor guidance that the IRS published late in 2011. We had to do a lot of work to study because we had to go back to the sort of beginning of time of all of these assets and these repairs and roll forward the study. And then we had to also make sure we have the systems to implement that and carry it forward. And the -- when you change tax bases like this, not through depreciation, it is normally a flow-through item for rate-making purposes. And that's why it's flowing to the bottom line here. And so that's how it's treated for rate-making purposes. And those kind of flow-through items we always have to forecast into future rate cases.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So would it be captured in these rate cases that you're currently dealing with?
Joseph A. Householder: No.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just a few quick housekeeping items. There's a U.S. Treasury grant receivable of about $181 million I see. And I was wondering, does that impact earnings? And when would we see it impact earnings?
Debra L. Reed: Joe?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, that receivable, it doesn't impact earnings. It is a reduction of the basis of the assets. So when we get the receivable, it just reduces the basis of the assets that you're putting into service. And we're using that grant rather than the ITC. It's more efficient for us. And we expect to get that in the early part of the year. So the solar -- I'm sorry, some of the solar assets.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, I got you. And then with the sundry assets, I've noticed that they've been increasing over -- really actually since the beginning -- since the end of 2010 and I just was wondering, the latest it seems to be $55 million. How should we think about that in terms of does it have an earnings impact and just sort of what's driving that?
Joseph A. Householder: Sundry assets, the increase from the end of the year until now is a couple of different things but one of the things is we have a portfolio of assets that are used to cover our various executive plans and other things that's in a rabbi trust. And those went up in value. So those actually do go to earnings. Some of the other changes where unamortized debt issuance cost and things like that but mostly the change was the rabbi trust going up in value.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Is that excluded -- is that part of the COLI thing or -- I mean, was that in earnings [indiscernible].
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, it actually -- some of those assets are in the COLI, some of them aren't, but it's to support our various deferred comp and other benefits.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So there's like a $55 million benefit in that, is that how to think about it in this quarter?
Joseph A. Householder: That one was not much. I'll see if Trevor has the actual number for the rabbi trust. In the quarter, again, there was about $15 million.
Trevor I. Mihalik: $17 million.
Joseph A. Householder: $17 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, and then just finally, we have -- it's election day today, and I was wondering -- a real question here, perhaps not, but any thoughts about how either whoever wins the presidential election might impact you guys at all, if at all?
Debra L. Reed: I would just say that our history has been able to be able to work under any administration, and that I don't think either administration -- or either candidate has been very, very clear on their energy policies as part of the debate. So whoever gets elected that's one thing we'll work on with them from the very beginning of them taking office or continuing. But I think it's really not that big of an issue for us that both are very favorable on natural gas infrastructure and have made public comments to that degree. And so I think that we feel that we can work under any administration and look forward to doing that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: Sorry I joined late. Debbie, any -- I mean, anyway where you can handicap, I guess, you got another 2 weeks whether we get the rate cases here or no? Any kind of feedback or anything?
Debra L. Reed: It's very difficult for us to determine what's going to happen in the next. Actually we could theoretically get it through the end of November a proposed decision and they could call a special meeting in December and vote it out. They haven't typically done that, so we're looking at November 20th as kind of being the date. And if we don't see a proposed decision by November 20th, we would anticipate it to be next year. And it's unfortunate that the commission has just had a lot of issues on their plate, a lot driven by San Bruno, which has kind of caused their normal schedule to lapse a bit. And it's really hard for us to predict what is going to be the outcome. That's why we wanted to give you a heads up and let you know how it would be accounted for accounting purposes. We would get our dollars retroactively, but in one case it would come into 2012 earnings and in another case it will come into 2013 earnings, which theoretically shouldn't really make much difference, but...
Ashar Khan: Okay. So just to kind of like...
Debra L. Reed: And I would just add that just to be clear, we did not have those earnings in our 2013 guidance so...
Ashar Khan: Yes, that's what I was going to say is that if the case goes into 2013, right, then the 2013, the variance on the guidance is about $0.30. So that would mean 2013 earnings would be higher by $0.13 -- $0.30 from what you had projected at the Analyst Meeting, am I thinking through that correctly?
Debra L. Reed: I would say we're not going to give any information on guidance. I just wanted you to understand that we had assumed we will get the rate case in 2012 when we gave our guidance. And I'm not going to tell you what's going to happen in 2013. We will do that at the Analyst Meeting as we always do and typically we also on our fourth quarter call give you some indication. So we'll do that at that time and then we'll have a better picture on what the actual rate case outcome is at that time.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Barnett with Morningstar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I guess just a quick question on the pipeline projects in Mexico. You've obviously hit a lot of the details on the current project that you've announced, but you said it's more of kind of a $2 billion total opportunity and that there might be some more beyond the announced project. And I was wondering, are all bids in for that remaining? And kind of how do you feel about your prospects for the remaining maybe $1 billion or so of investment?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We've looked thoroughly. There were different segments that were biddable, 4 segments that were biddable and we elected to only bid on 2 of those and we got the 2 that we bid on. So as far as we're concerned for this, the full length of the pipeline, we got the 2 segments that we had bid on. We received the go ahead on those.
Unknown Executive: And that's $1 billion. Just $1 billion.
Debra L. Reed: And that's $1 billion, yes.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So there are no other projects that could be announced later on from this?
Debra L. Reed: Not from this solicitation, but obviously Mexico is doing so much to change from an oil-based economy to a natural gas-based economy, so it's a great growth area for us. But in this solicitation, again, there will be no more.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one just minor thing. I missed your comment on the mitigation payment from Kinder and maybe around some of the timing and maybe an earnings impact from that?
Debra L. Reed: As Joe mentioned, that there was a $41 million payment that we would receive in fourth quarter most likely assuming that the deal closes. And that would have an earnings impact that when we took out the REX amount and kind of looking at our guidance, we take out both the impact of that and we take out the write-off for that. So as we're giving you guidance of the $4 to $4.30 range and where we would be depending on the GRC, we've taken into account the potential of that payment. And not including it in the guidance estimates.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Winfried Fruehauf with Winfried Fruehauf Consulting Ltd.
Winfried Fruehauf: I have a question on the accounting treatment of repairs on the IFRS. Does it make a difference if the repair not only restores the asset to the pre-repair value, but results in a betterment; either in terms of life extension or higher quality, higher capacity or not?
Debra L. Reed: I'm not sure that I understood your question clearly. It was a little muddled here. But I think it had to do with the IFRS and...
Unknown Executive: The IRS treatment of this. And really under the Safe Harbor, it just really gives guidance as to what amount of the line can actually be subject to capitalization or what amount of the line is subject to really expense based on the repair. And so that's what really the IRS is giving guidance on is even though that the repairs may not add longevity to the line or increase the capacity of the line, you're still allowed to capitalize a certain amount of the repairs and that's what this Safe Harbor ruling does, it allows you to capitalize some of the amount that we historically would have expensed.
Joseph A. Householder: Winfried, this is Joe. I understand what you're saying and those betterments and all those rules are kind of the old way that the IRS looked at these sort of things. What they've done with these rules is they've tried to define what a unit of property is, so they're looking at a certain number of feet or miles of pipe or in this case, a transmission line or distribution line. And if you only repaired a certain amount of that, and it's less than the whole unit, then you get to expense that as a repair rather than capitalize it. And so that's what this has to do with and it's kind of getting away from a little bit betterment language that you're referring to.
Winfried Fruehauf: Okay, that's helpful. The other question I have is on the largess at natural gas resulting from lower natural gas prices which impacts your LNG business, is there a metric that would allow one to determine the impact for, say, a $0.10 up or down change in natural gas prices, the impact on LNG?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, we generally use for the LNG business a rule of thumb of $13 million per dollar change in gas prices, is what we traditionally use as a rule of thumb for that. And that applies to the LNG business. There's also some variability in some of other businesses, but those businesses depend on what our hedge positions are. I know they are not so easily done by a rule of thumb, but for LNG about $13 million per dollar change.
Mark A. Snell: And SoCal board of price was down $0.66 from what it was at the end of last year and that's what's causing this $8 billion or $9 million effect.
Debra L. Reed: I'll remind you though that for our utility businesses, we are not at risk for any of the commodity changes so gas price impacts are really in our U.S. gas business and our International for the LNG so.
Winfried Fruehauf: And this $13 million, is it pretax or after-tax?
Debra L. Reed: Pre-tax.
Unknown Executive: After-tax.
Debra L. Reed: After-tax.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go now to our next question from Vedula Marti with CDP Capital. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. Ms. Reed, I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed: Well, I again want to thank you all for joining us this morning. And if you have any further questions, please feel free to contact Rick or Victor and have a great day. Thank you very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Vice President of Investor Relations Debra L. Reed - Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman of Executive Committee Joseph A. Householder - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark A. Snell - President
Analysts: Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Kit Konolige
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead.
Richard A. Vaccari: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm Rick Vaccari, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's second quarter 2012 financial results. Live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team, Debbie Reed, Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and CFO; Trevor Mihalik, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; and Bruce Folkmann, Assistant Controller. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Factors that could cause our actual result to differ materially are discussed in the company's reports filed with the SEC. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis and that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and to Table A in our second quarter 2012 earnings release for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, August 2, 2012, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, I will turn it over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Rick, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. You may have noticed a new name in the list of introductions Rick just made, so let me introduce Trevor Mihalik, our new Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. He has extensive industry experience in the energy business and also a strong accounting background, and he is going to make a great addition to the already strong management team that we have here at Sempra. I'd also like to mention that Bruce Folkmann, who has been our Acting Controller since October of last year, will become the Vice President and Controller of our U.S. Gas & Power business starting next week. On today's call, we'll review our second quarter financial results and then we'll give you a regulatory and operational update on our businesses. Let's begin with our financial results. Earlier this morning, we recorded second quarter earnings of $62 million or $0.25 per share, excluding a $179 million non-cash charge related to our investment in the Rockies Express Pipeline, or REX. Adjusted earnings for the second quarter of 2012 were $241 million or $0.98 per share. In the second quarter of 2011, we recorded adjusted earnings of $226 million or $0.94 per share, which excluded the $277 million remeasurement gain we booked when we completed our acquisition of South American Utilities. As many of you are aware, Kinder Morgan, a 50% owner of REX, is in the process of selling its interest in the pipeline as a result of its merger with El Paso. The REX pipeline is contracted through late 2019. The current market conditions for the pipeline are weak due to low gas prices and low basis differential. The sale by Kinder Morgan, coupled with the weak market conditions, led us to determine it was appropriate to record an impairment at this time. Joe will provide more details on this a little later in the call. After adjusting for the REX impairment, our businesses are performing well and consistent with the plans we shared with you at our Analyst Conference. Given our performance through the first 6 months of the year, we continue to expect to meet our earnings guidance for 2012, which is $4 to $4.30 per share. The full-year guidance excludes both the charge related to the REX and a tax benefit related to a change we've made in the holding period for the life insurance contracts we own. Joe will also discuss this change in more detail and in fact, let me just hand things over to him now to take you through details of the financial results, beginning with Slide 4.
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie, and thank you, all, for joining us again. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the second quarter were $95 million, up from $71 million in the year-ago quarter. This increase was primarily due to higher earnings from Sunrise Powerlink, which was put into service in June of this year. In addition, the earnings comparison was impacted by the timing of wildfire insurance premium recovery. During 2011, insurance premiums expensed in the second quarter were not recovered in revenues until the fourth quarter when the CPUC issued a decision approving the recovery. Moving to Southern California Gas. Second quarter 2012 earnings were $53 million compared to $59 million in the second quarter of 2011. A decrease was primarily attributable to higher operating expenses and depreciation without the usual revenue increase due to the delay in our GRC decision. Majority of the increased expenses are costs which we expect to recover in full once the rate case decision is final. Please keep in mind that until we receive final decisions in the SDG&E and SoCalGas general rate cases, we will be recording revenues based upon 2011 authorized levels, plus an adjustment for recovery of incremental wildfire insurance premiums at SDG&E based upon recent CPUC decisions for prior year's premiums. Once those general rate cases are decided, which we now expect to occur in the fourth quarter of this year, we'll record the cumulative impact of the decision from January 1, 2012. In addition to the retroactive impact resulting from the change in authorized revenue, we also expect certain pipeline inspection expenses that are unrelated to our Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan to be fully recovered. Now please go to Slide 5. For our South American Utilities, earnings were $38 million in the second quarter of 2012, roughly equal to last year's results after excluding the remeasurement gain Debbie mentioned earlier. Second quarter earnings for the Sempra Mexico segment were $43 million compared with $35 million in the same period last year. The increase here was primarily due to tax benefits related to currency and inflation adjustments that were booked in the quarter. This benefit effectively just reverses the tax expense for the same items that we recorded in the first quarter of this year. Now please turn to Slide 6. Moving on to Sempra U.S. Gas & Power, the natural gas segment lost $193 million in the second quarter of 2012. Excluding the $179 million charge related to REX, the segment lost $14 million. This decrease of $61 million in adjusted earnings was attributable to lower natural gas and power prices, including the impact from the exploration of the CDWR contract at the end of the third quarter of last year. I'd like to spend a few minutes on our decision to impair REX. As Debbie mentioned, current market conditions are different than when we originally decided to invest in this pipeline, and the current market value suggests that the current book value will not be recovered in full on a present-value basis. Accordingly, we have taken a $179 million after-tax charge to reflect our estimate of the currant value of REX based on a set of assumptions using current market data, forecast of future pipeline capacity and various pipeline flow scenarios. I think it's important to point out that we expect to effectively recover our original investment in REX on a cash basis through a combination of distributions and tax benefits prior to the end of the existing contracts. Renewables segment generated earnings of $24 million in the second quarter of 2012, up from $4 million in the same period last year. The increase was driven by the addition of solar and wind assets. As you'll recall, we now use the deferral method of accounting for investment tax credits. The change in accounting method reduced the originally reported second quarter 2011 earnings by $8 million or about $0.03 per share. Now please go to Slide 7. For the second quarter, Parent & Other had earnings of $2 million as compared to a loss of $27 million in the same period last year. This quarter's results included a $54 million tax benefit associated with our decision to hold life insurance contracts that we keep in support of certain benefit plans to term. Proceeds from death benefits under those contracts will be tax-free. Previously, we took the position that we might surrender these contracts before maturity and those transactions would have been taxable. As such, we had recorded taxes on the unrealized gains on investments held within the insurance contracts. This tax benefit was partially offset in the quarter by an $11 million tax -- consolidated tax expense, which we expect to reverse by year-end. Year-to-date tax benefit related to the life insurance contracts is $47 million, net of a $7 million income tax expense recorded in the first quarter of 2012. Excluding both the noncash charge related to REX and the $43 million net tax benefit recorded at the Parent this quarter, we are pleased with our business unit performance for the quarter and remain on track to meet our targets. With that, please turn to Slide 8 and I will hand the call back to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Joe. Now I'd like to update you on some of the key activities within our businesses, starting with our 3 major regulatory proceedings at the California utility: the general rate cases, the cost of capital and the Pipeline Safety Enhancement proceedings. As we mentioned earlier, we are awaiting a final decision on our general rate cases. We now expect to receive a decision in the fourth quarter of this year. Turning to our cost of capital filings at SDG&E SoCalGas, the commission issued a schedule for this proceedings which calls for intervenor testimony on August 6, hearings in September and then final decision by December 20. The new rate set in this proceeding will be effective January 1, 2013. As you'll recall, for SDG&E, this cost of capital filing only covers CPUC jurisdictional assets. SDG&E's electric transmission assets are regulated by the FERC, which currently has an authorized return on equity of 11.35% on the actual equity held. Currently authorized FERC return on equity is effective until September 2013. Our Pipeline Safety Enhancement proceeding is progressing. All intervenor and rebuttal testimony has now been filed and evidentiary hearings are scheduled to take place later this month. We'd still expect the final decision on our plan by the first quarter of next year. Let's move to Slide 9. On the operational side, this was a very significant quarter for us as SDG&E energized the Sunrise Powerlink in mid-June. 117-mile, 500-kV transmission line is a key resource that will bolster our region's electric reliability, particularly the summer during the extended outage at San Onofre. Sunrise will also deliver a significant amount of renewable energy to San Diego, plus provide over $100 million annually in regional economic benefit. From a financial perspective, Sunrise will now move out of our construction work-in-progress account and into rate base. At year-end, we expect our rate base investment in Sunrise to be about $1.4 billion, which reflects the impact of bonus depreciation. As with all transmission and substation investments, Sunrise will earn at the FERC-authorized rate of return on equity. We also receive CPUC approval in the second quarter on the East County, or ECO Substation. This is a $435 million project that will boost electric reliability in the region and help in increasing the delivery of renewable power to utility customers. Construction should begin later this year and the project being placed in service by 2014. When placed in service, this investment will be included in SDG&E's FERC rate base. We continue to find attractive growth opportunities in our international businesses. And in Chile, we formed a joint venture with SAESA, a similarly sized distribution company, to develop electric transmission projects. The Chilean government has awarded our joint venture 2 projects as part of a competitive bidding process. These projects, which we expect to complete in 2017, will require a total investment of $160 million by the JV, and our share can be funded by local debt and cash. The Chilean government has also announced a bid due later this year for 5 additional transmission projects, which provides further opportunities to expand our presence in the transmission sector in Chile. Finally, let me provide you with an update on our progress at Cameron LNG to develop a liquefaction facility. We continue to work closely with our partners, Mitsui, Mitsubishi and GDF SUEZ, on the design and development of the project, and expect to complete the front-end engineering and design work by the end of this year. We are working with these same partners on completing the definitive tolling agreements, and those negotiations should be complete late this year or early next year. We are also working with our partners on the project financing and the joint venture agreement. On the regulatory front, we remain optimistic that we will receive the DOE non-FTA permit late this year or early next year. We've also begun the FERC permit process and we expect to obtain that permit in the second half of next year. Now let's go to final slide. I'm pleased that we had a solid quarter, both financially and operationally, across our businesses. While we are disappointed to have to take the noncash charge related to REX this quarter, we do remain focused on executing on our plans to derive the highest value from all of our operations and assets. We remain on track to meet our operating goals, and our long-term growth prospects continue to be strong. With that, I will stop and open up the call to take any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Naaz Khumawala from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. Joe, do you mind letting me know how much was the Mexico tax gain in the quarter?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, Naaz, this is Joe. It was about $8 million and prior quarter, it was $7 million. So it's virtually -- it's less than $0.5 million year-to-date.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just can you guys talk about -- I know you impaired REX based on projected cash flow going forward, kind of once the contracts expire, what do you expect to do with REX? And kind of how do you see the pipe progressing, is there a back haul opportunity? And what can you do?
Debra L. Reed: Let me make a couple of comments on it and I'll turn it over to Mark to go through some of our thinking on this because we have done a great deal of modeling, looking at what we think may happen to gas markets post-2019 when the contracts expire. And if you look at how we felt about REX, the one thing that I want to make clear is because the Kinder is in the process of this sale, the way that you value REX for the purpose of assessing whether it's an impaired asset is different because they're in the process of the sale, and it's not the net present value of the future cash flows. You use net present value of the future cash flows versus actual future cash flows. So a lot of what we were looking at is, what is the timing of some of the changes that will all occur in REX, and we do believe that there will be changed flows on that pipeline over time with the development of Marcellus and Utica. It's just a matter of when those occur and what it does to that asset over time. So Mark do you want to talk about that?
Mark A. Snell: Yes, a couple of things. Look, we -- this is still an important asset. And it's a good system to bringing gas now to the Rockies East. But of course, with the development of the Marcellus in particular, as Debbie mentioned, we do think over time after our contracts expire, that flow could reverse and gas for -- will flow from both directions, then go up to Chicago and then to the Midwest, but a couple of things. Just keep in mind, one, as Joe said in his notes and I think it's important, is that we're going to be, by -- before the end of the contract period, we will have recouped all of our investment in either cash distributions or tax benefits. And from an accounting perspective, we'll still have bases left. But economically, we'll have gotten our money back, I think that's important thing to remember. And two, I don't think anybody can -- we don't know with 100% certainty exactly where -- what the revenues will be beyond the contract period but we know that there is interest in going from both directions, and we know that we'll have significant revenues. Now they may not be as good as we have now and that's what we've indicated by our write-down, but I think -- we do think this will be a significant asset going forward.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just in -- once Kinder does -- if they decide to, and then once they complete the sale, is there -- would you guys reassess the value based on market conditions, as this is my accounting failing me?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Let me ask Joe to talk about how we look at that.
Joseph A. Householder: Okay. Naaz, the Kinder sales process, as Debbie and Mark said, led us to evaluate the REX investment. But our analysis is based on several scenarios that resulted in the fair value assessment that we put on REX. So we would not expect that the eventual sale will really reveal any information that would cause us to change any of our assumptions within these scenarios. So we would not expect any change in our assessment. Of course, over time new information could come to light, we just don't expect that to occur in the next several years.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you just give a little bit of an update on renewable projects put in place during the course of 2012? And also what you're seeing in terms of output or capacity factor levels for some of your gas power plants in the U.S., meaning you're nonregulated gas plants?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, sure. Michael, I'll mention some of the renewables and kind of go through what we have in operation, and then what we have under development right now. Right now in operation, we have Fowler Ridge which is a 100 megawatt, our share. We have Copper Mountain Solar 1 and El Dorado Solar, 58 megawatts, and then we have 125 megawatts at Cedar Creek II Wind, which is our share of that, we own 50% of that. Right now, under development, that's contracted and under construction, we have the Flat Ridge Wind project, which our share is 235 megawatts, and that is to be put in service this year. We have the Mahogany wind project, which was just dedicated this week and our share of that is 71 megawatts, and that's to be completed this year. We're in the process right now of -- on Mesquite Solar, of building that out to a total of 150 megawatts, and we had 98 megawatts energized thus far. And that will be finally complete in 2013. And then we have Auwahi Wind, which is under construction right now, and that is a 11-megawatt wind project which will be done this year. And then we have also under contracts that we're working on construction, the Copper Mountain Solar project and that will be 92 megawatts. And then the ESJ project, which will begin later this year, which will be -- our share is 78 megawatts. And we have a lot of -- bottom line, we have a lot of construction going on. I mean massive amount of construction going on these projects. All the wind projects are scheduled to be done in 2012 before any issues of PTC go away. So they're all scheduled to be done in 2012, with the exception of ESJ, which is not dependent upon PTC because as you know, it's being constructed in Mexico and we just get accelerated depreciation on that. And then I'll have Mark talk about kind of the capacity factors, and maybe a little bit of information on what's happening in the generation front.
Mark A. Snell: Yes, on the generation front, on the gas fired generation front here in Southern California and the West where our plants are located, I think through the quarter we saw continued sort of weak gas prices and weak power prices. Unlike the rest of the country, we still have had fairly mild temperatures here in Southern California, so we really haven't seen much of an uptick or pressure on prices. We are expecting in August and September for that to change. We are seeing an uptick in both spark spreads or -- higher heat rates and better pricing. It's not significantly better, but it is better than it's been. We would expect to be a little bit stronger in the next quarter.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And finally, I know you gave a little bit of an update of this at the Analyst Day, but any further thoughts on natural gas storage development? Or any changes since the Analyst Day?
Mark A. Snell: Yes. No real changes since the Analyst Day. I mean I think the prospects for additional development on the storage side really is going to come in relation to the LNG projects that are in the Gulf. And we are uniquely situated with one of our projects, the Louisiana storage facility, which is -- which would be ideal to serve both our facility there and also the Cheniere facility. So we think that eventually that will get developed and it will be a good asset.
Debra L. Reed: And that facility would be about 19 Bcf when fully developed. Also as Mark mentioned, in that area, we have the Cameron pipeline that serves that LNG facility. And we would anticipate the development of both the storage and that pipeline to serve our facility in Cheniere's.
Operator: Moving on, our next question is from Leslie Rich from JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: I wondered if you could just give an update on the cash that you are expecting to repatriate from Latin America? Is that likely to be in the fourth quarter?
Debra L. Reed: So we had indicated that we were planning on having the repatriation begin next year, at the end of next year. And I'll have Joe go through that. One of the reasons that we feel that it's good to wait until next year is that gives us the opportunity to see what happens with all the tax law changes after the election. And then we can really assess if anything is changing that would in anyway modify how we would do our repatriation. Joe, do you want to...
Joseph A. Householder: Leslie, Debbie's right. Everything she said was consistent with what we had at the Analyst Conference. In addition to that, we also still had some intercompany debt that we could move cash from those countries up to the holding company. So we were going to pay off these intercompany loans during this year, so we didn't need to actually pay the dividend this year.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: Okay. And then separately, on CapEx, are you tracking in line with the breakout that you gave at the Analyst Day? Year-to-date, I see you've spent about $1.8 billion but it looks like it's distributed a little bit differently. So I just wondered if your CapEx plans are the same, or different?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Our CapEx for Sempra is right on track to the numbers that we gave at the Analyst Presentation. There's a little bit of differences between one business unit and others, there may be more solar and then some like Humala and some other things that are in -- at SDG&E for projects. But basically, they wash and the CapEx is right on track.
Joseph A. Householder: And also, that -- SDG&E is a little higher in the first because of Sunrise, and then it'll slow off a little.
Operator: And we'll move on to Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just -- a lot of questions have been answered -- but the impact of the REX write-off going forward, I mean it sounds like you guys are contracted. I'm just wondering how it might possibly benefit you guys, a lower depreciation or something?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I mean there would be benefits from lower depreciations but it's very small in terms of the earnings impact from that. I think that the -- probably, I'm looking at REX, that the biggest potential upside is what happens in the market post-2019 when the contracts expire. And really, how gas flows change in that region, what happens with LNG export, what happens with Canadian gas export and all of the -- and we see some real opportunities there. So -- but that's -- in terms of just the write-down having an impact on earnings, it's quite small. Joe, you want to add anything?
Joseph A. Householder: No, that's right. I mean if you think about the total amount that we rolled off and then the pipeline's a 40-year asset, it's not going to be that much per year. It's something but not significant.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then the other thing I was sort of wondering was the -- just to clarify on maybe insurance contract, that was associated with some benefit program, it sound like. I was just wondering what a -- if you could just elaborate a little more and that, what caused you to just change your mind in terms of how you're going to be treating that stuff, just -- nothing tremendous, just a little more clarification on that?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, sure. I'll ask Joe to answer that because this really came up as part of our Pension Investment Committee working with the present group, so...
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. Paul, what we really did was we were studying the benefit plans, and what it really relates to is how we fund within the company, deferred compensation and Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans, and we have a trust fund that's set up to do that. And inside that fund, we have a lot of these light insurance contracts and there are investments within those. And when this got set up, it was 10 or 12 years ago when -- just after the merger, and at that time, people weren't sure how all this was going to work and felt that maybe we'll have to cash these in it sometime. But when I came into the job, I started looking at all that and determined there was plenty of liquidity, there was a lot of cash flow, we could even access these life insurance policies to get cash when we needed it. And so it didn't appear reasonable to think that we actually would collapse these policies or cash them in sooner and pay the tax on the income that was earned in there. And so we reversed that tax that we'd been incurring. We've taken the tax expense for the last 10 years on this. It was just reversing what we had booked, it's all a noncash issue.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kit Konolige from BGC Financial.
Kit Konolige: A question on SONGS. Obviously, you're a part owner there. The Commission, I think, is on the verge of deciding whether to consider what they should do about a nonoperating generating asset. What's your view of -- I don't know, just your perspective on the operational outlook, when and if it might run. And any regulatory overhang and how you expect that to play out.
Debra L. Reed: Well let me try to kind of put our position in light relative to Edison's position on this first. And then kind of go through what we know about that and what our expectations are for the future. First off, just to remind you, SDG&E is a 20% owner in SONGS and we are not the operator. We're not -- we've never been the operator. And our company had no involvement in designing the steam generator replacement or any of that, we basically get the energy out of the plant, then we have a long-term contract with Edison to own 20% of the plant and we get 440 megawatts. Because we're not the operator, when we went through -- when they wanted to build the steam generator, rebuild that. We were very concerned about us taking risk on long term. And our agreement that was approved by the Commission is that all of our O&M is balanced for the plant, so that if Edison asks to spend more than there is in their plant for O&M, SDG&E recovers its actual O&M expenditures for the plant. We also have an account for the purchase power, and the cost of the excess power that we're purchasing now goes into that account to be reviewed by the Commission, but it is also a balancing account. And our expectation would be that we would be able to recover that. And our costs so far during the course of the outage had been about $25 million for that. In terms of looking at the future operation of the plant -- I mean we can understand Edison's position and Edison's position is that they have an agreement with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission where they have to make a filing for restart. And it's our understanding that they're moving towards making the filing for Unit 2 and then later, Unit 3. But Edison cannot determine how long it would take for the NRC to act on that once they make that filing for restart. And so that -- the best that we can tell you is exactly what Edison says on their call and that they're hoping to get the unit started, but that they cannot give a specific date of when the restart will occur because it's dependent upon the NRC approval. We also have a claim to the warranties for our 20% share that Edison has with Mitsubishi, the manufacturer. And we are also an additional insured on the policy that Edison has. And they indicated on their call that they were going to be filing a claim with new NEIL, or putting -- the Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited group that ensures the plant on notice. And so we're an additional insured on that policy. So I think at a high level, our position is different, we do have the balancing account on O&M. We're not the operator. So we pay a lot of attention to this because we get 440 megawatts of power from that plant, and we would like to see it come back online because it ends up being very economical power for our customers.
Kit Konolige: So just to be clear, is the plant -- is your 20% share in SDG&E's rate base?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Our rate base for SONGS right now is $228 million right now, it's our rate base right now. As of 6/30, our rate base is $228 million, and that does not include the CWIP and nuclear fuel and all of that, it's just our 6/30 ending rate base for SONGS. We -- again, we're a little different than Edison because if you will remember, during deregulation, we had to take all these assets out of our rate base, so we basically wrote them down to 0. And so all we have is kind of rate base buildup in SONGS coming from 2001 forward, contrary to any kind of historical rate base.
Kit Konolige: So that -- obviously then, that rate base figure, the $228 million, would be your theoretical exposure if there were some kind of proceeding at the Commission that resulted in exclusion from rate base?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. If -- there's a requirement that the Commission, after the unit has been out for more than 9 months continuously, for the Commission to do an assessment. And they would certainly look at what the circumstances were around this. I mean certainly, the information we're getting is that the Commission is paying attention to this but they delayed today, the OII that they're going to have. And so we would anticipate that they're going to wait and see kind of what the outcome is on this. And then they'll look at it and they'll look at the reasonableness of the actions of the parties in the case. And again, being not the operator, not any at one engaged in design of the facility, I think our position's slightly different than Edison's on this plant.
Kit Konolige: Very good, okay. One other area, it sounded Debbie, as -- you sounded pretty optimistic about DOE approval of the export license for Cameron. Is that any different from your thinking at the Analyst Day? I mean what's new there as far as your read on DOE's action?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we've heard from many parties in Washington that the administration is actually supportive of going forward with LNG export. And that we've heard that they would anticipate having a decision -- or the report coming out on the impacts of LNG export coming out in the end of summer timeframe period. And that after that report comes out, which I've told many of you -- I mean we have 2 reports that pretty much say the same thing, that they don't see a significant impact. It would be hard to believe that this third report would be substantially different than that. And I think after that report comes out, the answer's -- the thought is that there would be the approval of going forward of projects. I would also say that it's very interesting when you look at the actual DOE language, the DOE language presumes approval and it's the burden of proof to show that there would be an adverse effect. So the language is presumptive that export is good and that you're going to have an open market for gas, and that they actually have to prove why it shouldn't be done. And so I think what we're hearing would lead us to believe that this will be moving forward, the issues will -- it'd be the end of this year or first part of next year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Don Alley [ph] from Decade Capital.
Unknown Analyst: Yes. Just a clarification on Kit's question and one other. When you said year-end, did you mean formal DOE approval, or just the DOE report?
Debra L. Reed: No. We're expecting the non-FTA approval by the end of this year, first of next year.
Unknown Analyst: And then the -- their study on the impacts of exports, when would you expect that?
Debra L. Reed: We would -- I mean whether -- everything we've heard is that the end of summer. And a few weeks ago, we were expecting it be coming out sooner, but by the end of summer is kind of the official word we get.
Unknown Analyst: Got it. And then on Chilean JV, how large would you expect that to grow and over what time period?
Debra L. Reed: I'll ask Mark to cover that. As I mentioned, we have the 2 projects that are in total $160 million. We're bidding on 5 more. I mean these are relatively small projects. They're generally -- and the projects we bid on are generally $80 million to $100 million of projects. So I don't see that getting gigantic. But we do have some good opportunities, we have a good partner to develop with. Mark, do you want to...
Mark A. Snell: Everything you said is exactly right. I -- the only thing I would add to that, as Debbie said, they're reasonably small and manageable-sized projects. It will add to our growth down there but they will be completely funded by earnings that was generated down there and in the local debt market. So there isn't any capital coming from Sempra in the U.S. down to South America to fund these projects. They'll be completely self-funded. So it's the best of all kinds of growth in our foreign entities.
Operator: And that does conclude our time for question and answers today. Ms. Reed, I'll turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thank you all for joining us today. And again, if there's any follow-up questions that you have, Rick Vaccari and our team are there to respond to any questions. Please give them a call, and thank you very much for being with us today.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-03 12:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard A. Vaccari - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Debra L. Reed - Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman of Executive Committee Joseph A. Householder - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Mark A. Snell - President
Analysts: Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Ashar Khan Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Vaccari. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard A. Vaccari: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm Rick Vaccari, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's First Quarter 2012 Financial Results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team, including Debbie Reed, Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bruce Folkmann, Acting Controller. Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we will be discussing forward-looking statements on this call within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company's reports filed with the SEC. I'd also like to note that the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today, May 3, 2012, and the company does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future. With that, I'll turn it over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Rick, and thank all of you for joining us today. Before we get started, I wanted to note that Rick Vaccari is with us today in his new role as Vice President of Investor Relations, which he assumed following our analyst conference. Rick takes over for Steve Davis, who is now Senior Vice President of External Affairs. If you haven't had a chance to meet Rick, I trust you will very soon. I'd also like to thank those of you who joined us here in San Diego for our analyst conference at the end of March, and those of you who participated in the webcast. It was a great opportunity for us to meet many of you and to show you how we plan to produce above average long-term earnings growth and support a competitive and growing dividend going forward. Now, on today's call, I'd like to accomplish 2 things. We'll review our first quarter financial results, and then we'll give you an operational update on our businesses. Let's begin with our financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported first-quarter earnings of $236 million or $0.97 per share, compared with $254 million or $1.05 per share in the same period last year. All of our businesses performed well, and we're on track to meet our earnings guidance for 2012, which is $4 to $4.30 per share. You'll note that this is the first quarter of reporting our financial results under our new operating unit structure. We now have 6 reporting segments, which include our 2 California utilities, SDG&E and SoCalGas. We have 2 reportable segments within Sempra International, the South American Utilities and Mexico segments. And finally, we have Sempra U.S. Gas & Power, which consists of the Renewables and Natural Gas segments. Now, let me hand it over to Joe so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results beginning with Slide 4.
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the first quarter were $105 million, up from $89 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase in earnings was primarily due to higher equity AFUDC earnings compared to the year-ago period, driven by the construction of the Sunrise Powerlink project that is very near completion. Moving on to Southern California Gas, first quarter 2012 earnings were $66 million, compared to $68 million in the first quarter of 2011. I'd like to point out that until we receive final decisions in the SDG&E and SoCalGas general rate cases, we will be recording revenues based upon our 2011 authorized levels with no attrition plus an adjustment for the actual incremental costs of wildfire insurance premiums at SDG&E. Once those general rate cases are resolved, we will expect to -- which we expect to occur in the second half of this year, we'll record the cumulative impact of the decision from January 1 through the quarter in which the final decision is issued. Now let's go to Slide 5. Within the Sempra International operating unit, we have 2 reporting segments, as Debbie just mentioned. At our South American Utilities, which includes the electric distribution utilities in Chile and Peru, earnings were $40 million in the first quarter of 2012, that's up from $22 million last year. The $18 million increase was due to higher earnings as a result of the acquisition of the controlling interest in our 2 South American utilities in April 2011. Our Mexican operations include the Energia Costa Azul LNG terminal, natural gas pipelines, the joint venture we have at Pemex, the Mexicali natural gas fuel generation plant, as well as a small natural gas distribution business. For the first quarter of 2012, the Sempra Mexico segment produced earnings of $37 million compared with $39 million in the same period last year. Now, please turn to Slide 6. In the U.S. Gas & Power business, our 2 reporting segments are Renewables and Natural Gas. The Renewables segment represents our U.S.-based wind and solar business. The Renewables earnings were $10 million in the first quarter this year, that's up from $4 million in the same period of last year on a restated basis to reflect the change in accounting method for projects that we have with investment tax credits. The restatement reduced first quarter 2011 earnings by $4 million, which is $0.02 of earnings per share. As we've previously mentioned, beginning in the first quarter of 2012, we are using the deferral method of accounting for these credits. In the Natural Gas segment, which includes our storage and pipeline assets, the Cameron LNG terminal, the 1,250-megawatt Mesquite natural gas fuel generation plant and the small natural gas distribution business, earnings were $1 million in the first quarter of 2012. The decrease in earnings of $62 million compared to the prior-year period was primarily due to the expiration of the CDWR contract. And with that, I'll hand the call back to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Joe. Now, I'd like to update you on some of the key activities within our businesses. Starting with our California utilities. Last month, we and the other major utilities in California, filed our application in the cost of capital proceedings, seeking approval of a new proposed cost of capital to be effective in 2013. In these proceedings, the CPUC determines the appropriate and reasonable rate of return necessary to attract capital. This compensates the utilities for their business and financial risks and promotes continued safe and reliable operations. Both SDG&E and SoCalGas requested adjustments to their capital structures and the authorized cost of debt, preferred stock and return on equity. SDG&E requested a decrease in the overall rate of return from 8.4% to 8.2%, reflecting a lower cost of funds raised by the company since its previous proceeding in 2007. The proposal included a decrease in return on equity from 11.1% to 11%, and an increase in the common equity component of its capital structure from 49% to 52%. SoCalGas requested a decrease in the overall rate of return from 8.68% to 8.42%, also due to the lower cost of funds raised since its last adjustment in 2003. The proposal included a slight increase in the return on common equity from 10.82% to 10.9%, and an increase in the common equity component of its capital structure from 48% to 52%. Both utilities also proposed to continue mechanisms that automatically adjust the cost of capital until the next proceeding, proposed for 2016. The mechanisms would trigger adjustments in the event of market changes that exceed certain measurement levels. SDG&E currently has the same mechanism as Southern California Edison and Pacific Gas & Electric that propose a safeguard provision to protect against extreme changes in interest rates. SoCalGas currently has a different adjustment mechanism that is based on U.S. Treasury. The other large California utilities used a mechanism based upon utility bonds, and SoCalGas has also requested to use utility bonds. SoCalGas also proposed the safeguard provision against extreme changes in interest rates. We expect the final decision in the cost of capital proceedings by the end of this year, which will be effective in January 2013. I'd also like to remind you that for SDG&E, this cost of capital filing only covers CPUC jurisdictional assets. SDG&E's electric transmission assets are regulated by the FERC, which currently has an authorized return on equity of 11.35% on actual equity. The currently authorized FERC return is effective until September 2013. Please turn to the next Slide. Now, on to some of the other key regulatory proceedings. In San Diego Gas & Electric's and Southern California Gas Company's general rate case proceedings, opening briefs were filed last month and reply briefs are due in May. We expect the decision in the second half of this year, which will be retroactive to January 1 of this year. Turning to our Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan. Last month, the commission approved memo account to track the project costs at SoCalGas and SDG&E, and also transferred the proceeding into the Triennial Cost Allocation Proceeding, or TCAP, which is a natural gas transmission and storage rate design proceeding. And finally, at San Diego Gas & Electric, construction of Sunrise Powerlink is now nearly 90% complete, and we expect that it will go into operation this summer. When completed, Sunrise will add about $1.2 billion to SDG&E's FERC rate base, which includes the impact of bonus depreciation. None of the project costs are currently in rate base, but once the line is operational, we'll transfer the projects of work in progress to rate base. Now I'd like you to go to Slide 9 for an update on our Cameron LNG export project. We've made excellent progress in moving our Cameron liquefaction project forward. Last month, we announced commercial development agreements with Mitsubishi and Mitsui. These agreements commit the parties to fund the engineering and permitting of the liquefaction project. In addition, the commercial development agreements are the precursor to the tolling agreements and equity agreements. The project we are developing is a 3-train, 12-million-tonne per annum liquefaction facility. We have already agreed upon the key commercial terms of tolling agreements with Mitsubishi and Mitsui for a total of 8 million tonnes per annum from 2 liquefaction trains. This morning, we also announced that we have reached an agreement with GDF SUEZ for the remaining 4 million tonnes per annum of capacity. On the permitting and approval front, we initiated the FERC pre-filing process earlier this week, and we expect that the FERC approval process will be complete in the second half of next year. And our application with the Department of Energy to export to non-free trade countries is pending. We previously received approval from the DOE to export to free-trade countries. I'm very pleased with the early progress that we've seen with the Cameron export project, and I look forward to updating you in the future as we take steps towards making this project a reality. Before we move on to the summary, I also wanted to mention that the CPUC approved SDG&E's power purchase agreement with 156-megawatt Energía Sierra Juárez Wind project that we are developing within our Sempra Mexico business. We expect to develop this as a joint venture and to start construction this year following the receipt of the remaining authorization, including those from FERC and DOE. Now let's go to the final slide. I'm very pleased with the results of all of our businesses for the quarter. We continued to execute on our strategy throughout the quarter and made significant progress on our key initiatives. We are on track to meet our guidance of $4 to $4.30 per share for 2012, and believe that we have a clear path to achieving 6% to 8% earnings growth over the long term. Now with that, I'll stop and open up the call to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to talk about the Southwest merchant gas-fired assets. Given the SONGS outage and just with low natural gas, do you have any just updates or implications for the performance of those assets or just general interest in those assets?
Debra L. Reed: Well, I would say that there has been a lot more interest generally in generation in the Southwest. There are a number of RFPs that are out right now or coming out in the very near future, so we'll get long-term contracts for generation. Some of that is associated with the ones with cooling issues, some of that is associated with looking at possible coal retirement. And I'll ask Mark to add a little bit of color on what's happening in the current marketplace.
Mark A. Snell: Well, clearly with the outage at SONGS and some of the other maintenance issues with some of the other plants in the region, we've had a tighter market than we expect in the -- for this time of year, and as we roll into summer, it looks like we're going to have, I would say, as we look at it today, it looks like we could have a slightly tighter market than what we've experienced in the past couple of summers. So that should have some upward pressure on pricing, but we're not -- we really haven't made any change in our outlook for what we think that business will do for the year. We could be pleasantly surprised, but I think at the end of the day we're kind of sticking to the numbers that we gave you at the analyst conference.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great, That's helpful. And then just on the LNG export, actually this is on Costa Azul. I'm just curious, are you having any discussions on possibly turning that into export or is that not really a focus area right now?
Mark A. Snell: We certainly are taking a look at that. It's an interesting opportunity for us. It has some advantages, as being closer to Asia and not having to go through the Canal and all that. So we are definitely taking a look at it. It isn't -- we don't have as much land there as we do in Cameron, but it is something -- we could handle maybe 1, maybe 2 trains at the most there, but -- it is something that we're exploring, but our top priority is to get Cameron online and to move that forward. And obviously, we took a big step on that today and we're really excited about it, and we think that, that will add tremendous value.
Debra L. Reed: Let me just add that, unlike Cameron, the facility in Baja is fully contracted for 20-plus years. And so, it's not -- for us, the priority is definitely on getting Cameron, which is not fully contracted, fully utilized and producing earnings.
Operator: And we'll go next to Kit Konolige with Konolige Research.
Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC: Couple of questions, kind of following on this. On Cameron, can you give us some perspective on, I think Shaner is -- I think, got their equity infusion and is kind of ready to roll. Can you update us on where they are, and what, if any, implications that has for you guys on a competitive basis?
Debra L. Reed: Well [Technical Difficulty]
Mark A. Snell: The GDF announcement that we have today, kind of, completes the circle for us. So we have all 3 trains now that we have customers for, and we're just going to work forward on moving that. And I think one of the things that where we are, what we feel very comfortable with, is our partners in this project and our major customers are all experienced LNG players that have long customer relationships with Korea, with Japan, with Chile, with places that are some of the biggest users of LNG in the world. And so we feel like we're in a very good position to move our project forward.
Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC: And if I can just follow up on that a little bit, can you then point out to us what you see as -- I think I know generally, but what you see as kind of the next critical steps that we need to keep an eye on? Obviously, ultimately, we need federal government approval to go ahead, and financing, but if there are specific benchmarks?
Mark A. Snell: Yes. Look, I think the things that are -- the big milestones to come forward is, first, let me just remind everybody, that we do have export capability to all the free-trade countries, and that includes Korea, which is a very big user of LNG. The next step is to get the non-free-trade export permit. And we expect to get that, as we've said, sort of later in the year, could be at the early part of next year. But that's something that we've got to get done. We also would need a FERC permit to construct, and we are working on that right now. We would expect to get that sometime later in the year. We are working on the final design and engineering, those kinds of things need to be done to get the FERC permit. So we've got a ways to go, we're just off to a very good start.
Operator: And we'll go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm sorry if I missed this. You were talking about the MICAM filing that you guys are -- that you asked for a waiver on, I think, and what's the procedural schedule for that? When do you think the CPUC will act on that, or whoever it is who acts on that to give you the waiver on it?
Debra L. Reed: Well, we would anticipate that since we've made our filings for the cost of capital that, that would really take precedent. And that we have had -- we have made a prior filing a couple of years ago at SoCalGas because of the impact of some of the government policy issues on using [ph] in U.S. Treasury, and that was never envisioned when that mechanism was put in place. And so when we made those filings, we had some discussions with the CPUC at the time about us filing for the cost of capital. So they were expecting us to be making this filing. So I think that we will be on the same schedule as all of the utilities, and that would have us having a decision by the end of this year with new cost of capital mechanisms and cost of capital structures going into place on January 1, 2013.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: But is there any idea when they'll actually formally sort of like say that you don't have to file this MICAM letter?
Debra L. Reed: No, I don't know.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, that's fine. And then the wildfire litigation liability seemed to go down, I was wondering what led to that, and what the -- if there was an EPS impact, I noticed on the balance sheet, just what the -- what was going on there?
Debra L. Reed: I'm going to have Joe go through the numbers on the wildfire reserves and litigation.
Joseph A. Householder: Paul, it was mostly payments that were made. We're resolving many, many. -- we're mediating many of these cases, like 60 a month. And so mostly it was about $130 million of payments during the quarter. So it wasn't an adjustment to the reserves so much as it was payments down. There was no impact on the P&L as a result of that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And then on the liquefaction, just on the DOE, the issue of potential export restrictions, with non-free-trade agreement of company -- of countries, excuse me. Some companies have in their negotiations with shippers, put that risk on the shipper, if you follow me. In other words, it's not one that the actual terminal owner will have. At least that's my understanding. And I'm just wondering how you guys have approached that with your contracts with the shippers and stuff, if you can tell?
Debra L. Reed: I'll have Mark go into a little bit of color on that.
Mark A. Snell: It's a great question. In the commercial development agreements that we have signed with our 3 customers and partners, they have agreed to a long-term tolling arrangement, which does not include an out or losing that license. So if we were to get the license and lose it or not get it, the long-term tolling arrangement doesn't have an out for that. But the long-term tolling arrangements haven't been signed yet, so there is some -- if we never got it between now and the time that we would sign those long-term tolling arrangements, it may change things. And I think the way we stand now, given the partners that we have, it probably has more to do with the sizing of the facility than whether it actually moves forward or not. I mean, we feel like there's enough of a market currently that there would be a market for the facility even if we didn't get it. But at the end of the day, we expect to get it. It makes the most sense. And frankly, the -- but the long-term implications of that would rest with the shipper. Now that's one of the reasons, too, though that we want them to be partners in the facility because if there was any kind of disruption like that, it's nice to do this as everybody has an equity interest in the facility, and we would work together to make -- to have the right outcomes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, that's excellent. I think that's great. and then, just finally, any sense as to how much liquefaction does the North American continent can actually handle? I mean, as you know, you're not the only ones who are announcing this stuff. Just sort of any sense we should think about like the natural sort of, just economic constraints there are of just the amount of stuff we're hearing being announced.
Mark A. Snell: Let me take that first, and I think Debbie has a comment on it, too. But I'd -- look, it's a great question, because I think there is an awful lot of concern in the country about exporting a tremendous amount of gas. And I think one thing we all have to remind ourselves is that the LNG market, while it is big, it is a fixed amount, and we have lots of competition around the world to sell that gas to those countries that need it. And so right now, we think that there's a potential kind of excess capacity in the near term -- or excess demand in the near-term, primarily driven by Japan's desire to -- as they've shut down their nuclear fleet and their desire to wean themselves off nuclear and move to gas, and then as the economies pick up, it's probably something like 20 million tonnes a year. And I think what we're talking about is a facility that could be as much as 4 -- and then when we look at some of the other facilities, there's plenty -- there's enough to absorb what could come out of the U.S., but you're not going to be in a situation where we're going to have 20, 30 Bcf a day being exported. It's probably not that big of a market right now.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I just want to clarify something Mark said, I think he was talking about in CFD versus metric tonnes. Because when you look at the potential for export, it's higher than the 20 number...
Mark A. Snell: Yes. I confused the numbers. Yes. But it is -- the potential is, just Japan alone is probably an excess of 10 million cubic feet a day, 10 billion cubic feet a day, or something like that. So there is some potential for export but it isn't an unlimited market. So I don't think the U.S. has to worry that we're going to have a large share of our gas supply go offshore, that's probably not the case.
Debra L. Reed: And what I was going to say is, yesterday, I'm sure many of you saw that the Brookings Institution published a study, and they looked at an export level of 9 Bcf a day out of that study, and showing very, very minimal impact on gas prices coming from that. And at least their approach was that, it should be open to all parties who can participate in the market. And I mean, I think that's the position we would really like to see adopted, is that this becomes market-based, we think of this as market-based, we have a very competitive facility. And that we will be with our counter-parties that we've signed these CDA agreements, and we will be moving forward with construction and export, if we can have a market-based type of approach like Brookings suggested.
Operator: And we'll go next to Greg Gordon with ISI.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I have a question on LNG. Can we talk a little bit about the cost of capital filing? Specifically, we know that you've asked for ROE at the level that you put in your presentation. But I think, when we look at the trends for authorized ROEs nationally, an ROE of 10.9% or 11% is a bit above the national average, but more importantly there are some cases pending in California, namely, a water case or 2, where it looks like the ROEs could come in demonstrably lower than that. What gives you comfort that in your dialogue with the regulators you are going to be able to articulate the facts that's supportive of ROEs closer to what you filed for?
Debra L. Reed: First of all, let's take a water case as a good benchmark example. If you look at, historically, the differential between energy companies and water companies and ROEs authorized, it is about 100 basis points. So an authorized ROE of water companies in the 10-range would definitely be equivalent to, for energy companies, in the 11-range based upon historical precedent. The risks seen in those businesses are quite different, and so there's always been a much higher ROE granted to the energy companies. I would also say that California have seen the need to have ROE's that will allow us to attract the capital necessary to make the kinds of investments that the State is expecting, in terms of clean energy, renewables, having the 33% renewables contracted, having the balance sheets to support that, all of the infrastructure, the pipeline safety investments that we will be making. And so, I think that, if you kind of look at those facts, I think they do support an ROE that's in the 11-range.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: My question has been answered.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mark Barnett with Morningstar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: A quick question on the GDF SUEZ agreement, too many earnings calls to see it, the announcement, yet, but is that also going to include a future equity investment from GDF?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. The way that all the parties that we worked with and signed agreements are, we're looking at making this a joint venture, where we would have most likely 50% ownership, and they would, the 3 parties, have a sharing of 50% ownership. And all of those parties have expressed an interest in taking equity. We haven't negotiated the final terms of that, but that is what's envisioned.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And then, I guess, given the approval last month of the memo account, is any of your pipeline CapEx, has any of that timing shifted a little bit closer into 2012 or are you still kind of comfortable with where you presented at the analyst day?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We're still looking at 2012 being largely about doing the engineering studies and the planning for the construction, and expecting that the expenditures would be somewhere in the $100 million range for 2012.
Operator: And we'll go next to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Two questions, one related to the utilities. Utilities posted great quarters, especially SDG&E, and especially given the challenge of not having a rate order in hand. If we go back and look at PG&E's first quarter from last year or Southern Cal Edison from first quarter this year, both had pretty significant challenges in terms of year-over-year earnings at the utility. Can you talk a little bit about what the drivers were at SDG&E, was it all just AFUDC, was there a significant change in the O&M level, and significant change in the cost structure, et cetera?
Debra L. Reed: The main driver at SDG&E, Michael, is definitely the AFUDC from Sunrise. That is a significant issue. What I would say though is that both utilities were trying to operate at the revenue requirement that we had last year, because, until you get a decision, that's the prudent thing to do. And so we've had a history of trying to operate our businesses until we get the CPUC decision at the level that has been previously authorized and raised.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The other thing on the Renewables side here in the U.S. Can you talk about where you see -- what RFPs are kind of out in the market and therefore publicly known for either solar or wind in the desert Southwest, I'm thinking some of the bigger ones.
Debra L. Reed: Mark, do you want to -- the renewable RFPs in the desert Southwest, and what are some of the bigger ones that are out right now?
Mark A. Snell: Well, I guess we wouldn't really talk about the ones that we're currently bidding on. But there are still some several fairly large ones that are out there, and there are some that have been in process for a while that people have had trouble now meeting some of the requirements, and they're coming out for additional opportunities. But we don't, probably, the numbers that we presented at the analysts conference for our fleet are likely to be what we've have been for the rest of the year. We haven't seen -- I don't think anything that would come up now would have happen at least until the following year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And there are no further questions in queue. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Debbie Reed for any additional or closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thank you, all, for joining us this morning for our first quarter call. If there's any follow-up questions you have, please contact Rick or Scott or Victor, and have a really nice day.
Operator: That does conclude our conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-28 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Steven D. Davis - Vice President of Investor Relations Debra L. Reed - Chief Executive Officer and Director Joseph A. Householder - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark A. Snell - President
Analysts: Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc. Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Ashar Khan Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Vedula Murti Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Stephen Huang Michael S. Worms - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Neil Stein Unknown Analyst Chris Shelton
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Davis. Please go ahead.
Steven D. Davis: Thank you, and good morning. I’m Steve Davis, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. This morning, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's fourth quarter and full year 2011 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team, including Debbie Reed, Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bruce Folkmann, Acting Controller. You'll note that Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Please remember that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know, they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, so future results may differ materially from those expressed on our call. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are described at the bottom of today’s press release and are further discussed in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It's important to note that all the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and that we'll also be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany this call and the Table A of the financial tables in our fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings release for reconciliation to GAAP measures.  With that, I'll turn it over to Debbie, who will begin with Slide 3.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. On today's call, I'd like to accomplish several things. First, we'll review our fourth quarter and year-end financial results. We'll then talk about our dividend increase and I'll give you an operational update on our businesses.  Now to the financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $292 million or $1.21 per share compared with $280 million or $1.15 in the same period last year. For the full year 2011, we recorded earnings of approximately $1.4 billion or $5.62 per share compared with 2010 earnings of $739 million or $2.98 per share. On an adjusted basis, earnings for the full year 2011 were $1.1 billion, which excludes a gain of $277 million that we reported in the second quarter to reflect the write up in value of our investments in Chile and Peru. Adjusted earnings per share for the full year 2011 was $4.47 compared to $3.93 per share of adjusted earnings in 2010, which is an increase of 14%. I'm very pleased with our strong results in both the fourth quarter and for the year. Each of our businesses performed extremely well, enabling us to beat the upper end of our adjusted earnings per share guidance for 2011 which was $4.30.  Now regarding the dividend. I'd like to mention that earlier this morning, we announced that our Board of Directors have authorized a 25% increase in our quarterly dividend, which brings the annualized dividend to $2.40 per share. You may recall that last February, we also increased the dividend by more than 20%. The strong and growing operating cash flows from our utility and contracted infrastructure businesses, we expect to continue to grow the dividend while reinvesting capital to achieve above average long-term earnings growth.  Now let me hand it over to Joe so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results, beginning with Slide 4.
Joseph A. Householder: Thank you, Debbie. San Diego Gas & Electric earnings for the fourth quarter were $158 million, up from $105 million in the year-ago quarter. The fourth quarter of 2011 included $50 million of earnings related to increased wildfire insurance premium recovery for an 18-month period and $13 million of higher equity AFUDC earnings compared to the year-ago period. I'd like to point out that in December of both 2010 and 2011, CPUC approved SDG&E's request to recover the increased cost of wildfire insurance premiums. SDG&E has one additional request pending to recover increased wildfire insurance premiums, which we expect the commission to approve in the second quarter. $15 million of the benefit we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2011 reflects this anticipated cost recovery. Going forward, the anticipated recovery of wildfire insurance is contained in SDG&E's 2012 general rate case. SDG&E also expects to recover any costs incurred that are associated with the 2007 wildfires in excess of amounts recovered from its insurance coverage and other responsible third parties, as we've disclosed in our 10-Ks and 10-Qs. As of the end of 2011, SDG&E has booked a regulatory assets of $594 million associated with its anticipated recovery. Full-year 2011 earnings increased to $431 million from $369 million last year. The increase of $62 million was due primarily to $31 million of higher equity AFUDC earnings, net of higher interest expense and $28 million for higher revenues related to wildfire insurance premiums, net of the higher insurance expense. Moving to Southern California Gas. Fourth quarter 2011 earnings were $79 million compared to $74 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. For the full year 2011, earnings for SoCal were $287 million compared to earnings of $286 million in 2010.  Now let's go to Slide 5. Sempra Pipelines & Storage recorded earnings of $70 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $39 million in the same quarter of 2010. The increase was due largely to $24 million of higher earnings from our operations in South America through the accretive acquisition we closed in April of last year. For the full year 2011, Sempra Pipelines & Storage recorded earnings of $527 million compared with earnings of $159 million in 2010. Excluding the $277 million gain that was recorded in the second quarter of 2011, related to the acquisition of controlling interest in the operations in Chile and Peru, earnings were $250 million in 2011. The increase from the prior year was primarily due to $55 million from the increased ownership interest in South America, $13 million of higher earnings from the Mexican pipeline assets that we acquired in April 2010 and $10 million from nonoperating foreign exchange effects related mainly to a U.S. dollar-denominated cash balance, previously held in Chile.  Now, please turn to Slide 6. Sempra LNG had earnings of $24 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $18 million in the prior year's period. For the full year of 2011, Sempra LNG had earnings of $99 million, up from earnings of $68 million in 2010. The increase for the full year was due primarily to higher earnings from contracted cargoes that were not delivered. Earnings in 2011 also included $18 million in marketing activities that we currently do not expect to recur in 2012.  I'd also like to take a moment here to discuss our contract with the Tangguh partners to supply LNG to our Energía Costa Azul terminal. We entered into this contract in 2004 and the 20-year contract became effective in the second half of 2009. You may recall that the contract permits our counter-party to divert cargoes to other markets in exchange for a fee. Given the wide disparity between the price of natural gas in Asia and the U.S., we have seen a significant increase in the amount of diverted cargoes and a resulting in increasing our earnings. In light of these market conditions, we have amended this contract to provide enhanced value to both parties, including certainty of cargoes for Sempra and additional flexibility for the Tangguh partners. For Sempra, this will result in more consistent earnings from that contract going forward. With that said, we currently expect 2012 earnings from LNG to be more in line with our prior guidance of $50 million to $70 million, as the benefit of the contract amendment will be offset by lower natural gas prices. Over the longer term, however, we expect earnings from our existing LNG operations to be roughly $65 million to $85 million per year. As you may recall, Sempra LNG will no longer be a reporting segment starting with the results in the first quarter of 2012, and we do not expect to regularly provide earnings guidance for this business going forward.  Now, please move to the next slide. Our generation business recorded a loss of $6 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $43 million in the same quarter of 2010. The loss in the fourth quarter of 2011 was due to the exploration of the 10-year contract with the California Department of Water Resources, which expired on September 30, 2011, and also to a mark-to-market loss of $9 million.  For the full year 2011, Sempra Generation recorded earnings of $137 million compared with earnings of $103 million in 2010. The increase in earnings for 2011 was due primarily to an $87 million litigation settlement that negatively impacted 2010 results, and due to the lower earnings from our natural gas plants due primarily to the expiration of the CDWR contract.  Now, please to move Slide 8. Through the end of 2011, we recognized the investment tax credits from our solar business as a tax benefit in the year that the new capacity was placed in service. This method, called the flow-through method, created an even earnings profile for our solar business. Beginning in the first quarter of 2011, we will begin using the deferral method of accounting for these projects. Under this method, the book basis of the asset will be reduced by the amount of the investment tax credit, resulting in lower depreciation and more even ongoing earnings as compared with the flow-through method. I want to stress that this change in accounting method has no impact on the economics of our solar projects. These projects are contracted for 20-plus years with utility counter-parties. The switch to deferral accounting does, however, result in a decrease of approximately $0.40 per share in 2012 compared with the earnings under the old method. The offset to the lower initial earnings will be lower depreciation and higher earnings in future years under the new method. Taking into account the use of deferral accounting and considering other changes across our business, we are now expecting our earnings per share to be within the range of $4 to $4.30 per share in 2012. And due to strong business unit growth and performance, we continue to expect Sempra's long-term EPS growth rate to be in the 6% to 8% range.  Now, please go to the next slide. As Debbie mentioned earlier, our Board authorized a 25% increase in our common stock dividend. This takes the dividend to $2.40 per share on an annualized basis, up from the current annualized dividend of $1.92 per share. You may recall that our Board established a target dividend payout ratio of 45% to 50% last year. While we are not changing our long-term target payout ratio, we expect to exceed that level for the next several years, and we do expect to increase the dividend as our earnings grow. One of the considerations behind the dividend increase relates to the significant amount of earnings from our South American utilities and Mexican businesses, coupled with certain tax position. Historically, we have reinvested those earnings into our international businesses.  Beginning in 2013, we intend to distribute current earnings of about $300 million to the United States from certain of our international subsidiaries. The additional amount of cash tax that we will pay is expected to be very minimal in the near-term but the tax will largely be offset by net operating losses from bonus depreciation and renewable energy tax credits. While the use of these tax assets is a good economic decision, it will reduce earnings by approximately $0.30 per share beginning in 2013 due to additional booked tax expense. We expect to use of most of the repatriated earnings to repay debt and, to a lesser extent, to support the higher dividend we announced today.  The point that I'd like to leave you with is that we have stable and growing businesses, both in the United States and internationally that produce strong cash flows that can support a higher dividend going forward.  And with that, I'll hand the call back to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Joe. Now let me update you on some of the key activities within our businesses, starting with our California utility. Last month, hearings concluded in San Diego Gas & Electric's and Southern California Gas Company's general rate case proceedings. The schedule for the rate case, which was issued by the commission late last year, calls for a rate case decisions around March of this year. But now we expect the case to be resolved later than what had been set forth in the original schedule. The commission has yet to issue a revised proceeding scheduled, but opening brief have been schedule for April while reply briefs are due in May. It is important to mention that the revenue requirement established in the rate cases will be retroactive to January 1, 2012. And I'd also note that until a final decision is reached, we'll be recording revenues based on currently authorized levels. In the quarter, in which a final decision is reached, we'll record the retroactive increase in earnings since the beginning of the year. Moving to some of the major capital projects. At San Diego Gas & Electric, construction of Sunrise Powerlink is now more than 75% complete and we continue to expect that it will be going into service in the second half of this year.  Turning to our Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan. Last week, Commissioner Florio released a proposed schedule, which calls for hearings during the summer and briefs due in October of this year. We're also waiting for the commission to authorize a memorandum account to track the project cost. Now, I'd like to take you to Slide 11. On renewables business, construction has begun on the 150-megawatt expansion of the Copper Mountain Solar project in Nevada. In December, the CPUC approved our 25-year contract to sell the power generated by the plant to PG&E. We expect to complete 92 megawatts by the end of January 2013, and we'll bring the remaining 58 megawatts into service by 2015.  Also in December, we agreed to partner with BP Wind to jointly develop 2 projects that will have a combined capacity of 560 megawatts at a total cost of $1 billion. These projects include the 419-megawatt Flat Ridge 2 project in Kansas and the 141-megawatt Mehoopany project in Pennsylvania. Both projects are expected to be completed by the end of this year. These 2 projects will more than double the amount of operating net wind capacity at our U.S. Gas & Power business, all of which is in partnership with BP Wind.  We now have nearly 1,000 megawatts of renewables project either in operation, under construction or contracted. We've made tremendous strides in the development of our renewables business and is a great example of how we've been able to leverage an existing asset decision to drive future growth.  Now let's go on to the final slide. I am very pleased to the results of all of our businesses for both the quarter and the year. Adjusted earnings per share grew by 14% in 2011, and we exceeded our financial outlook for the year. While our new 2012 earnings per share guidance of $4 to $4.30 was negatively impacted by $0.40 due to the move to new solar accounting method, the change provides more consistent and growing earnings going forward as we develop our solar portfolio. And with strong business unit growth and performance, we expect to grow our earnings per share at a compound annual growth rate of 6% to 8% over the longer term.  Finally, I'd like to remind you that we'll be holding our Annual Analyst Conference here at San Diego on March 29. At the conference, we'll provide an update on the strategic direction of the company, and we'll provide an overview of our earnings outlook and capital program at that time.  I'll leave the details for March, but we expect to show you a plan that generates above average earnings growth, which when combined with our competitive dividend, provides a compelling investment opportunity. With that, I'll stop and open up the call to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to talk about the dividend and growth here. So then, the new dividend certainly is above the overall payout ratio target, and I think I follow what you're indicating in terms of ability to grow into that and continue to grow the dividend. As we think about dividend growth given that, right now, the dividend is essentially sort of above that long-term payout ratio level, should we be thinking about growth in line with further earnings growth or how should we think about just how that dividend may grow over time?
Debra L. Reed: Well, Stephen, when we set the dividend level -- the Board, obviously, sets the dividend level. But one of the things we looked at is the long-term earnings growth that we have in our 5-year plan that we'll be showing you at the analyst conference. And as we mentioned, we see 6% to 8% growth in that plan. So we believe that there's still upward potential for that dividend. It may be slightly less than the earnings growth that we have in that plan, but we could still have that 50% payout ratio, 45% to 50%, on a long-term basis and continue to have some growth in the dividend.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just as a follow-up, as we think about earnings growth over time, you've laid out the target growth level, it sounds like over time, you'll be able to repatriate some capital from Latin America, which sounds great. Sounds like there would be an earnings impact. Does this earnings growth profile reflect in the EPS impacts of that cash repatriation?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, and you will see this, and we're not going to go through the details of the 5-year plan here on this call, but the 6% to 8% that we've quoted reflects in the -- bottoms up strategic review of our businesses, the repatriation scenario and all the things that we're reflecting in our business plans going forward, which we'll share with you in detail in March.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Leslie Rich from JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: Just to clarify, so the impact of adjusting the accounting methodology for the solar impacts earnings $0.40 a share in 2012. And then what would -- how should we think about that on an ongoing basis for 2013 and beyond? And I understand you don't want to give specific guidance, but then that separate and apart, I think, from the $0.30 per share negative impact from the higher taxes associated with repatriating the money from Latin America. I'm just not sure to what extent those 2 items are related, if at all?
Debra L. Reed: Well, Leslie, there's actually 2 different things going on, and you correctly indicated that they are separate items. The item where we changed the accounting method for 2012, that's about $0.40 a share. We'll go through the details with you in the analyst presentation because we really have to build up on what solar projects we were planning in each of the years. And so there's some variability in that from year-to-year, but $0.40 is a pretty reasonable number to use for that. And in separate and apart from that is the decision to repatriate, which we would begin in 2013. And we would then be able to see what happens with all the tax law changes potentially and all, but begin the repatriation there and would take a reduction in our earnings outlook for 2013 of about $0.30 related to that. Joe, did you want to add anything...
Joseph A. Householder: No, think that's right. I think over to 5 years, it's a $0.25 to $0.35 for the repatriation cash. It's not cash tax, it's book tax. We'll have a very small cash tax on that. But we'll have book earnings impact of $0.25 to $0.35 over that 5-year period.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just to clarify, on the deferral treatment method for the solar tax treatment, that's just on new projects going forward, there is no impact to the previous projects you brought online, is that right?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I'm going to have Joe describe exactly how that works. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder: When we get to the first quarter, now that we're on the new method in Q1, when we report our results for the 10-Q, we will have to go back and recast the prior year's but it's fairly small. But what you saw in 2011 is under the old method, under the flow-through method, but all of 2010 and 2011 will be recast under this method.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And is that the life of the facility, so is it like 20 years of kind of deferrals is how that works?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, it's over the depreciated life.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And just so I'm clear on the foreign tax issue for 2013, because you pay lower taxes in other countries and in South America, the difference basically is the tax that you pay there versus the tax you pay here and that's the $0.25 to $0.35 you're going to end up having to occur next year, is that right?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. Faisal, this is Joe. That's correct. We have an average tax rate on all of our foreign income that's accumulated throughout all the periods of around 20%. So to bring it back and pay Federal and California taxes is about another 20%, let's say.
Debra L. Reed: One thing I do want to stress that Joe mentioned is that, that there's very little cash tax. It's deferred tax, and so the earnings that we talked about with the $0.30 starting in 2013 is not a cash tax amount. It's a deferred tax amount.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, got you. Fair enough. And then just on the generation business, if I exclude the mark-to-market loss in the quarter, is there any way for your guys to give us kind of an idea of how much of a drag the gas-fired generation fleet was on that business? Because as I suspect that your -- on a pretax basis, your renewable portfolio was profitable, but at the fossil fuel fleet, that was probably a drag on earnings, but I have no way of kind of figuring that out?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I'll ask Mark to go through a little bit of high level on that.
Mark A. Snell: Right. Faisal, it's Mark. Your intuition is correct. I mean, we did have a small loss on the fossil fuel fleet. Although in our plans going forward, we expect to operate that fleet profitably even on a GAAP basis, kind of a break even to slightly positive, and certainly very positive on a cash flow basis. And then we also have the earnings from the fossil fuel -- from the renewable fleet in addition to that. But we'll get into the details of that at the Analyst Conference and we'll show you those numbers.
Operator: And we'll go next to Michael Goldenberg from Luminus Management.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: I'm sorry if I'm going back to the same questions on accounting, but I just want to be crystal clear on the 2 items that you've identified. On the repatriation of international earnings, the $0.30, the higher tax rate that you'll be paying when you repatriate, is that going to be backed out as a onetime item or basically every year, when you bring it back in, it will just grow at the state of income tax expense that we will see on the income statement?
Debra L. Reed: As we record that, it'll be shown every year. It'll be recurring as a deferred tax item that we'll be recording. As I mentioned, we won't be paying the cash taxes because we'll have a net operating loss, and so those cash taxes for the most part are deferred for 5-plus years. Joe, I don't know if you want to add anymore to that...
Joseph A. Householder: I think that's right. Michael, I'll just add this. I mentioned that we intend, in 2013, to start bringing back current earnings from some of the subsidiaries and our expectation is about $300 million for several years in a row, at least. And so if you think about the book tax effect of that might be about 20% of $300 million for several years in a row.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: Got it. And then the other question is on the solar tax credits that changed from onetime to deferral method. So I understand that will significantly smooth out the earnings profile. But based on my understanding, the way other companies do it, there's still a higher tax benefit in year 1 versus year 2 through the end of the life. Can you give us a sense of relative tax benefit for year 1 versus years 2, 3 that will now be for a new solar project?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, Michael, this is Joe. I'll just try to do it with a rough example. If you spend $100 million under the investment credit method, you would reduce your tax basis by 1/2 of that investment credit of 30. So then you have to book a deferred tax liability, we'll call it 35% of that difference, about $5 million, and then you have $30 million of ITC. So you book the $25 million benefit on the $100 million that you spent. Under the new method, the book basis goes down by the whole ITC, so it goes down by 30. That tax still goes down by 15 and you actually a book a deferred tax benefit of 5. So you're booking 5 instead of 25 in that first year. That's just the one-time sort of 5% of the cost, you're booking it right then.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: And what will be the tax benefit now in years 2 through 5, 6 our life of the project?
Joseph A. Householder: Your $30 million will reduce depreciation. It's not going through the income line. It's going to reduce depreciation over the 25 or so years, 25-year life of the project.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I would say, we will go through this in detail at the analyst conference and go through some examples and also that you'll be able to see the effect of this.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Moving on, we'll hear from Greg Gordon from ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I'm sure you realized you were opening up Pandora's Box when you gave us some, but not all, of the goodies from the Analyst Day. But I just wanted to ask, just structurally speaking, clearly, the earnings -- you re-based the earnings here in 2012 by making the accounting change on the solar, which I think most of your investors and analysts would say was the right way to go. But I guess when I think about '13, '14, '15, it's clear how you're generating the incremental cash flow to fund the dividend payment. Thank you for articulating that. You're going to show us at the Analyst Day what the offsetting factors that sort of fill in that $0.30 incremental, sort of headwind, associated with the noncash tax impact. Because in order for you to sort of -- if we think about a straight-line 5% to 6% earnings growth rate, you'd have to have a fairly significant offsetting earnings growth driver in that year to not have sort a growth rate at least in '13 that looked like your longer term aspiration. So are you going to be able to show us what the sort of the puts are that offset that sort of incremental headwind in '13 when we see you in March?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, we will show you, when we see you in March and what we've shown you before, which is the 5-year growth rate. And the growth rate is not going to be necessarily even in each of these years. It's not necessarily a linear function. And I so I don't want to leave you with that impression. But over the 5-year period, we're looking at 6% to 8% growth in our plan over the 5-year period of time, and we'll be able to show you how that occurs. And what fills in that growth, and a lot of it, if you look at our 2 utilities as an example, over the 5 years, SoCalGas is going to grow at about 7.5%. And SDG&E over 5%. So you have a lot of it embedded in projects that have already been approved at our utilities or are in the regulatory process of our utilities, then we'll go through all of that at the analyst conference.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So we shouldn't assume a linear progression but over the sort of normal 5-year forecast horizon that you usually roll forward, you'll be able to sort of validate how you get to [ph] that aspiration?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. That's how you should look at it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I wanted to ask you just, I mean, I guess I don't want to belabor this and it sounds like a lot it is going to be other analyst meeting. But just to clarify, the $0.30 of impact in future years associated with the repatriation, you guys are still expecting to grow 6% to 8% growth in spite of that, correct?
Debra L. Reed: That's correct. The 6% to 8% growth over the 5-year plan period includes the impact of everything we've talked about today. And it also includes the bottom-up review of all of our businesses. And as an example, if you look at what we talked about with the forecast for 2012 in our guidance, we would have been at $4.40 to $4.70. It was $0.10 higher than where we were last year based upon the performance of our businesses but then that's reduced by the $0.40 from the change of accounting method which, again, has no economic effect on the business. But we've heard from a lot of you that you would like to have a better sense, not to have to time when these projects go into service precisely. And so this allows for that type of greater predictability. All of that's incorporated, the repatriation is incorporated. And with all of that, we're looking at 6% to 8% growth over the 5-year time frame.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then the $0.40, and I know you went through these, the calculation on the book deferral and what have you, just, what is the impact of the $0.40 in 2013, if we could just get a little bit of flavor for that, in other words, by taking a hit in 2012, there will be a benefit in 2013. Do you guys have a rough approximation as to what that would be?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, we're going to hold off to go through the 2013 numbers at the Analyst Meeting. The only thing that we wanted to do was to let you all know that we were making this change, so we didn't surprise you with that at the Analyst Meeting. So we wanted you to know we're changing in terms of repatriation and the rationale behind that. Again it's a good economic decision for us because we have this net operating losses that we can use now by doing this, and we just wanted to give you awareness of that. We will go through all the details at the Analyst Meeting.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just on the decision to do the repatriation from the international business, could you just like give us a little more flavor as to sort of what's kind of caused this? I mean, is it simply because of the international outlook versus tax issues? And just in general, is there any issue with respect to potential changes because we keep on hearing about tax reform in various things showing up regarding taxing of foreign entities, and taxing of just, in general, I mean, vast changes perhaps in the tax code. I mean just in terms of your flexibility with respect to this issue and what have you?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, that's an excellent question. And we spend a lot of time on this. I'll give you a very high level on it then I'm going to have Joe go through the details on the flexibility. But from a strategic standpoint, these businesses are doing really well, and they are generating a great deal of cash, and if we did not repatriate cash, we would build up excess cash in excess of what we need to grow those businesses by 6% to 8% per year, of something over, around $1.5 billion. And that it didn't seem appropriate to us to keep that cash offshore, and be able to fund all of our growth and not look at some changes to the capital structure of those businesses because we have the ability to put leverage on those businesses locally. We feel that is a better long-term capital structure for those businesses. And with this net operating loss that we have, because of the bonus depreciation and because of the solar tax credit, if we were going to repatriate funds, then this would be the best time to do that, but for any type of tax holiday and all. And I'm going to have Joe talk to you about our assessment of that and what flexibility we have, because we do have a great deal of flexibility relative to changing our timing of repatriation based upon what might happen within a national tax policy. Joe?
Joseph A. Householder: Okay. Thanks, Debbie. Yes, Paul, exactly what Debbie was saying, this started out in our strategic review and our capital allocation process and looking at the international operations, what their requirements were, the very low debt-to-cap ratios we have in those countries and then the overall tax position as Debbie articulated. And we took all that into the account. Then we thought about, well, what would be the effect if there were a change in tax policy. So what we've decided to do, and this is why we're announcing it now, is we want to let you know is that we were thinking about doing this in 2013. We would like to be able to see what happens with the election. See what happens with tax policy. It's not clear to me that very much will happen, but there's a lot of people talking about it. But what we intend to do is start taking the earnings effect of it in 2013 but probably not actually repatriate the cash until the end of the year, which gives us a long runway from now until the end of 2013 to see exactly what's going to happen with tax reform. If anything happens, it's likely that if it's going to benefit us, we'll know that, and then we would be repatriating anyway. As Debbie said, we have more cash buildup there than we need to even grow those earnings at 6% or 8% and towards the top of that range. So this -- a repatriation build that would allow cash to come back at lower rates would benefit us more. If it goes the other way and something like the President's proposal that came out, and says you're going to have to pay a minimum tax even if you don't bring the money, then what we're doing now even makes more sense. We might as well bring it here and use it in the U.S. and use up these tax assets that we have sooner than we would otherwise use them.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Makes a lot of sense. Finally, just the Tangguh and the lower gas pricing, you guys mentioned the contract changes and amendments and lower gas prices kind of offsetting each other. Could you just give us a flavor as to the impact of both of those?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I'm going to ask Mark to...
Mark A. Snell: Yes, with respect to Tangguh, we renegotiated the contract and where we ended up with is, we allowed our partners to have more flexibility to divert cargoes, and we were compensated for allowing that extra flexibility. And that offset the effect of lower gas prices on our plan going forward. So all in all, it was a positive for them, and it actually is a positive for us to because we have a guaranteed number of deliveries. It's a small number, but it's the total amount we need to keep the plant cool. And we're also allowed to divert a cargo to other our facility in the Gulf, which eliminates the need to buy an expensive cargo there to keep that plant cool. So I think, all in all, the renegotiation, it's always kind of trite to say that it's a win-win but it's truly one that would turn out better for both parties.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So the financial impact of that versus to get lower gas prices is sort of what?
Mark A. Snell: Yes, kind of flat.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. But what was the impact, I guess, from one of them?
Mark A. Snell: Well, we're not disclosing what the financial impact of the contract is. But you'll see it in the LNG numbers when we do the Analyst Conference.
Operator: We'll go next to Ashar Khan from Visium.
Ashar Khan: Just wanted to, I don't know, I guess, coincidental, I was just looking -- I just want to understand the assumptions, I think if I understand. But if I look at Slide 2 from the last deck that you provided at your Analyst Conference, the 2011's outlook was $4 to $4.30, growing 6% to 8% percent and then we came to a $5.50 to a $5.80 number as part of the 2015 target. So if I -- using what you are pretty consistent, of course, we lost, now, '12 is back to $4 to $4.30, the growth rate is 6% to 8% EPS. So I'm assuming the range if I impute it from last year, the range should be similar because the growth rate hasn't changed, the base is the same and so the range should be I guess '16 should be $5.50 to $5.80 if I impute what was done last year. And am I thinking through this rightly? The base is going to be '12 and you're looking towards the '16 targets.
Debra L. Reed: I'm not going to give you the '16 target until we get to the Analyst Meeting. But I think your calculations do make sense, and we'll go through the details of '16 and what our estimates are at the Analyst Conference. But your methodology is how we get to our 6% to 8%.
Ashar Khan: Okay. And then if I could just go back, I guess the business that -- I'm just looking through which did better than forecast, one was pipeline and storage. I guess it came out $2.50 versus the high-end of $2.20. I know there was $18 million from a kind of like a tax related issue when you brought the money thing. But is there anything in that business that I guess the rest of the gains were all permanent better operations that are going to go on forward, just trying to ...
Debra L. Reed: Excuse me, I'm sorry...
Ashar Khan: No, just trying to get a sense of the strength of the business, I'm assuming it's permanent and we can grow from there?
Debra L. Reed: The main thing that happened, of course, in pipes and storage, is we acquired the South American utilities in April of last year. And that, that business -- those utilities performance will be ongoing, and we'll have a full year's effect of that this year. So when you look at the earnings in pipes and storage and the significant increase there, it's largely from the acquisition.
Joseph A. Householder: There were up couple of a onetime things that I think were mentioned that there was some gains from some cash, some U.S. dollars we held in Chile at the time. It's not there anymore. But originally, it was there. And there was some foreign exchange gain of about $10 million and we had some Mexican tax benefits in that business also. So there's a roughly $20 million in there that was I would say more a onetime than continuing.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Mark Barnett from Morningstar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Mark Barnett, Morningstar. Just a couple of quick questions, maybe out of the weeds here a little bit. So you know you had at the end of last quarter 2 plants left to kind of on the contracting side after the expiration of the DWR contract. And I'm wondering how those plants are looking and whether you had finalized kind of marketing those for the next few years?
Debra L. Reed: Let me have Mark talk about that because this -- clearly, as part of our strategic review, we have looked at every market and we have looked at every asset, and we've done a full assessment. And so let me have Mark just comment on that and again, we'll be going through a lot of this detail at the Analyst Day.
Mark A. Snell: Good question, Mark. Let me talk to you a little bit at how we're looking at these assets, and I think it will be indicative of kind of our entire strategic review process. The first thing we're doing is we are doing a fairly thorough market review of what we think those assets would sell for in the marketplace. And we're just about done with that with respect to the plants. And then as we figure out what that number is, then we look at what we believe our earnings from those operations will be. And we then, frankly, do a very simple calculation and say that if we got those proceeds, could we do better in other parts of our business? And we're kind of making that evaluation right now. But if we can think we can do better someplace else with that money, we're likely to move it into another part of the business. If we think that the current market just doesn't put enough value on those and we're getting an extraordinary return on the value we can get, we're likely to hold them for a while until that situation changes. Obviously, we wouldn't do that if we thought it was going to get worse. But if we thought it was going to get better, we'd continue to hold them. And we're making that, and we'll probably have some of those decisions done by the Analyst Conference. But we are looking at those. We put everything on the table, and it's just a way that we're thinking about it right now. And, frankly, I think we're in -- it's that process that just continues to move forward.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: All right. And I guess this is probably something else you will, so forgive me, you will probably address at the Analyst Day. But you received at the end of last month the initial permit for liquefaction from Cameron, I believe. And then I know that there's a second round for exploring the countries without free-trade agreements. I'm just wondering, had you already initiated that or are you waiting to sort of evaluate what you want to do on the investments side to apply for that second license?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. In terms of that, we filed for and received the U.S. free-trade export license from DOE already in January. And we also filed separately for the non-FTA countries, which is now pending. We also have to file a FERC permit, which we would expect to do sometime around the second quarter of this year. And that's likely to take 12 to 18 months. So that's kind of the timeline we're on.
Operator: And we'll move on to Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Debbie, rate case. How do you think about how far apart you guys are versus the interveners at both SDG&E and SoCalGas, kind of what's the bid? How far are apart are you on both O&M and on actual rate base expectations? And what are the likelihoods of settlement? You guys have been one of the best at settling rate cases in California over the years. Just curious to see where we stand now.
Debra L. Reed: Thank you, Michael. It's nice to speak with you this morning. In terms of the rate case, as you mentioned, we have a history of settling our cases, and the thing that I would note it that while the numbers between ourselves and the DRA staff may seem large on the surface, when you start drilling into them, there are a lot of the things that have been litigated time and time again in rate cases. They deal with what's the relative level of compensation or they deal with how we account for certain depreciation of asset. So there are issues that have been raised multiple times in rate cases. They have been litigated and/or settled and settled in the favor of how we filed them in the rate case. So I don't feel like we're truly as far apart as it might seem when you look at the filings that have been made by the parties and ourselves. We have been in discussions with parties. But I also say, we have a strong case. We completed the hearings in January. And if we're not able to reach a settlement that we think is the right amount for us to operate our business safely and effectively, then we are fine going through the regulatory process. But we do have a history, as you mentioned, of settling, and we always like to be able to try to work with the parties and see if we can't come up with a resolution that works for everyone.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. One other thing, rate case or tied to the regulated utility subsidiaries, what's remaining in terms of incentive compensation of earns -- incentive structure that the utilities can earn above and beyond kind of the traditional GRC? I'm thinking gas and -- your purchased gas incentive. I'm thinking energy efficiency. What's left going into 2012 versus what is kind of already halted and won't be there going forward?
Debra L. Reed: Okay, let me try to hit the major categories. We have at the gas company the gas cost incentive mechanism, and that is remaining in place. In fact, we've just got a draft decision this week, granting or recommending that we receive the incentive from what we filed last what year. And then we have a storage incentive mechanism at the gas company that allows us to market storage and to the extent we recover more than our embedded cost and there's a sharing mechanism on that. In terms of energy efficiency, that is up for review right now by the commission as to what is going to be a mechanism for energy efficiency going forward. And so we're not quite certain as to what the mechanism will ultimately be, but that is something that's up for review. And then at SDG&E, we also have a gas PBR mechanism similar to what we have at SoCalGas. And so those are the key mechanisms that are still in place.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Last item, renewable projects. Obviously, you've got a lot in the hopper. How do you think about whether you have the capability to expand upon that in the next 2 to 3 years, not necessarily next 5, but thinking more near-term, next 2 to 3 years, meaning the potential for incremental solar projects in all likelihood?
Debra L. Reed: Well, as you know, we have exceptional land position. And that -- as an example at ESJ in Northern Mexico, we have a project now that is just the first phase and maybe about 10% of the total capacity potential to be built at that location. That is for approval at the commission on March 8. So that there is some great opportunity there for wind potentially to grow. We have land positions adjacent to our power plants in Arizona and Nevada, and then we have a land position in Central California, all of which we will participate in RFPs and be able to bid out. And then we have some partnerships that we've formed where we work with other companies as we have with BP to take partner projects that they have and us be a 50-50 partner. Mark, I don't if you want add any more color to that.
Mark A. Snell: Well, I just would say I think it is a very robust pipeline that we have. And I think we'll continue to grow the business at significant rates. And it's a very profitable business for us. About look at all of our options down the line with respect to renewables, I think we're pretty excited about where it can take us and where it'll go. There's all kinds of options with respect to capital availability and things, where we can put very -- continue to put very little capital into it and get great earnings and great returns.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. I'm sorry, I wanted to cheat - last one here. Joe, I want to simplify the tax issue. In 2012 GAAP tax rates versus cash tax rates, and if you can give that for '13 as well, that'd be great.
Joseph A. Householder: Just a minute, Michael, let me grab that. 2012, let's say our GAAP tax rate is going to be around 30%. Cash tax rate will be fairly low. I don't have a percentage, but we would have a modest Californian tax and probably between California and our foreign businesses, maybe around $100 million of tax.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. In '13?
Joseph A. Householder: In '13 -- or '12. In '13 I think we'll get more into those numbers when we get to the conference.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vedula Murti from CDP Capital.
Vedula Murti: Let's see, most of my questions have been answered, but I just wanted to make sure if we think about the repatriation issue, if we think about the kind of like the status quo, such that nothing changes, how many years of NOLs and other types of things do you have such that you could repatriate $300 million a year back to the U.S. with minimal cash taxes?
Debra L. Reed: Joe?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, this is Joe. We're expecting, depending on how this plays out, but assuming the status quo, we would probably repatriate about $300 million a year, to around 2018.
Vedula Murti: Okay. So you can do that with...
Joseph A. Householder: So you've got both NOLs and -- sorry, go ahead.
Vedula Murti: So you've got about 5 years or so with very minimal cash taxes?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. We have several years of net operating losses that we could absorb. And then we also have renewable energy credits that we can use.
Vedula Murti: Okay. And we've just spent a lot of time talking about EPS growth off of these headwinds of 6% to 8%, but all these headwinds have had no effect on cash. Can you talk about the cash flow growth rate over the next 5 years so does the EPS growth rate? Should we -- will we see a commensurate increase in cash flow growth or are we going to see the reversal which we have seen, where cash flow is fine and EPS reported GAAP has these headwinds and then EPS -- and then EPS improved, but cash flow kind of stable or doesn't keep up? Can you talk about the growth rate of cash flow over the period?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I would just say that I wouldn't see a big disconnect between cash flow and earnings over the period of time. If anything, the cash flow should be a little bit higher for the tax reasons that we talked about. And some of our assets are cash flow positive, but they're not producing stronger earnings. So I would say that for the purposes of where we are today, we'll go through that again at the Analyst Meeting. The purposes of where we are today to assume they're relatively parallel.
Vedula Murti: Okay. And one last question. In terms of where payout is and that type of thing, and obviously, with the outside uptick in terms of dividends today, should we just kind of think that going forward, just kind of plug that dividend growth going forward should be somewhere like half of like your targeted growth rate from here going forward?
Debra L. Reed: Well, I'd say our board looks at this every year. And the decision that they made this year with a larger increase in dividend was not predictable last year. But if you just kind of look at our earnings and you look at getting to a 50%, 45%, 50% payout ratio, you can envision the opportunity over the 5-year growth rate that we have that we should be able to continue to increase the dividend at some level that's slightly less than our earnings growth rate. So I mean, I think that we'll show you some of this when you show you the 5-year earnings growth rate and we'll show you the earnings and then you can kind of look at that dividend payout ratio and figure for yourself about how much greater it can be over the period of 5 years.
Vedula Murti: Great. I just to make sure that in terms of what I understand, that you've got a running room of about 5 years or so in terms of various NOLs and tax credit such that irrespective of U.S. tax policy, you'll be able to repatriate $300 million a year with minimal cash back, and that the growth rate on cash flow going forward is going to be comparable, if not superior, to what you're going to -- what you're striving to achieve in terms of GAAP EPS growth rate.
Debra L. Reed: That's correct.
Operator: And we'll take our next question today from Naaz Khumawala from Bank of America.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I had just a couple of one clarification question and just a couple of other questions. On the $0.30 a share of hit, is that all in '13 or is that like $0.06 a year over the next 5 years? I was confused about how that was kind of said over the call.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. The $0.30 per share, it continues. It doesn't increase, but it basically continues. We'd factored the time is based upon the amount you repatriate that year and what, if you're repatriating $30 million -- $300 million a year every year, then you'll have that hit for that one year for the deferred tax on the amount you're repatriating. So as long as you're repatriating, and let me just clarify, as long as your repatriating, then you would have that. If we decided to repatriate in 2013 and then something changed our view and we elected not to repatriate in 2014, then we would not have that $0.30 again in 2014. When we do have a lot of flexibility in this as to how we choose to repatriate, and when we make those elections.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I think the last time markets said that you have $1 billion of cash overseas, is that more like $1.5 billion now, if I just do $300 million from 5?
Joseph A. Householder: This is Joe. I think you'll probably referring to when Mark was talking about how much cash we had available, including that was prior to the acquisition of the South American utilities. So we have basically brought back or used in investment cash. There's not any big amounts of cash sitting there today. We have very low debt-to-cap ratios, as I mentioned. So we have the ability to grow those. We're not going to repatriate funds that we needed there to grow the business, and we also have the ability to borrow there if we want to fund additional investments beyond their really good growth that they have.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just the last question on California, on the pipeline safety memo account that you had applied for, do you know what kind of timing you expect to receive that for this year?
Debra L. Reed: Well, the memo account, we're anticipating sometime in the first half of the year getting the memo account established. And the assigned, Commissioner Florio, basically set the schedule for the proceeding that would have the closing brief filed in October, hearings in the summertime and then closing briefs in October. But we would expect the memo account to be put in place before that time. The other thing that was very positive is that in his decisions setting forth the procedural schedule, he encouraged us, once the memo account was established, to begin the rate collection of that so that there was not spikiness in terms of the rate recovery. So I think you'll see some movement in the first half of this year on the memo account in the latter half of this year, early next year, on the whole termination or completion of the preceding.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just in terms of how much of the $3.1 billion, if you did get the memo account, let's say, midyear, how much of that spend could you potentially do in '12 or how much have you anticipated in the guidance?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, in terms of what we would do in '12, it wouldn't be a great amount in '12. It would certainly be less than $100 million. And a lot depends on the timing of the memo account. But I would not anticipate a lot of expenditures in '12. It would be more of a ramp up. And then in '13, we will begin.
Naaz Khumawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And so, I think you guys before have included about $400 million of pipeline safety spend in your 5-year CapEx, is that right?
Debra L. Reed: What we have for pipeline safety spend, we had $1.4 billion over the 5-year period of our plan. And as I said, when we did the 2012 numbers, we did a bottoms-up for 2012. So we looked at the situation that we feel that we're in today and what we think is going to happen today, and we redid our guidance for 2012. So whatever was in 2012 would now be deferred most likely to 2013. And that the total amount is still anticipated at $1.4 billion over a 5-year period.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Stephen Huang from Carlson Capital.
Stephen Huang: I was just wanted to double check and reconfirm something. The long-term growth rate, we're starting at the $4 to $4.30 2012 base, is that correct?
Debra L. Reed: Yes.
Stephen Huang: Okay. And then, Joe, the second question I had was you mentioned that you would go back and recast the '10 and '11 solar and then bring them back forward. So is that basically you'll do like a onetime charge in '13 first quarter and then you'll kind of add $0.05 a share of earnings going forward per year? Are you basically taking '10 and '11 earnings and adding $0.05 going forward?
Joseph A. Householder: The 2010 and 2011, the financials will just be recast as if we had been on the other method in the prior years. And so there'll be slightly higher earnings over the next 25 years because we're moving those credits going forward into the future years.
Debra L. Reed: But there's no effect of...
Joseph A. Householder: There's no onetime effect in 2012 or 2013 of it. There's the continuing slow amortization of the ITC over the 25-year life.
Stephen Huang: Right. But it would add about $0.05 to ongoing -- in that ballpark of ongoing earnings, starting from '13 and going forward.
Joseph A. Householder: I'm not sure where -- how you're computing that number, but we'll go over this at the Analyst Conference [indiscernible].
Stephen Huang: But it should add a couple of pennies of earnings going forward. Or are you just moving it out?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, it should add a modest amount. That's correct.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Worms from BMO.
Michael S. Worms - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Michael Worms. Just a quick question on the repatriation of the money in South America. At what point, I thought the plan was to build some transmission lines down there, and to potentially build another hydro plant or 2. So are those plans now and you going forward will just bring back money to the U.S.? Can you kind of give us some color on that?
Debra L. Reed: No, those plans are still in existence. And when we've done with our 5-year plan, we've incorporated the requirements to have that growth. We're still looking at transmission projects. We're building the hydro project right now in Peru that should be online at around 2013. And we have other hydro projects in Peru that we're bidding on, as well as transmission projects in Chile. Those projects are still incorporated in our plan, and we have the ability through operating cash flow from those businesses and local debt. We talk about the fact that those businesses really don't have any debt on them. And that we really feel that there's a preferred capital structure for those businesses where we would pay off some of the U.S. debt with the repatriated dollars and have local debt on those businesses, which make more sense for the projects that we're doing. So that's the way we will structure those projects in more of the kind of cap structure we'd like to see there in the long-term.
Operator: And James Heckler from Levin Capital Strategies has our next question.
Neil Stein: It's actually Neal Stein from Levin Capital. I have a couple of more questions on the repatriation issue and just as it relates to the growth rate. So you'll book a $0.30 adverse impact, EPS impact, from repatriation in 2013. Are you still able to grow 6% to 8% in that year or are you saying the 6% to 8% is applicable over the long-term and maybe you can't grow in '13 by that amount?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I'm not saying that it's going to -- I think, I've made a comment before, and I'll restate it. Our growth is going to be 6% to 8% over a 5-year time frame. And that there will be some unevenness in that growth from -- not every year is going to be 6% to 8% over their prior year. Some years maybe 3%, some years maybe 9%. And a lot of that has to do when projects come in, especially some of our renewable projects and when they start providing earnings. And so that we've never grown evenly. If you'd kind of look at our historical growth, it's been over a longer-term time frame that we give you the projections. And then when we see you at the end of March, we will give you the projections as we have and what our growth rate is over the longer term and then what we expect it to be in each of the early years.
Neil Stein: Well, could you say, are you able to specifically offset this $0.30 impact in '13?
Debra L. Reed: We're not giving 2013 guidance today. And so I'd rather wait and go through all of that with the total plan at the Analyst Conference. We've given you the 2012 guidance, which is what we always do on this call, and then when we get to the Analyst Meeting, we will go through and lay out for you what our expectations are over the 5-year time frame and in 2012, 2013.
Neil Stein: Well, let me ask this. There's the possibility you may book $0.30 maybe in one year or just a couple of years. I guess there is also the possibility you may book at meeting you'll repatriate $300 million of cash every single year over the 5-year period? Is that a possibility? And if you were to be booking this $0.30 adverse impact from the repatriation tax, would you still be able to grow 6% to 8% for the 5-year period?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I mean, what we've assumed is that we would have the $300 million a year repatriated every year over the time frame of the 5 years. And even with that, that we would have a 6% to 8% growth rate over that 5-year time frame.
Operator: Our next question today is from John Ali [ph] from Decade Capital.
Unknown Analyst: Sorry to keep asking about this. Just to be clear, the 6% to 8% growth, so you're going in year 5, if you took the repatriation, you'd still have that number?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Again, the way -- yes. The way we've looked at it is we've calculated the growth over that 5-year plan, and it includes the change in solar accounting and it includes the repatriation.
Unknown Analyst: Every year?
Debra L. Reed: And we look at it over the 5-year and, we said that, that compound annual growth rate over that 5-year period will be 6% to 8%. Now that doesn't mean that every year grows 6% to 8% over the prior year. It's not always even. But if you look at it over the 5-year time frame, then the average growth rate, the CAGR and earnings, ends up being 6% to 8% over that 5-year period.
Joseph A. Householder: And then -- it's Joe. Just to confirm, the repatriation is in the plan from 2013 through the remainder, not in 2012, but 2013 going forward.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. The other thing I would say is that we're not going to give you the 2013 number today. But it's always positive growth. We're not going to have a decline in growth over the period of time. But it's not always going to be 6% to 8% year-over-year-over-year on a linear basis. But it will always be a positive growth, even taking into account the $0.30.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And the $300 million a year, how does that relate to the earnings you get every year, meaning what percentage of earnings is that or are you just re-levering the business?
Joseph A. Householder: It is most of the earnings from Mexico and Peru that we don't need in the business.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. I guess, what's the level of international earnings every year? And the other question I have is, Peru and Chile, how fast as they growing?
Debra L. Reed: Well, Peru and Chile have growth rate of about 6% to 8%. And that's been the historical growth rate and that's kind of the projected growth rate, without some of the special projects. And that's just inherent in the basic utility business there is that you're running around 6% to 8% growth in total electric demand in those 2 countries and then about 3% to 4% customer growth each year. And then in addition to that, we have these special projects like the hydro project and transmission project.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. But just the run rate business is about 6% to 8% in terms of net income?
Mark A. Snell: Yes, towards the high end of that.
Unknown Analyst: Got you. And how much cash do you have overseas internationally?
Mark A. Snell: Well, we just did a large acquisition so we don't have -- we used up a lot of our cash. But we are, like Joe just said, too, we don't have a lot of leverage overseas. And so we have a lot of borrowing capacity.
Unknown Analyst: So roughly how much borrowing capacity [indiscernible] business we could get back into it?
Mark A. Snell: $1 billion, probably.
Unknown Analyst: That's borrowing capacity?
Mark A. Snell: Yes.
Operator: That will come from Chris Shelton from Millenium Partners.
Chris Shelton: A quick follow-up question. I guess in terms of the $300 million that you guys are repatriating each year, as far as uses of that cash, obviously, you had a dividend increase, which will take up a portion of that. But what are the kind of -- what are the potential uses of that cash that you see going forward?
Debra L. Reed: I'll cover the high level and then ask Joe to add anything he wants to. As we said, really, the dividend is secondary for the use of this cash, that the majority of this cash is used for debt repayment in the U.S. And what we're trying to do is repay off some of the U.S. debt and then have some local debt established in Chile and Peru and Mexico for the projects that we're doing there so that the leverage in each of those countries has the kind of cap structure that we want to have eventually. That is the way that those businesses should be structured there. They're very underleveraged right now in each of those locations. We'd rather have local debt. We think there's a lot of good reason for having local debt in those countries, and then we'd like to be able to bring this back while we have these net operating losses so that we can repay some of the U.S. debt.
Chris Shelton: Got it. Makes sense. And maybe this is an Analyst Conference question, but what is the -- I guess on the U.S. side, what is that kind of desired level of debt?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, we pretty much keep a 50-50 kind of a cap structure, 51-49, in that range.
Chris Shelton: Okay. And so $300 million a year for how many years would get you -- I guess where -- the better question is where is the balance sheet currently for the U.S. portion, I guess?
Joseph A. Householder: It's about 51% debt to cap.
Chris Shelton: Okay. So if you're repatriating $300 million a year for a number of years, would you expect to kind of use, I guess, use some of that cash in the business as opposed to sort of paying down debt because it seems like you might overshoot the balance sheet capacity?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, you have to look at too what our capital spending is for the 5-year period. And we're looking at spending something like close to $14 billion of capital during that period of time, mostly in our utilities. And so that -- and this is what we'll go through at the Analyst Meeting because you really need to look at this in terms of the 5 years, what the capital spending is, what the repayment of debt is, what the growth is in our international businesses and see it on our composite basis, which we'll show you at the Analyst Meeting. But principally, to keep our credit stats strong and all, we're intending to use the funds that we repatriate to pay off debt, and then we will be issuing other debt as needed for our capital projects to fund this incredible growth that we have with really great projects.
Chris Shelton: I see. And I guess because last year, you had some pretty good -- last year's Analyst Day, had some pretty good growth -- took pretty good growth assumed without repatriation, was that the assumption for last year? And now the assumption is that you'll repatriate, so are there kind of other projects incremental last year, is that the way we should think about it?
Debra L. Reed: Well, in this 5-year plan, another year is added to it. And there are some additional projects that we will have obviously, in that extra year. But what I want to leave you with is the growth will continue in our South American businesses. We'll be able to fund that and we'll be able to create a capital structure there that are appropriate for those businesses and fund the growth that we showed you last year in those businesses, including transmission and generation projects. And then we will repatriate and use the cash to pay off debt, and we'll most likely leverage up those utilities internationally and get the cap structure they should have and produce -- and have more debt than internationally. And then the cash will be used to pay off debt here, so you're basically paying your leverage in a country where you're doing business and bringing back the cash and paying off U.S. debts.
Joseph A. Householder: Chris, we expect that debt U.S. ratio to stay about the same. We have really solid growth. In our view, look, money is fungible. So whether repayment of debt or spending it on your projects, right now for the first few years, we're spending more than our free cash flow. So we're increasing debt in the early years and paying some in the later years. But we're roughly keeping our debt in that ratio about the team, and we're looking at our credit statistics and making sure we have strong credit ratings.
Debra L. Reed: Okay, if there are no further questions then, I'd like to thank you again for joining us on this morning's call. And if you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to call Steve, Scott or Victor, and have a great day. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-03 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Steven D. Davis - Vice President of Investor Relations Joseph A. Householder - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Controller Mark A. Snell - President Debra L. Reed - Chief Executive Officer and Director Bruce Folkmann - 
Analysts: Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Vedula Murti - Tribeca Global Management Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Mark Sigal - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Kit Konolige - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division Winfried Fruehauf - Fruehauf consulting Michael S. Worms - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Davis. Please go ahead, sir.
Steven D. Davis: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I’m Steve Davis, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. This morning, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's third quarter 2011 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team, including Debbie Reed, Chief Executive Officer; Mark Snell, President; Joe Householder, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bruce Folkmann, Acting Controller.  You'll note that Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Please remember that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance and represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the day of this call. As you know, they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, so future results may differ materially from those expressed on our call. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are described at the bottom of today’s press release and are further discussed in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or other factors. It's important to note that all the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis. With that, I'll turn it over to Debbie.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. On today's call, we'll start with a review of our financial results. I'll then give you an operational update on our businesses.  Before we begin, I want to take the opportunity to acknowledge that 2 of the long-standing members of our leadership team are joining us today in new roles. As part of our ongoing succession planning process, Mark Snell was named President of Sempra Energy. Joe Householder, who had previously served as our Senior Vice President and Controller, was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sempra Energy, the role that Mark had held since 2005.  In addition, on January 1, Jeff Martin will assume a broader role as the head of U.S. Gas & Power, and George Liparidis will take over all of our international operation. I will discuss more about these changes later.  I think we have a great team in place, one that has worked well together for many years and one that is ready to build on our success and take the company forward. So now let's discuss our third quarter and year-to-date financial results, beginning on Slide 3. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $296 million or $1.22 per share compared with $131 million or $0.53 per share in the same period last year. On an adjusted basis, earnings for the third quarter of 2010 were $270 million, which excludes a $130 million write-down of our investment at RBS Sempra Commodities. Earnings for the first 9 months of 2011 were $1.1 billion or $4.40 per share compared with $459 million or $1.84 per share in 2010. This year's second quarter earnings included a gain of $277 million reflecting the write-up and the value of our investments in Chile and Peru. And in 2010, earnings included an after-tax litigation charge of $96 million, as well as the write-down of the investment in RBS Sempra Commodities that I just mentioned. On an adjusted basis, earnings per share for the first 9 months of 2011 were up 17% compared to last year, and I'm pleased with the strong performance from all of our businesses.  Now I'd like to hand it over to Joe, so he can take you through some of the details of our financial results beginning with Slide 4.
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the third quarter of 2011 were $113 million compared with earnings of $106 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase was due primarily to higher earnings from work-in progress or AFUDC equity mainly from the Sunrise Powerlink project.  For the first 9 months of 2011, SDG&E's earnings were $273 million compared with $264 million last year. The increase was due primarily to the higher AFUDC earnings net of increased interest costs.  At Southern California Gas, third quarter 2011 earnings were $81 million compared with $78 million in the third quarter of 2010. For the first 9 months of 2011, SoCalGas's earnings were $208 million compared with $212 million last year. Now let's go to Slide 5. Sempra Pipelines & Storage recorded earnings of $66 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $43 million in the same quarter of 2010. The increase in earnings was primarily due to $11 million higher earnings from the accretive acquisition we made in Chile and Peru and $18 million higher earnings from non-operating foreign currency effects in Chile. Partially offsetting this was a net $7 million benefit last year due to nonrecurring items related to our investment in Argentina. For the first 9 months of 2011, Sempra Pipelines & Storage had earnings of $457 million. Excluding the impact of the $277 million gain earlier this year, earnings were $180 million for the first 9 months of 2011 compared with earnings of $120 million last year. The increase was mainly due to $31 million higher earnings from operations in Chile and Peru, $13 million higher earnings from the Mexican pipeline operations we acquired in April 2010 and $15 million from the foreign currency benefit in Chile that I just mentioned. I’d note, the currency gain in Chile resulted primarily from having over $200 million in U.S. currency at Chilquinta while there was a strengthening of the dollar relative to the Chilean peso. Some of the gain will turn around in the fourth quarter because the dollar has since weakened.  The cash has now been distributed out of the operating company. And because we no longer plan to retain excess funds in excess of operating needs at Chilquinta, we do not expect to see this as a significant item in future years. Now please go to slide 6. Sempra LNG had earnings of $24 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $5 million in the prior year's period. For the first 9 months of 2011, Sempra LNG's earnings were $75 million, up from $50 million last year. The increase in earnings for both the quarter and year-to-date was due primarily to higher revenues for contracted cargoes that were not delivered. Now please move to Slide 7. Our Generation business recorded earnings of $49 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $59 million in the same quarter in 2010. This decrease was primarily due to lower earnings from natural gas fired power plant operations, was partially offset by an income tax benefit. For the first 9 months of 2011, Sempra Generation's earnings were $143 million, up from $60 million last year. Last year's results included an $86 million charge related to a litigation settlement.  I also want to mention that as anticipated, Generation's 10-year contract to sell power to the California Department of Water Resources expired at the end of the third quarter. This contract anchored our fleet of gas plants for the past 10 years. Also, on October 1, the 480-megawatt El Dorado gas plant was acquired by SDG&E for its book value about $200 million, and now it will earn a rate base return at SDG&E. Now let's move to the next slide. As we mentioned on our second quarter call, there is a regulatory item that I'd like to point out as it relates to our expectations for the remainder of the year. SDG&E has requested the CPUC's approval to recover increased wildfire insurance costs for the period July 2010, through December of this year, which if approved as filed will result in about $50 million of earnings. You may recall that late last year, the Commission allowed SDG&E to recover its higher insurance costs for the July 2009 to June 2010 policy period, which resulted in the recognition of $16 million of earnings. It also provided guidance for the future recovery request until our next rate case, and our 2 requests are consistent with that guidance. The amount and the timing of recovery of these requests will play a key role in determining where, within our guidance range, we end the year. Given our outlook for the remainder of the year and the strong performance across all of our businesses for the first 9 months, we are on track to meet our 2011 earnings guidance of $4 to $4.30 per share, this excludes the impact of the remeasurement gain from our South American acquisition that we recognized in the second quarter. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Debbie, who will begin with Slide 9.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Joe. Now let me update you in activities in our California utility. In our general rate cases for SDG&E and SoCalGas, the interveners in the proceedings filed their testimony in September, and we filed our rebuttal testimony last month, which sets the stage for settlement discussion. The proceedings schedules call for hearings in December and final CPUC decisions around March of 2012. The CPUC has already approved making these new rates retroactive to January 1, 2012. Turning to the Sunrise Powerlink project at SDG&E. The project now is about 50% complete and remains on budget. We continue to expect the lines to be completed in the second half of 2012. Earlier this year, the CPUC directed the natural gas utilities in California to file implementation plans to comply with new requirements to test or replace all transmission pipeline that have not been pressure tested. We submitted our pipeline safety enhancement plan to the CPUC in late August. This plan calls for spending a total of $3.1 billion over the next 10 years, primarily at SoCalGas.  We have requested cost recovery for the first phase, which entails spending $1.4 billion of capital and about $300 million of O&M expense through 2015 to pressure test or replace pipeline in the highest priority areas.  Both SoCalGas and SDG&E expect the CPUC to allow recovery for all costs associated with complying with these new requirement and to set the appropriate level of spending going forward. Now please go to Slide 10. Given the dramatic rise in North American natural gas production from shale resources and the disparity in natural gas prices between North America and both Asian and European market, several liquefaction projects have now been proposed that would export LNG to international markets.  We have strong interest from large credit-worthy counterparties who want to procure liquefaction services from Cameron LNG on long-term, 20-plus-year contracts. Due to the significant interest, we will be submitting an application for an LNG export license from the Department of Energy in the very near future. Our goal is to get a long-term contract, fully utilize our existing infrastructure and minimize our future investment risk. Given the stature and enthusiasm of the interested parties, we believe this is a realistic objective.  Now before I move on to the final slide, I'd like to provide an update on our strategic planning process. As we discussed on our second quarter earnings call, this is an exercise that we undertake each year to update our 5-year business plan. You may recall that I outlined 3 primary objectives as part of this year's effort, which are: to conduct a thorough market assessment, to identify opportunities and risks; review the current and expected performance of our asset portfolio with the goal of getting the greatest value from these assets; and put in place the organization and leadership to execute and deliver on our plans.  We recently announced management changes and a business unit realignment, which is an initial step in the evolution of our business. I want to stress that our strategy has been and will continue to be focused on regulated utilities and contracted energy infrastructure.  Our realignment reflects this continued focus. The leaders of our 2 California utilities, San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas now report directly to me. In his new role as President, Mark Snell will oversee our operations outside the California utilities. Effective at the beginning of next year, Sempra Generation, Sempra Pipelines & Storage and Sempra LNG, will be consolidated into 2 new business units reporting to Mark: Sempra International and Sempra U.S. Gas & Power.  With regard to our market assessment and portfolio review, our work is ongoing and we plan to detail the results at our analyst conference next spring. Now please turn to the final slide. To summarize, I'm very pleased with the strong performance across all of our business units, so far this year. Our adjusted earnings for the first 9 months of the year are up 17% from last year, and we're on track to meet our earnings outlook for 2011. With that, I'll stop and open up the call to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Debbie, 2 questions. One, I know you're in the early stages of kind of taking a strategic look at the various assets. Where do you think you have scale? And maybe more importantly, where do you think you lack scale?
Debra L. Reed: Well, certainly, Michael, I would say that we have scale in our utility operations both internationally and in the U.S. and those are clearly profitable businesses for us. I think that in our U.S. Gas & Power business, this is an area where we want to focus in looking at those assets and how those assets can be utilized in more fully in some cases and in different ways in other cases to grow that U.S. Gas & Power business. And Mark Snell and his team will be involved in doing that.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The other question and this thinking about the balance sheet over the coming years, are you guys, thinking about in terms of dividend growth versus share buyback, versus funding CapEx, versus even potential debt reduction or minimizing debt issuances at the holding company level?
Debra L. Reed: Well, Michael, I'm going to ask Joe to shine some light on that further, but let me just say that, that is part of our overall strategic review. And we, fortunately, are in a position where we have a lot of good investments mainly in our utilities. And so we want to make those investments in our utilities, and we'll be looking at that as a top priority. And then we will be looking at the dividend that always occurs in our February board meeting where our board looks at that. So let me just hand it over to Joe and see if he wants to shine any more color on that.
Joseph A. Householder: Sure. I think, Michael, I'd just stay with what Debbie was saying is part of the strategic review is to look at capital allocation. And that question that you asked is simply around capital allocation. How are we going to look at dividend? We have a policy now we'll continue to look at that with the board, and we will maintain our strong investment grade credit ratings. That's important to us, so that's something we will focus on, and we'll look at the great investment opportunities we have and decide upon the capital allocation and whether that includes more capital to the utilities or U.S. Gas & Power business or more to dividend or more to share buyback. We're going to look at that in this process. We'll be talking about that when we meet in March.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: The income tax benefit and generation, could you quantify that?
Debra L. Reed: Joe, you want to?
Joseph A. Householder: Sure. I'm going to ask Bruce Folkmann to give you the details of that. But it was a component of a Mexican tax benefits, and obviously, we have some solar credits that we're recognizing.
Bruce Folkmann: This is Bruce Folkmann. The Mexican tax benefit is the primary is driver for the change in rate. And let me just explain that. It affected generation and it also touches on our other operations in Mexico. Many of those subsidiaries use the U.S. dollars as their functional currency. So during the third quarter the U.S. dollar strengthened versus the Mexican peso. As a result, U.S. dollar denominated liabilities, generally debt, resulted in Mexican tax benefits. This lowered the tax rate for our Mexican operations and for Sempra. We have economically hedged this exposure in 2011, but the impact of the hedge isn't reflected in tax expenses, it's reflected in other income and expense. Another impact of the weakening peso is that our deferred tax liabilities was declined in U.S. dollar terms resulting in lower tax rates. Again, lower tax rates for Mexican operations and for Sempra.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And how much was this?
Bruce Folkmann: The impact on generation?
Paul Patterson: Yes.
Bruce Folkmann: Well, it really drove the rate from 25% to 20% or a negative 20% rather, of benefit.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So I mean, just a dollar number? Do we have that? Or I can circle back after the call if that's easier.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, we have it.
Bruce Folkmann: We have it.
Joseph A. Householder: Just one second. It's, I believe, it's about $7 million in generation.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then the gas pipeline plan? As I’m sure you guys know PG&E had quite an announcement this morning. And I was wondering whether or not you could just sort of comment on how -- obviously, it's a different situation different -- if you could just maybe comment a little bit about the pipeline safety enhancement plan and how that differs. I mean, it sounds like you're planning on getting full recovery. Just if you could elaborate a little more on that?
Debra L. Reed: Sure, very much so. I think we are in a different situation clearly in that regard. As I told you the filing that we made is really for new activities that the CPUC is requiring of the utilities as a result of the PG&E situation. And so they are requiring us to test all lines that haven't been tested, and that was not previously required under the regulation. So we made a filing consistent with the CPUC's request. We would anticipate that they would authorize a memorandum account for us so that we can begin recovering costs or begin booking the costs to the memorandum account within the first quarter of next year. And as I mentioned, our total filing over 10 years is $3.1 billion, $2.8 million of that is capital. And then our 5-year request for funding, which we have requested to occur prior to the next rate case, is about $1.4 billion in capital, and we fully expect to recover that.
Paul Patterson: And then on the liquefaction, just if you could, how much are we talking about? I mean that's usually a lot more expensive than the LNG terminal stuff. I know you guys already have some stuff in place and what-have-you. But could you give us a feeling for what you're thinking about here and sort of what the next steps might be in terms of when we might get a better picture as to what may or may not happen? And so the time frame, if anything does happen, when that would be?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Let me just give a high level, and then I'll have Mark give a little bit more color. We're in discussions with very strong counterparties about making this conversion, but those discussions are still at pretty early stages. And so we don't have a specific structure identified. What we do have identified is that we would only do this if we had a long-term contract, and we would not build something that we couldn't have fully contracted. And in doing this, we would really look at the rest of the investment and structure. And we have not taken commodity risks and wouldn't intend to in anything that you would do. So those are kind of the key things from our side that we're looking at in terms of any deal structure. And Mark, do you want to comment?
Mark A. Snell: Paul, I just would say this, look, it's pretty early stage. But the good news here is that we have a real opportunity to take the Cameron facility and start utilizing it to its maximum potential, and I think that's really the exciting news. And then beyond that, how we structure it, whether we do this on our own or in partners, we have very sophisticated large counterparties that we're talking with here that essentially would become our partners in this. And so at the end of the day, we haven't really spelled out in ourselves here internally how we would fund this. But it wouldn't necessarily be our capital that we would put at work. I mean, there's lots of opportunities to do different things. I think you should just look at this as a very, very real and very positive upside to a business that's just coming into its own right now.
Paul Patterson: I guess I'm sort of wondering, though, I mean just can you throw out sort of a ballpark number, what a facility like this would cost, given where you -- with the infrastructure you already have in place? I mean, it may not be all your capital and stuff but just in general, I’m wondering.
Mark A. Snell: Yes. It could be anywhere from $1 billion to a couple of billion dollars. It depends on the size of the facility and what's optimal for the people that we're dealing with, what they want. And so it's really -- we really -- it's pretty wide parameters right now because we don't know how big of a facility that's going to be required or be desired. So we're kind of looking at all those options, and we'll keep you updated. This is a longer-term process because as the DOE has recently announced they're going to review the export permits carefully and so this could take some bit of time before this comes to realization but we should be able to know sometime in the next year whether -- how this will move forward and we'll give you more detail as we know them.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then just finally, the RBS wind down. Are we pretty much set for the rest of the year, I think you guys are about, a little over $300 million there now? Do you expect to get all that by the end year or any thoughts on that?
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We're on track with what we've told you before, a little bit over $300 million that we would expect to recover. Some of that may come in to the first quarter of next year but we would get the majority of it this year.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And that $7 million gain that we talked about for the income tax thing, is that going to be an ongoing thing or is that sort of just the quarterly impact with all the stuff you're talking about with the Mexican U.S. debt thing?
Debra L. Reed: Joe?
Joseph A. Householder: This is Joe. That can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter because of the difference between the Mexican peso and the U.S. dollar but the thing is, this is a non-cash adjustment to the deferred tax liability, because that's in pesos and we have a dollar function of currency. So it moves around. It goes up and down. It usually isn't quite as dramatic as it was this past quarter because the peso really devalued against the dollar quite a bit in the quarter itself, mostly written in the last couple of weeks of the month as we're dealing with the Greek crisis and all that. But I don't expect it to be a significant number from quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Leslie Rich from JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich: Can you refresh my memory on your cost of capital mechanism? Do you have that sort of dead band range that annually gets tested to see if it triggers cost of capital change?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, Leslie, we do at both utilities and they’re different mechanisms at each of the 2 utilities. The SoCalGas mechanism is based upon the 30-year treasury, and the SDG&E mechanism is based upon the utility bond index. And so when we look at those mechanisms, that we do not expect either of them to trigger so we would expect to keep the same cost of capital until we get into our next proceeding. SoCalGas is a little closer than SDG&E is in terms of where we are on the triggering mechanism. But the 30-year treasury would have to fall below 2.81% for the remainder of this year in order for that to trigger and since it's been over 3%, it's 3.11% today, we would not anticipate a trigger.
Leslie Rich: So is that the kind of thing that's tested sort of once a year? Or is that up for potential adjustment?
Debra L. Reed: It's tested once a year, but the last testing until the cost of capital will be for SoCal at the end of this year and SDG&E test period is earlier and they've already cleared the test period. So basically, unless the utilities bond -- unless the 30-year treasury rate goes below 2.81% for the remainder of this year, there will be no triggering at either utility.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Barnett from MorningStar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Quick question. You may have already gone over this briefly, but I think I might have missed. The timeline on the review process for your submitted PSEP program. When you might [indiscernible] first year back…
Debra L. Reed: Yes. The timeline for the review, we're anticipating that a memorandum account will be established in the first quarter of next year. And the memorandum account would allow us to book costs for future recovery. And then the proceeding is unclear to us exactly what the timing of the full proceeding would be for the approval of the entire filing. But once we have a memorandum account then we can begin implementation.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And with the final, I guess, proposal or accepted proposal, are you expecting it to just take the form of a writer or...
Debra L. Reed: I'm not sure I quite understood.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Like an ongoing writer mechanism?
Debra L. Reed: Okay. What we filed for is a surcharge, and that, that surcharge would stay in place until our next rate case. And then on our next rate case, they would look at the future periods and put into our next rate case an amount to continue with us -- through $3.1 billion over the next 10 years that we've requested. So we broke it into 2 pieces. The first piece is $1.7 billion and $1.4 billion of that is capital, and we would look at that, getting the memo account to begin that in the first quarter of next year. And then the second piece would occur after the rate case period.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And just one more quick question. With the LNG export the impact on your existing import capability, would there be any, just in terms of physical space or how might that work?
Debra L. Reed: Well, as you probably know, Cameron is about 1/3 contracted and so the facility has capacity to add the liquefaction and keep the gasification plant in operation. So we would envision that we would be able to do both of that facility.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Faisel Khan from Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the Eldorado plant that gets dropped into SDG&E, do we see an immediate sort of true up in earnings as that plan has dropped in?
Debra L. Reed: Well, it goes into rate base immediately, and that was under a separate proceeding so there should be a true up in earnings for that plant because it was not part of the GRC. It was incremental to the GRC. It was transferred in the beginning of October at an amount of a little over $200 million.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, got you. And then on the $3.1 billion sort of capital plan for pipeline integrity and I guess replacement at SoCalGas, do you envision that being kind of front-end loaded or is that going to be kind of equally amortized over a 10-year period?
Debra L. Reed: Well, as I mentioned, over the first 5 years, we're requesting $1.7 billion out of the $3.1 billion. So it's a little bit front-end loaded. But out of that $1.7 billion, we're estimating about $1.4 billion of that being capital, and the most of that is SoCalGas.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. I guess, if I'm just looking at your earnings from the, I guess, Gas Pipeline & Storage business that you guys have right now, how much of that earnings is -- or Pipeline Storage business, how much of that earnings is from kind of foreign entities? What percentage, if you can give me an idea?
Debra L. Reed: I think, yes, I know that 60% of that is really coming from our utilities, and that includes our utilities in Chile and Peru. I don't have a precise percentage of what, or how much is foreign but I would say it's probably pretty close to that 60%.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then on the LNG side in terms of the earnings that we're seeing from the LNG segment, is almost all of that coming from Costa Azul or is there a little bit of contribution from Cameron?
Debra L. Reed: Well, there is some contribution for Cameron from the Eni contract that we have but the bulk of that is Costa Azul, where we have the plant fully contracted and the contracts provide for if there's a lack of delivery of cargoes of B2B paid, so...
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just on your statement of operations by business unit and that table that you guys provide, I was wondering if you can just clarify just a few line items, I guess, in your consolidated adjustments to Parent & Other you've got a $32 million, I guess, loss in the other segment, I guess, income -- sorry, it's Other Income expenses of $32 million.
Debra L. Reed: Okay. Can you -- Faisel you're kind of fading out. Can you repeat that question? I'm sorry.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, sure. In Table F in your release you guys talked about a -- there's a $32 million expense under Parent & Other. It's I guess in the Other income and expense net. I'm just trying to figure out what that is. It's a big number year-over-year, and it is also another -- this is a large income tax item too. So I just want to understand what those movements are.
Debra L. Reed: Okay. Joe? I'm going to have Joe handle the details on that.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, Faisel. As Bruce was mentioning earlier on the Mexican tax issue, we have the FX and inflation effect on monetary assets in Mexico and we hedged that so that we don't have cash flow and earnings fluctuations from that but the hedge is at the Parent so there is a hedge loss in that $32 million number and the income tax benefit is the Mexican tax benefit that is offsetting that down in there. So that's what's going on. I don’t know if we give the actual -- if you have the actual number.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That’s the main driver. Okay, that actually makes sense. Okay, I appreciate that.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, that's what's happening there. The other thing I'd mentioned in that column is that in the $17 million right above the $32 million, we have a small adjustment to our net book value in the RBS Sempra Commodities, which resulted in about a $10 million after-tax impairment there. So that's what that $17 million is.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got you. And SDG&E, the earnings attributable to non-controlling interest, that negative $21 million. It's a very large change over the last years; I was just trying to know what that is, too.
Joseph A. Householder: It's from the Calpine Otay Mesa plant that we have to consolidate.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So it's a variable interest rate entity or something, right?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, that's right.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. That's right.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Winfried Fruehauf from W. Fruehauf Consulting Limited.
Winfried Fruehauf - Fruehauf consulting: Regarding the termination of the contract with the California DWR, what is the estimated annual loss in earnings resulting from that termination of the contract?
Debra L. Reed: Well, Winfried, as you know the contract expired on the 30th of September. And I would say that the impact of that was fully considered in our guidance that we gave you, that when we gave you the guidance and Jeff went through all of this at the analyst meeting, that impact was fully considered in our guidance, and we don't disclose details on specific contracts. But I would say that there's been some positive things happened since that time, including us contracting with spur for 240 megawatts, and we just are seeing some increased value of those assets. So I think if you look at our guidance, you can pretty well determine what we're anticipating there.
Winfried Fruehauf - Fruehauf consulting: And have you any other plans to mitigate the impact of the loss of earnings from that contract with the California DWR?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, we do. And I'll have Mark talk about some of the things we're doing. But certainly one of the things I want to stress is that we are really ahead of our plan on renewables. We had planned to add another 1,000 megawatts, over the 5-year period. We're more than halfway there already. So those are the kinds of things that, and Mark you want to?
Mark A. Snell: Yes. Look, I think we've already done that. We've taken a couple of steps already. One, we've signed some long-term contracts, as Debbie mentioned, with other counterparties that are going to start in the next couple of years. And they're fairly good-sized. The other thing we did, of course was we did, as part of the DWR contract litigation settlement, agreed to transfer El Dorado into the utility at base. So we're really -- we're down -- we have 2 plants that were in the market marketing and taking a look at what we can do to enhance our value. And we're making some real progress on that and then, also as a part of the strategic review, we continue to evaluate the progress that we're making on that against what we could sell those plats for in the market. So I think we're always sort of open to doing whatever we think is in our shareholders' best interest.
Debra L. Reed: Before we go on to the next question, I'd like to clarify or modify an answer that we gave earlier. When we were looking at the percentage of foreign earnings coming out of our Pipelines & Storage business, we talked about 60% coming from our key utilities, and that is correct. The part that we didn't include is all of our Mexico operations, and so the percentage of the Pipeline & Storage earnings that are foreign is about 90%.
Winfried Fruehauf - Fruehauf consulting: I have one more question, if I may, and relates to the decrease in earnings from your natural gas fired generation plants, what caused those lower earnings?
Debra L. Reed: Mark?
Mark A. Snell: Well, the one was the tax thing that Joe had talked about already. And then the other was we did -- last year, we had about $6 million of mark-to-market gains in the amount and this year we had about a $5 million mark-to-market loss and so than net change of $11 million makes up really most of the difference.
Joseph A. Householder: And the TDM plant, this is Joe, Winfried. The TDM plant was down because of a fire for part of the period.
Mark A. Snell: Right.
Winfried Fruehauf - Fruehauf consulting: Okay. And are you expecting any insurance compensation for the outage?
Mark A. Snell: I don't think it was out long -- enough days to collect on the insurance, but there might be some small recovery.
Winfried Fruehauf - Fruehauf consulting: So other than this fire, there were no operational reasons that contributed to the lower earnings?
Mark A. Snell: No. No, there's no operational reasons but the market for power was lower in the period than it was in the year-ago period, too.
Winfried Fruehauf - Fruehauf consulting: So notwithstanding favorable natural gas cost, that advantage was wiped out either in whole or in part by lower electricity prices?
Mark A. Snell: Well, yes. I mean, I guess when you're in the generation business and you have very efficient plants, favorable natural gas prices don't always help you, right. Because a lot of times that is -- as you have lower gas prices, that tends to lower your advantage.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kit Konolige from Ticonderoga.
Kit Konolige - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: I think, Debbie, you mentioned in the GRC that the filing, so far, I think you set the stage now for settlement discussions. Can you discuss any, say, a likelihood that it will reach a settlement? And if it does, what the timing on the settlement might be?
Debra L. Reed: Well, once all the parties have filed their testimony as has now been done, then this is the time when we can begin some settlement discussions. And I cannot comment on settlement discussions because they're confidential, but I can tell you that we have settled all of our last several rate cases, and we think that in terms of what our past practice has been, that we would very much like to work with the parties and see if we can settle this rate case as well. But we're pleased -- also if we need to go to litigation on it, we can go to litigation because we think we have a very strong case. So we'll see if we can reach settlement. We've had a history of doing that. But if we can't, we are prepared to go into hearings in December.
Kit Konolige - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: And would they -- if there were to be a settlement based on your history, when might that occur relative to, say, the December hearings or the March kind of litigated decision timeline?
Debra L. Reed: Well, that's hard to call because we've had some settlements that occurred before the hearings began, some settlement that occurred during the course of hearings and some settlements after the hearings when the case was wrapped up. So I would say sometime during the next 6 months would be likely. But to call it beyond that, I wouldn't be able to.
Kit Konolige - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: All right. One separate area, if I could. You talked about the pipeline safety initiative and the higher spending that might be involved there. At what point do you get concerned that the level of CapEx for that kind of program, in addition to the other spend you're doing at the utilities, starts to imply rate increases that get difficult to see implemented, so that such that you can earn the allowed return?
Debra L. Reed: Let me address that because I think that the thing that is fortunate for us is that SoCalGas has some of the lowest bills in the country. Our average gas bills are $40 to $50 on an annual average basis. So we have very, very low gas bills. And so I think that because of the focus on safety and because of the need to make these kinds of investments in the system, I think there is room in those bills to accommodate this kind of a expenditures and because we start with very low bills.
Kit Konolige - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Fair enough. And does the gas initiative apply to SDG&E as well?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, it does apply to SDG&E. But as I said, most of the dollars are on the SoCalGas side. Over the next 5 years, we're only requesting about $200 million on the SDG&E capital side. And the $3.1 billion includes both utilities.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Sigal from Canaccord Genuity.
Mark Sigal - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Could you provide an update on the timeline on your smart metering project at SoCalGas? And then also has the introduction of an opt out clause or an opt out option on some of the electric meter -- AMI projects going on right now had any impact on your planning or the scale of your gas project?
Debra L. Reed: On the SoCalGas side, we will start with -- we're doing all the IT work, the systems work right now for the AMI rollout, and we will start putting meters in at the end of next year beginning of 2013, and we will go through 2017 with our installations. As far as the opt out, it's interesting, we haven't had, on the SDG&E side, a big desire by customers to opt out. We've had basically virtually no complaints on our smart meter program at SDG&E. But I would say that what we did is upfront we spent a lot of time acquainting customers with the system, what the advantages are, how to opt -- how to use this to their benefit. And so I think that we would be doing the same types of things at SoCalGas. And on the SDG&E side, we're nearly finished. We're at about 98% completion right now. And I think our total complaints were like 0.16% of customers. So I mean, it's nothing. So I think we had good experience at SDG&E, we will apply that experience to SoCal.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vedula Murti from CDP Capital.
Vedula Murti - Tribeca Global Management: I'm wondering in terms of if there was ultimately going to be some tax changes in terms of foreign repatriation and that type of thing, can you quantify, like in aggregate, like what type of investment dollars or income that had the ability or cash that you have that is offshore right now that might be able to be repatriated back into the United States at some point in time that can either help fund the capital program or any other types of entries you might choose?
Debra L. Reed: Well, this is something that we are very much on top of. We have been involved in trying to work on a territorial tax system for the reasons that you say. Because over time, we do produce a lot of cash offshore that we would like to be able to bring back. So I'll have go Joe through the particulars of how that builds up over time.
Joseph A. Householder: Vedula, we support, as Debbie said, either a territorial system or lowering the corporate tax rate in the U.S. or both, and we're very encouraged by the dialogue that's happening now and the recent draft legislation from the House Ways and Means Committee. You asked a question about what we would do if there were sort of a temporary bill, a tax holiday if you will, and we're prepared. We have plans in place and we're prepared to lever up all 3 of the businesses, where we have operations, and we're fairly low debt levels in each of those 3 countries. But recall also that we have very attractive growth opportunities in each of those 3 countries. So we do have opportunity to spend the money there. But I think if we have the chance of repatriating some money, we probably would -- probably lever up and bring back at least $1 billion.
Vedula Murti - Tribeca Global Management: Okay. And that would be, so $1 billion you'd be able to come back to United States to help fund the utility capital program or the other U.S. [indiscernible] or businesses?
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. Money’s fungible so it’d go for our whole capital program, wherever that may be or other resource needs that we have.
Vedula Murti - Tribeca Global Management: And at this point, when you lay out your capital program and financing, and everything like that, you make no assumptions that actually occurs?
Joseph A. Householder: We do not.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ashar Khan from Visium.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Can I just ask, you mentioned that depending upon the wildfire insurance proceeds it will depend where you end up as part of the guidance. What is in the dispute over there, the amount or getting it this quarter?
Debra L. Reed: I'll address that, Ashar, good morning to you. We have filings before the CPUC now that would provide for a recovery of about $50 million on an after-tax basis. And last year, we got a decision granting us this incremental amount for wildfire insurance. And this year, we followed the process, which was to file an advice letter which we did for part of this in April and part of it in September. So if you look at the history, we recovered these amounts last year, the issue that we don't know when a CPUC decision might come out for this year, for the $50-plus million of earnings that we're waiting for from the incremental fire recovery.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: So the issue is only that it might go from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, right? So that's the issue. It's not the amount?
Debra L. Reed: I can't speak of what the commission will do, but I can tell you that last year, they approved the recovery of a filing that we had for $29 million or $16 million after tax. And we recovered all of that in December of last year. What the commission does going forward, I can't say what they're going to do but we had a history of recovery, and now it's largely a timing issue.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Worms from BMO.
Michael S. Worms - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: This may be a question more for Mark. But with regard to the Cameron facility and developing the liquefaction plant, and I know it's very early in the process and there's a DOE review at least at some point, but what other regulatory approvals might you need? And let's just assume for argument's sake that at some point you get a green light and you go forward with all of this, what's the time frame from at that point to completion when the liquefaction plant will actually be operating? How long are we looking at? 3 years, 5 years?
Debra L. Reed: I'll have Mark answer those questions for you.
Mark A. Snell: Okay. Well, look, on the regulatory side, the other fairly big permit that you need is from the FERC as well, and then there's a host of other construction and environmental permits and those kinds of things that you’d have to go through in that area. But I think the FERC permit could be a 12- to 18-month kind of process. Beyond that, the construction period, it will depend a lot on the type of facility, the size and how long it will take. But it could be -- you would, look, think of this as a couple of year construction period at a minimum. And so it's fairly far down the line. And really our purpose in highlighting it today is because of the swirl of activity around it. And also because we do plan to file for our DOE permit, and you're going to see that as a public filing and we wanted to give you a heads-up on that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go next to Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This may be a Jeff Martin question. Just curious in terms of when you're looking out at the California and Nevada and the Arizona utilities, where we are in terms of the RFP or the RFO cycle? Meaning, when was the last time RFPs were issued by the 3 big California utilities, the Arizona and Nevada ones, when do you expect to get answers back from them? When would decisions likely occur?
Debra L. Reed: Well, as I mentioned, we're already, we're successful in the spur deal for 240 megawatts, and there is an RFP that is out right now. And so I'll have Mark talk about that and the timing.
Mark A. Snell: I can't disclose a lot about the RFP process other than to say that all of the Nevada and Arizona utilities are looking at different opportunities to change their generation mix, the desire to kind of wean themselves off of coal, move into natural gas fired generation and also to move into renewables is strong. We're working with all the interested parties on a lot of different projects. But they're – they'll kind of get done when they get done. And there isn't really a season for this, although that they do tend to try to solidify their summer, their peak load needs early, early on. But most of these are multi-year types of engagements. And so they're not really geared towards sort of the -- it's not just like, we're not just looking for next summer. They're looking for multi-year kind of commitments.
Operator: And with no further questions in the queue, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Debbie Reed for any closing remarks.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thank you for joining us for Sempra's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Steve Davis, Scott or Victor, and have a great day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-09 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph Householder - Chief Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Controller Donald Felsinger - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee Debra Reed - Chief Executive Officer and Director Steven Davis - Vice President of Investor Relations Neal Schmale - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Mark Snell - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Davis. Please go ahead, sir.
Steven Davis: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I’m Steve Davis, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's second quarter 2011 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team, including Don Felsinger, Executive Chairman; Debbie Reed, Chief Executive Officer; Neal Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller. You'll note that Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Please remember that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know, they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, so future results may differ materially from those expressed on our call. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are described at the bottom of today’s press release and are further discussed in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis. With that, I'll turn it over to Don.
Donald Felsinger: Thanks, Steve, and thank you all for joining us. I'd like to begin today's call by commenting on our recent CEO succession process. We'll then review our second quarter financial results and then provide an operational update on our businesses. In light of Neal Schmale's retirement later this year and my retirement next year, our board engaged in a thoughtful year-long process to ensure a smooth leadership succession.  That process culminated in the election of Debbie Reed as CEO and as a Sempra board member. As many of you know, Debbie has a broad understanding of the energy industry and has excelled in her 30-year career with the Sempra companies. She has demonstrated outstanding leadership at every level of responsibility. She is also well respected by key stakeholders that we interface with, including customers, regulators, elected officials community leaders and our employees. Given this, we decided that she was the right person to lead the company going forward. Once the decision was reached that Debbie would succeed me as CEO, we decided to make that transition effective immediately. This timing provides Debbie with the opportunity to focus on Sempra's annual strategic review of our business. Additionally, this timing allows Neal and me to provide support and guidance to Debbie and the rest of the organization during this transition until our retirements.  We have an excellent management team in place to take the company forward. The board and I are confident that Debbie, Mark, the business unit presidents and the rest of the management team will continue our excellent track record of creating shareholder value and delivering great service to our customers. Now I'd like to hand the call over to Debbie.
Debra Reed: Thanks, Don. I'm pleased to join you all in my new role today. Before I review our second quarter results with you, I would like to address the question some of you have asked concerning my strategic vision for Sempra.  I want to start by reiterating that our strategy has been and will continue to be focused on regulated utilities and contracted energy infrastructure. It is a space within our sector where we have demonstrated success and one in which we have deep competency.  As Don mentioned, we have just begun our annual strategic review at Sempra in which we update our 5-year business plan. This year, I have 3 objectives that we will complete as part of this process. First, we will conduct a thorough market assessment of the short- and long-term business environment in which we operate. We will be analyzing market trends to identify opportunities and risks. As an example, environmental regulations are prompting retirements of coal plant, at the same time that nuclear plant development has been substantially slowed. This trend is likely to create opportunities for natural gas-fired generation and the development of new gas infrastructure, including storage.  Secondly, we will be reviewing the current and expected performance of our asset portfolio considering market cycles and focusing on getting the greatest value from these assets. We will develop specific strategies for assets not meeting our return expectation in this market environment. Lastly, we will put in place the organization and leadership to execute and deliver on our plan. I feel fortunate to have Don, Neal, Mark and the rest of the management team available to draw upon and support me in this process as I transition into my new role.  As always, we will update you on any developments on our quarterly earnings call and at our analyst conference next spring.  Now let's move on to the review of our second quarter and year-to-date financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter earnings of $511 million or $2.12 per share compared with $222 million or $0.89 per share in the same period last year. This year's second quarter earnings included a gain of $277 million or $1.15 per share, reflecting the write-up in the value of the company's original investments in Chile and Peru.  This was a result of the acquisition of a controlling interest in those utilities during the quarter. Excluding the impact of this gain, our quarterly earnings per share increased by 9%. Earnings for the first 6 months of 2011 were $769 million or $3.19 per share compared with $328 million or $1.31 per share in 2010. First quarter 2010 earnings included an after-tax charge of $96 million or $0.38 per share related to a litigation settlement. Our financial performance for the first half of the year is in line with our expectations for this point in the year and on a full year basis. We remain on track to generate earnings of $4 to $4.30 per share. This, of course, excludes the impact of the write-up that we recognized this quarter.  While our earnings in the second half of the year will be impacted by the expiration of Sempra Generation's 10-year contract with the California Department of Water Resources at the end of the third quarter, we expect higher second half earnings at our California utilities consistent with our past performance. Additionally, we are expecting the contribution from some regulatory matters that we anticipate to be resolved later this year. SDG&E will be requesting the CPUC's approval to recover a total of about $90 million of increased wildfire insurance costs from July 2010 through December of this year. About $60 million of that has already been requested, and we expect to file a request in the third quarter of this year for an additional $30 million.  You may recall that late last year, the commission allowed SDG&E to recover $29 million of insurance costs for the July 2009 to June 2010 policy period. It also provided guidance for future recovery requests until our next general rate case, and our 2 requests will be consistent with that guidance. The other regulatory matters that we anticipate to be resolved by the end of the year are applications for $17 million of energy efficiency awards for SDG&E and SoCalGas and a $6 million gas cost incentive mechanism award at SoCalGas. I'd note that all the items I just described are on a pretax basis. Now I'd like to hand it over to Mark, so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results beginning with Slide 4.
Mark Snell: Thanks, Debbie. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the second quarter of 2011 were $71 million compared with earnings of $75 million in the year-ago quarter. The small variance was due to higher AFUDC earnings, which were more than offset by higher litigation expense and insurance premiums.  For the 6 months of 2011, SDG&E's earnings were $160 million, which is in line with the $158 million of earnings last year. At Southern California Gas Co., second quarter 2011 earnings were $59 million compared with $69 million in the second quarter of 2010.  The second quarter of this year was impacted by $5 million from lower storage revenues and higher expenses net of higher CPUC authorized margin and a $4 million adjustment to prior year employee benefit costs. For the 6 months of 2011, SoCalGas' earnings were $127 million compared with $134 million of earnings last year.  Now let's go to Slide 5. Sempra Pipelines & Storage recorded earnings of $337 million in the second quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $39 million in the same quarter of 2010. Excluding the impact of the $277 million gain, earnings were $60 million for the quarter, and the quarter benefited from $14 million of higher earnings from our increased ownership stake in the utilities in Chile and Peru and also from $5 million of higher earnings from the pipeline assets in Mexico, which were acquired in the second quarter of 2010. For the first half of 2011, Sempra Pipelines & Storage had earnings of $391 million. Excluding the impact of the $277 million gain this year, earnings were $114 million for the first half of 2011 compared with $77 million last year. The increase was mainly due to $20 million higher earnings from Chile and Peru and $13 million higher earnings from Mexican pipeline assets.  Now let's go to Slide 6. Sempra LNG had earnings of $18 million in the second quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $13 million in the prior year's period. For the first 6 months of 2011, Sempra LNG's earnings were $51 million, up from $45 million last year. Both the second quarter and year-to-date 2011 results included $11 million higher earnings from customer payments related to the nondelivery of contracted cargoes.  Now please move to Slide 7. Our generation business recorded earnings of $50 million in the second quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $52 million in the same quarter of 2010. For the first 6 months of 2011, Sempra Generation's earnings were $94 million, up from $1 million of earnings last year.  Last year's results included an $84 million charge related to a litigation settlement in the first quarter. The improvement in earnings was also due to $15 million of lower operating and maintenance costs as a result of scheduled plant maintenance and earthquake damage to our Mexicali power plant in 2010. This was offset by $4 million higher depreciation expense this year. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Debbie, who will begin with Slide 8.
Debra Reed: Thanks, Mark. Now let me update you on activities at our California utilities. Last month, SDG&E and SoCalGas filed updates to their general rate case applications, which reflect the impact of bonus depreciation.  The updates were consistent with what we had included in the guidance provided you in March. The CPUC schedule for the rate cases call for intervener testimony in September, hearings late in the year and a final CPUC decision around March of 2012. The CPUC has already approved making the new rates established by these rate cases retroactive to January 1, 2012.  Another important regulatory proceeding is the CPUC's examination of what changes should be made to natural gas pipelines following the tragedy in San Bruno. As we talked about on our last call, the CPUC requested records supporting maximum allowable operating pressures for 1,600 miles out of 4,000 miles of Department of Transportation defined transmission pipelines that SoCalGas and SDG&E operate.  We conducted an extensive review, which renewed our confidence that the maximum pressures on our systems have been appropriately set in accordance with current regulation, and that we operate our systems safely. The CPUC has also directed the natural gas utilities in California to file implementation plans to comply with new requirements to test or replace all transmission pipelines that have not been pressure tested. We will submit our plan to the CPUC by August 26. We believe that complying with these new requirements has the potential of increasing capital spending at our utilities, particularly at SoCalGas, by several hundred million dollars per year over a 10-year period. But it will ultimately be the commission's decision to set the appropriate level of spending going forward. Both SoCalGas and SDG&E expect full recovery for all incremental costs related to complying with the new requirement.  Please go to Slide 9. Now let's move on to some of the major utility projects. For the $1.9 billion Sunrise Powerlink project, construction is progressing as planned. The project is on budget and is now about 30% complete. We continue to expect to complete the line in the second half of next year.  Turning to SDG&E Smart Meter program, this project is now essentially complete. The mass deployment phase has concluded as of the end of the second quarter over 1.3 million electric and 850,000 gas meters have been installed. I'd also mention that SoCalGas' advanced metering project is on track and the upgrade of 6 million natural gas meters is expected to begin next year. As for the push towards meeting the 33% renewables target, SDG&E has made significant progress this year. Since the beginning of the year, contracts for more than 1,200 megawatts of renewable energy have been added to its portfolio. One renewable project that I'd like to highlight is Rim Rock, which is a 189-megawatt wind project that demonstrates a unique approach to helping meet the renewable goals at SDG&E.  Last month, the CPUC unanimously voted to allow SDG&E to make a tax equity investment for up to $250 million in the Rim Rock project. The investment will be included in rate base and represents the first regulated tax equity structure in the nation.  We will also make an additional shareholder investment in the project, which is expected to be about $40 million and should earn a utility-like return. This innovative structure benefits customers by lowering costs for clean energy and serves as a model for future projects.  Now let's move to the next slide. Last week, we announced the expansion of our Copper Mountain Solar complex in Nevada. The project, creatively called Copper Mountain 2, is supported by a 25-year power sales contract with PG&E that is now pending approval by the CPUC. We expect 92 megawatts to be complete by January of 2013 and 58 megawatts by 2015. And at the end of the second quarter, the 250-megawatt Cedar Creek 2 wind project at Colorado was also placed in service. This project is a 50-50 joint venture with BP Wind. There is a 25-year agreement in place with a utility subsidiary of Xcel Energy for the sale of the project's power.  At our last analyst conference in March, we discussed plans to develop 1,000 megawatts of renewable capacity at Sempra Generation over the next 5 years. Already, half of this goal has been met with projects that have been completed and under construction or have been contracted. Also, out of these 500 megawatts, about 300 megawatts have already received the necessary regulatory approvals. We are developing and building a robust pipeline of renewable projects, and including in our slide presentation is an appendix summarizing these projects that we've launched today.  In addition to the 1,000 megawatts in our 5-year plan, we have the potential for roughly 1,700 megawatts of additional renewable projects based upon our existing land position. I'd also like to update you on our efforts to maximize the value of Sempra Generation's natural gas plants. We recently signed a 25-year agreement to supply 240 megawatts of electricity to an association of electric utilities in Arizona and southern Nevada. The contract, which starts in 2015, provides us with an attractive long-term strategic hedge for a significant portion of our existing generation capacity at Palo Verde and serves as a platform for further optimization of the 2 remaining gas-fired plants we will have following the transfer of El Dorado to SDG&E on October 1 of this year. By the way, I'd also like to share with you that I recently visited Peru and had the opportunity to meet with Peru's new president as well as the prime minister and energy minister. We had a very constructive meeting, and it gave me confidence that the positive regulatory framework our electric utility has operated under for over a decade will continue. There is great interest in ensuring that Peru has a robust electric grid and increased generation capacity to keep up with its economic growth. Now please turn to the final slide. We're pleased that we're on track to meet our guidance for the year, and I have confidence that our utilities will deliver strong results in the second half of this year consistent with our long track record of solid performance. The major projects at our California utilities are moving forward according to plan and our infrastructure businesses are performing well.  Before I open up the call to take questions, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge the fact that this is Neal Schmale's final earnings call before his retirement later this year. In his prior role as Chief Financial Officer and his current role as President and Chief Operating Officer, Neal has made countless significant contributions to Sempra Energy in his 13 years with the company. I want to thank him for his leadership and dedication to our company and wish him the very best in his retirement. With that, I'll stop and open up the call to take any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Faisel Khan of Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: On the power generation contract I believe you guys signed at Sempra Generation, about the 25-year contract for 240 megawatts beginning in 2015, can you guys talk about that a little bit more in terms of what the pricing outlook is for that? I know we have the contract falling off at the end of the year. What does -- what is that contract exactly -- how this is structured?
Debra Reed: I would just say that we're not going to disclose the commercial terms. But we feel that this is a really good starting point for hedging our fleet and we feel very positive about the contract. We think it's good for the customer and very good for our business as well.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, fair enough. And then if you could give us a little update on what -- how you guys are thinking about some of your gas infrastructure assets within the U.S., particularly your equity investment in REX and your storage assets and your LNG assets, are you guys still thinking about or do you ever look at the MLP structure and how that could enhance the value of Sempra stock or how that might help you guys grow that business a little bit further?
Debra Reed: Well, Faisal, I will start and then I'll ask Mark to add anything to that. As was mentioned, we're engaged right now in our strategy works that we do every year around this time. And those are the kinds of questions that we're looking at as part of the strategy work. We're looking at every asset we have and what's the best structure for that asset. Is it an asset that we can add assets to and increase the value and what is the best way to maximize the value of our existing investment? And certainly, we will look at structures like MLPs as part of that. Mark do you want to add anything?
Mark Snell: Yes, I would just say, we've looked at it in the past and I think we're focused on it now and I would expect that we would -- I don't know that we'll go exactly the MLP route but I do think that we'll do something to maximize the value of our assets. But that's certainly an option that's open and we're exploring it in the current market.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then, have you guys also looked at the liquefaction option at your Cameron facility? Is that still a possibility or do you -- how are you guys thinking about that?
Debra Reed: I would say that, that is a possibility if we can get long-term contracts from a credit worthy counterparty for that. I think Don has stated before and I would reaffirm that my view is we're not going to do that unless we can have long-term contracts in place. But certainly, that's something that we're looking at with other parties.
Operator: We'll go to Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The tax rate for the second quarter seemed a bit low and I was wondering if you could sort of describe what's going on there and if there's been any change in the tax rate outlook for this year and others?
Debra Reed: I'm going to ask Joe Householder to answer that.
Joseph Householder: This is Joe. Our tax rate is right in line with what Mark presented at the analyst conference, roughly about 30% for 2011. The low rate you're seeing in the statement of operations is simply due to the noncash book gain we had on the step-up of our basis of the preexisting Chile/Peru equity investment, so that's why it's 17% and 25% or so. But we're really at the 30% rate if you take that gain out.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. And then, you guys have thought about a buyback and with the falloff in the share price and what have you, I was wondering if you guys might want to sort of talk about what your current thinking on that might be or how you're looking at that in relation to some of the activity we've seen in the market in your stock?
Debra Reed: I'm going to ask Mark to address that. We've had a number of discussions, so.
Mark Snell: Well, certainly, we think our stock is an excellent investment right now. But I do think -- we are still looking at where we come out at SoCalGas with the increased capital spending that we fully expect to have to pay or to have to invest for the next couple of years, and as we've said, it's probably to the tune of several hundred millions of dollars a year for a multi-year period. And so once we know what those numbers are, then we can think about whether there's room to do any kind of buyback or anything like that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So we're probably talking in terms of timing still a ways off, is that how we should think about it?
Mark Snell: Yes, I would think we wouldn't make any decisions until the fourth quarter.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then the pipeline analysis, it sounds like you guys have done a thorough analysis and you're okay with the pressure. Another company in California has had quite a few things come out, I guess, as part of their review in terms of past practices and other issues perhaps not directly related to pressure. Can you guys tell us if there's anything potentially like that, that you guys are seeing or any revelations that you guys have had about your -- with your safety review that might be noteworthy?
Debra Reed: I will just say that we have had people doing thorough reviews because we've had the same reporting requirements to the CPUC as other companies in California have had, and that we have not found anything that concerns us in terms of our past practices or how we operate our pipelines. We operate our system very safely. We have looked at lessons learned from the San Bruno incident and are making modifications going forward that we think would improve our responsiveness if something like that occurred. But we have not found any deep concerns at all in terms of the way we've operated our system. And we just had a recent audit of this by the CPUC and they didn't find any concerns either that's significant.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Barnett of Morningstar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc.: Couple of just real quick questions. With the tax equity investment alongside just the normal equity investment in -- was it Rock Rim, sorry, are you considering doing that maybe outside of just wind or I mean, is there like a sort of a targeted technology? I mean maybe you might be considering geothermal investments as well or perhaps solar?
Debra Reed: What we've looked at thus far is most of the projects we focused in on have been on the wind side, but it wouldn't preclude doing other technologies. I would stress that this investment is being done within SDG&E, within the regulated company, and so the big issue there is ensuring that the entire structure is a benefit for customers as well. So if there was a competitive solar deal that could be structured in the same way and provide benefits to customers, we would certainly consider that.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc.: Would you be considering kind of the same set up where the tax equity investment alongside the equity?
Debra Reed: Yes, on the geothermal, I don't think that, that would -- we would be looking at that. But in this case, this was a regulatory structure that was negotiated as part of a settlement. And that the CPUC basically had the structure approved where we would have the rate based investment and then we would have a shareholder investment alongside of that. So my sense is that, that would be the type of structure that they would want us to have going forward.
Mark Snell: Mark, this is Mark Snell. The one thing on that would be is the tax equity helped us get a lower cost to customers because it lowered the financing cost for the developer and any of those. And that would be -- that same structure could work very well with a solar development, as well as wind. Anything that has a high tax component to it, we think it could be effective and literally -- I mean, it is one of the few times where it is sort of a win-win for everybody. We get lower pricing for customers, the developer gets -- has lower cost and we get a tax benefit at the utility that's shared with the shareholders. So all of that kind of works out well.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar Inc.: Okay. And then just one more quick question on the PEMEX assets, has there been any further discussion around those remaining kind of assets in the JV? Or is it just going to sit pat for now?
Debra Reed: Well, as far as the PEMEX assets, right now, we're working with PEMEX on some potential growth projects. There has been no additional movement in terms of them exiting the partnership. But as long as we remain in the partnership, we believe that there will be a number of growth projects that we could do jointly. So that's where that stands at this time.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ashar Khan of Visium.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Just wanted to check in, where do we stand on distributions from the sale of the commodity business, could you just help us where we are in that? Have you gotten everything or just still -- how much more is there to go?
Debra Reed: Well, we've gotten about -- we expect to get between $1.8 billion and $1.9 billion. We've gotten a little over $1.4 billion, and we would expect to get the remaining $400 million to $450 million by the first quarter of next year. And we did get about $320 million in April of this year as a distribution.
Mark Snell: Yes, and we're kind of on a quarterly distribution schedule. We should get another $100 million here in a week or so.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: And Debbie, as you guys go through the strategic review, I guess, one thing as we've gone through the sale of the commodity business to make it more simple and all that, it's still -- I don't know we're still not getting the multiple, and I don't know, is there some way you're thinking how to simplify it to the investor base, so the I guess, the different components of the businesses get their multiples reflected into the price? I'm trying to see which way you are thinking about strategically as you think over the fall.
Debra Reed: Yes, I would say that, that is one thing that we will be looking at. We'll be looking at all of our businesses and the long-term value of those businesses in our portfolio. We will also be looking at how do we focus on increasing some of our domestic earnings growth. And so those will be things that will be part of the strategy work. And since -- and I've just been in this job a month, I can't tell you much more than that, but we will be doing that work over the next few months.
Operator: And our next question will come from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Your Latin American businesses, can you talk to us -- I think one of the times we were out there meeting with you guys, your -- George had discussed and I think in the follow-on, you all had about significant potential growth opportunities around your Peruvian and your business in Chile. Can you just talk about whether those growth opportunities are adding bolt-on distribution businesses or are they branching out in other things like hydro or electric transmission?
Debra Reed: Yes, I'd be happy to talk about that. As I mentioned, I was down meeting with the new president, the energy minister and the prime minister, and they are very interested in seeing that more electric generation gets built. And in Peru, we are working right now on our first hydro project, that will be about 100-megawatt project to be completed over the next couple of years. That project will then give us an opportunity to do more. But I want to stress just in our basic distribution area, kind of our basic growth in our Chilean and Peruvian businesses so you get a good sense of that. If you look at the customer growth that we're seeing in those businesses, it's about 2.5% a year. If you look at the sales growth in those businesses, it's about 5.5% to 7% per year. And we are interested, and if there are some potential distribution companies that could be consolidated and we feel that they would be wise investments for us, we would certainly consider those investments as well. It does have a very high growth environment and have a very stable regulatory environment, which we believe will continue.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. And one follow-up. Can you talk about the capitalization of the business and if growth opportunities don't emerge, whether there's a potential to recapitalize that business and eventually to bring back some incremental capital back to the U.S. or use it for like investment in Mexico or elsewhere?
Debra Reed: Yes, there is some opportunities, and I'll have Mark go through the details of that.
Mark Snell: Of course, all of the expansion projects and even the acquisitions that we could possibly do in South America would all be funded at the local level down there. We have additional borrowing capacity at that level, and we also have offshore cash that we could use to invest there. So we wouldn't anticipate funding from the U.S. to grow those businesses. We would anticipate doing that there locally. And then obviously, we, like a lot of other companies in the U.S., are lobbying and talking about some kind of change in the tax system that would allow U.S. companies to bring cash home and invest in opportunities here. And we certainly are poised and ready to take advantage of that if that should happen. But we have in our models also anticipated that even if it didn't happen, at some point in development we will have enough cash, we will have to bring some of it home. And of course, we have to pay the taxes on that. But we think the right answer right now is since we have good investment opportunities is to continue to invest that money offshore.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: How sizable is that? Meaning like if you were to make the decision to bring back some of the capital today, what are we talking about?
Mark Snell: Well, in our 5-year plan, we'd build up about $1 billion of offshore cash over the 5-year planning period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take a follow-up from Faisel Khan.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Sorry, guys, just a couple more questions. I think there's talk of this brass LNG project maybe moving forward, and I think you guys might have a small stake in that project. Are you still interested in participating in that project? Or is that something that you have to review?
Debra Reed: I would say that we're looking at all opportunities in terms of that, and I'm going to ask Neal to put some color around it.
Neal Schmale: Yes, this is Neal Schmale. And we did have an interest in acquiring a small stake in that project, emphasize the word small, and the project like all of these takes a long time to get going. But I think the general idea is that to acquire molecules of LNG internationally will allow us to improve that business.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, understood. And then on the SoCalGas side, you guys talked about kind of lower storage revenues. Can you highlight that a little bit more or go into that a little more? What causes those storage revenues to be lower? I thought that was mostly a regulated business, but I guess there's a little bit of industrial and power generation load that affects that number?
Debra Reed: Yes, it is a regulated business and on the storage piece, so we have an incentive design that allows us to make some additional money by selling storage at a premium to some of the market pricing and packaging storage in creative ways. And we've earned incentive historically, earned some incentives this year for that, but the incentives were less this year than we've had in the prior year. That's all that's happening there. And there was a couple of million dollars on a pretax basis and nothing real significant.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then just, is your Sunrise, when I look at the CapEx for the first 6 months and is it possible to break out kind of what Sunrise and the Smart Meter programs was, because these are very distinct projects that will -- that have come to a close or will come to a close in the near future, so that represents kind of a ramp down I guess CapEx although I think some of your other...
Debra Reed: Yes, for Sunrise, the number was $347 million for the first 6 months of the year. And then for the Smart Meter CapEx, we were looking at a total this year of about $120 million for the entire year, and I don't have the number in front of me for the first 6 months. But it's pretty much -- it's in that range.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn it back over to Ms. Reed for closing remarks.
Debra Reed: Well, thank you for all joining us today. We really appreciate you being with us this morning. And if you have any questions, please don't hesitate to call Steve Davis, Victor or Scott with any follow-up. Thank you again. Bye-bye.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-09 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Allman - Chairman of Southern California Gas Company, Chief Executive Officer of Southern California Gas Company and President of Southern California Gas Company Steven Davis - Vice President of Investor Relations Donald Felsinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Mark Snell - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Mark Barnett - Morningstar Leslie Rich - Columbia Management
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Davis. Please go ahead, sir.
Steven Davis: Thank you, Rochelle. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I’m Steve Davis, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's first quarter 2011 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team, including Don Felsinger, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neal Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Debbie Reed, Executive Vice President; and Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller. You’ll note that Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Please remember that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know, they involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, so future results may differ materially from those expressed on our call. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are described at the bottom of today’s press release, and are further discussed in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It’s important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis. With that, I'll turn it over to Don, who will begin with Slide 3.
Donald Felsinger: Thanks, Steve. And again, thank you all for joining us. On today's call, we'll start by reviewing our first quarter financial results, and I'll then give you an operational update on our businesses. Early this morning, we reported first quarter earnings of $258 million or $1.07 per share, compared with $106 million or $0.42 per share in the same period last year.  The first quarter of last year included a $96 million or $0.38 per share charge related to the settlement of energy crisis litigation. Excluding the impact of this charge in last year's first quarter, our quarterly earnings per share increased by 34%. All of our businesses are performing well, and each of our business units reported an increase in earnings in the first quarter over the year-ago period.  There are 2 things I'd like to highlight before Mark goes into the details of the financial results. As we discussed at the March analyst conference, with our exit from the commodities trading business, we have refocused our strategy on regulated utilities and contracted energy infrastructure. This quarter's strong results across all of our business segments demonstrates our execution on that strategy going forward. And second, a key element of our renewable business strategy is in the contracting of our portfolio of projects at Sempra Generation. We recently received regulatory approval for the first 150-megawatt phase of the 700-megawatt Mesquite Solar project and signed contracts for 2 wind projects totaling about 175 megawatts. Now I'd like to hand it over to Mark, so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results beginning with Slide 4.
Mark Snell: Thanks, Don. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the first quarter of 2011 were $89 million compared with earnings of $83 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase was primarily due to $7 million of higher authorized margins, offset by $5 million of higher wildfire insurance premiums this year. And in last year's first quarter, we had a $3 million charge related to the passage of the healthcare bill. At Southern California Gas, first quarter 2011 earnings were $68 million. That's up from $65 million in the first quarter of 2010. Last year's results included a $7 million regulatory award and a $13 million tax charge related to passage of the healthcare bill.  Now let's go to Slide 5. Our generation business [Sempra Generation] recorded earnings of $44 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared with a loss of $51 million in the same quarter in 2010. The increase for the quarter is due to lower operating and maintenance costs, less scheduled plant maintenance and an $84 million charge related to a litigation settlement last year.  Now please move to Slide 6. Sempra Pipelines & Storage recorded earnings of $54 million in the first quarter of 2011, up from earnings of $38 million in the same quarter of 2010. The quarter benefited from $8 million of higher earnings from pipeline assets in Mexico, which were acquired in the second quarter of 2010, and from $6 million of higher operating results in Chile and Peru. I'd also like to mention that in the next quarter, we expect to report a onetime gain related to our increased ownership stake in Chile and Peru, due to a step-up of our prior investment to fair value. The size of the gain has not yet been determined, and it was not included in our earnings guidance that we previously provided for this year. So now let's please go to Slide 7. Sempra LNG had earnings of $33 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $32 million in the prior year's period. Both quarters included $11 million of earnings from customer payments related to contracted cargoes that were not delivered. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Don who'll begin with Slide 8.
Donald Felsinger: Thanks, Mark. Now let me update you on activities at our California utilities. Last month, Governor Brown signed into law California's Renewables Portfolio Standard legislation, which calls for a 33% renewables mix by 2020 for all retail providers of electricity in the state. You may recall that SDG&E had previously made a voluntary commitment to reach 33% renewable. Since the beginning of this year, SDG&E has signed contracts for about 700 megawatts of renewable energy and is well on its way to reaching a 33% threshold.  Now moving to Sunrise Powerlink. Construction on the project is well underway. We're now installing towers and have more than 100 towers in various stages of construction. The project is proceeding according to plan, and we expect to complete this line in the second half of next year.  And finally, at SDG&E and SoCalGas, we filed our applications for both utilities' 2012 general rate cases last December. The CPUC rate case plan calls for a decision in approximately March of next year with rates retroactive to January 1 of next year.  Now let's go to Slide 9. Earlier this year, the CPUC opened up proceedings to assess new safety and reliability regulations for natural gas pipelines following the tragedy in San Bruno. We fully support the commission's efforts and are actively participating in this process. Last month, SoCalGas and SDG&E responded to the commission's request for records supporting the maximum allowable operating pressures of their pipelines. This extensive review renewed our confidence that the maximum pressures on our systems have been appropriately set and that we operate our system safely.  Our utilities operate about 4,000 miles of transmission pipelines, and the records reviewed covered about 1,600 miles of those pipelines in populated areas. Federal regulation issued in 1970 requires specific documentation of pressure testing for transmission pipelines built after the regulation went into place. Approximately 500 miles of the pipelines were installed after 1970, and our records and operating procedures give us a very high degree of confidence that all of this pipeline has been pressure tested and is operating safely. Of the remaining 1,100 miles installed before 1970, we have records indicating that nearly 700 miles of this pipeline was pressure tested. The remaining 400 miles of pipeline had operating pressures determined by using alternate procedures under state and federal regulations. Of these, 170 miles have been smart-pigged, meaning sophisticated devices were inserted into the pipeline and inspected to make sure they are safe.  We also have extensive construction and/or operating records that support the maximum operating pressure on all of those pipelines. We have also voluntarily taken a number of precautions to provide an added margin of safety, including further reducing operating pressures in certain pipeline segments, conducting tests to validate pipeline strength, assessing possible replacement of certain segments and conducting bimonthly patrols and weekly surveys. I want to stress that safety is our top priority. We have a strong pipeline-integrity program in place, and our financial plan includes a significant amount of spending and investment in this area. The costs we've incurred this year to gather records has been less than $2 million, and we don't expect our utility earnings plans to be impacted by these efforts. We don't know what the commission will ultimately decide regarding new pipeline regulations but should new requirements result in incremental costs, we would expect to recover those costs. Now let's move to the next slide. At our analyst conference in March, we discussed plans to develop 1,000 megawatts of renewable capacity at Sempra Generation over the next 5 years. Just in the first 4 months of this year alone, we've made significant progress toward that goal. Last month, we received CPUC approval for a 20-year contract to sell PG&E the output of the first 150-megawatt phase of our Mesquite Solar project. Construction will begin next month, and we expect to complete this first phase of the project in early 2013. When fully developed, the Mesquite Solar complex has the potential to generate up to 700 megawatts of solar energy. Two of Sempra Generation's wind development projects also reached important milestones with the signing of long-term power sales contracts. Energía Sierra Juárez is a wind project located about 70 miles east of San Diego and just south of the U.S.-Mexico border. The first phase to be developed is a 156-megawatt project. Given our land position and the wind resource there, we have the opportunity to develop as much as 1,200 megawatts over time.  For the first 156-megawatt phase, SDG&E has signed a 20-year contract for the output from the facility. The contract is subject to approval by the CPUC and the FERC. Pending the receipt of these approvals, we expect to begin construction next year and to complete this phase of the project in 2013.  We've also reached a preliminary agreement with BP Wind Energy to bring them into the project as an equal partner. Sempra Generation also signed a 20-year power sales contract with Maui Electric for the 2,100-megawatt Auwahi Wind project on the island of Maui in Hawaii. The contract is subject to the approval of the Hawaiian Public Utilities Commission, and we expect the project will be operational late next year.  And finally, I'd like to mention that construction is almost complete at the 250-megawatt Cedar Creek II wind project in Colorado, and operations are expected to begin this quarter. This project is a 50/50 joint venture with BP Wind. Consistent with our long-term contracting strategy, there's a 25-year agreement in place for the sale of the project's power.  Now move to the next slide, if you would. Last month, Sempra Pipelines & Storage increased its ownership stake in 2 South American electric utilities. We now own 100% of Chilquinta Energía in Chile and 76% of Luz del Sur in Peru. Luz del Sur is a publicly traded company in Peru, and the remaining 24% of shares on Luz del Sur are held by institutional investors and the general public.  Last week, the groundbreaking of Luz del Sur's 98-megawatt Santa Teresa hydroelectric project was held in Peru. This $150 million run-of-the-river project marks Luz del Sur's entrance into generation and is expected to be complete in 2014. We're excited about the opportunities to grow the business in both Chile and Peru.  Now please go to the last slide. Let me conclude by saying that I'm very pleased with our strong financial results for the quarter, where refocusing of our strategy on regulated utilities and contracted energy infrastructure drove our strong results across all the business segments. These results have us on track and meet our earnings guidance for the year. I'm also proud of our recent accomplishments, which include contracting and development of renewable energy resources and closing the accretive South American acquisition. With that, let me stop, and we'll take any questions that any of you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question, we'll hear from Leslie Rich with JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Just have a question on your renewable CapEx. Given the progress that you've made during the first quarter and also, I think, the new information -- or, at least, I don't recall BP being an equal partner in that Sierra Juarez project -- is your CapEx for renewables still slated to be in the range of about $600 million next year?
Donald Felsinger: Do you mean next year or this year, Leslie?
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Well, this year. At your analyst presentation, you had about $200 million this year, about $600 million next year. So if these projects all do get regulatory approval moving forward, are those CapEx numbers still good? Or does, because BP is involved now, the CapEx number come down.
Donald Felsinger: I'll let Mark, take this.
Mark Snell: Leslie, no, there's about $600 million. We actually anticipated BP or a partner in these wind projects, and so that was in our plan.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay, great.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just a few quick things. The RBS investment, my understanding was that, that was going to be sort of coming down throughout the year. And it seems like it's pretty much holding in there. Could you elaborate a little bit what's going on in that in the balance sheet?
Donald Felsinger: I'll have Mark take you through this, but I think what we have stated is that by the end of this year, we'll recover all the investment out of the commodities joint venture.
Mark Snell: Yes, Paul, that's correct. What we did have happened -- unfortunately, it happened about 3 days after the quarter ended. We got about $330 million, so that reduced our investment, and you'll see that in the next quarter. And we're hoping to get kind of ratable payments over the next 3 quarters, bringing it down to 0 at year end.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. And then also you mentioned something about the wildlife reserve premium impacting earnings and I'm sorry; I just didn't get that. Could you just repeat that again?
Mark Snell: Okay, well what we had was about $5 million of additional insurance expense related to the wildfire insurance premium. Over, under -- at the utilities, under our old -- or our current rate case, we incurred higher cost related to wildfires for insurance. And we did recover some of that in the z-factor last year, and we may recover some of this later on. But right now, we don't have a recovery mechanism in place, and so it's being expensed.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. I noticed that the liability actually went down. I mean, the asset -- no, the liability I think went down about $150 million. I know there was a $300-million receivable that you guys had at the end of the year. Could you just describe just a little bit on the balance sheet what's going on with that reserve thing? Is that...?
Mark Snell: Yes, sure. Well, of course, that asset receivable has got -- it's separate and apart from the insurance premiums. But the liability going down is related to payments that we've made during the period. We paid about $100 million during the period, and we moved about $71 million to long-term because it won't be paid out for a couple of years.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then, just in terms of the pipeline, it sounds like you guys pretty much have all your records, and you're not finding any -- there doesn't seem to have any issue in terms of collecting all of that and what have you. And is that pretty much getting it right?
Donald Felsinger: Paul, no, I had anticipated that there would be some interest in this, and we invited Mike Allman, who is the CEO of that business to join us this morning. And Mike, would you like to respond?
Michael Allman: Yes, that's right Paul. We've completed a substantial review of our records, and we are really in pretty good shape at this point. So I'm happy with what we've found so far.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Have you guys asked for a memorandum account for this? Or do you think that's necessary?
Michael Allman: We did ask last week, and our expenses have been relatively low so far. We've been able to complete this review by reassigning existing resources, but last week we did file for a memo account to capture expenses going forward in case we need that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Just wanted to go over -- Mark, can you just -- is there any update? You had -- I believe there was some portion of earnings from the analyst day, like 9% for this year and 15% for next year, which were to be end of the contract and development projects. Has that number a little bit changed? And as we stand right now, more firming of those things or no?
Mark Snell: Are you referring to -- do you mean the uncontracted earnings, the ones that we don't have?
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: That's correct. There was like, in your chart, like 9% for this year and like 15% for next year that were to be contracted or development project earnings. I was wondering if there's any update on those numbers as we stand today.
Mark Snell: They're still relatively close. We're a little bit ahead of schedule on some of the contracts for the renewable projects, but I wouldn't be changing those numbers at this time. Hey, one other thing, too, is we also did -- we did -- some of that was the anticipation close of Chile and Peru, and that has happened. So that does update it a little bit.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Yes, that I have. I appreciate it.
Mark Snell: Thanks, Ashar.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next, we'll hear from Debra Bromberg with Jefferies & Company.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just a question on Peru. I was wondering if you could share your thoughts on the upcoming presidential runoff election, and any implications of a possible win by Humala?
Donald Felsinger: Well, I mean it's -- the elections are about 3 weeks away. Neal and I went down to Peru last week for the groundbreaking of the hydro project and had a chance to meet with the current president. He's fairly optimistic that Fujimori is going to win. His insights are his insights. But I think, as we look at it, and I think both Humala and Fujimori -- both came out of the back of the race and are now in a runoff. Whatever happens here with either one of them, I don't see any real changes to the regulatory framework that we have in Peru. So I think we left there with a pretty high degree of comfort that the economy in Peru is going to continue to grow and whichever one of these individuals end up becoming President will kind of maintain the status quo.
Operator: Next, we'll move on to Mark Barnett with Morningstar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar: Just a couple of real quick questions. First, anything new on those remaining PEMEX assets? I know they delayed the decision or decided to wait for now, but have you been in negotiations? Have you been talking to anyone from PEMEX? I mean, what's...
Donald Felsinger: There's been no change. We had expected, when we made this acquisition, that PEMEX was going to be required to exit. So far, they haven't. The good news is that having PEMEX in the partnership, we have a fairly robust portfolio of new projects that we're looking at. So I think we were kind of indifferent at the very beginning whether or not they stayed as a partner or exited. We're indifferent. We see the business still to continuing to grow.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar: Okay. And just lastly, about the potential for the buyback later this year. You'd obviously mentioned maybe a small one later on. I mean, any more -- given maybe some new project opportunities or something like that, is that any more or less likely, you think, at this point? Or...
Donald Felsinger: I don't think there's much update over what we said at the analyst conference last month. But, Mark, do you want to add some more color to it?
Mark Snell: No, I think that's right. I mean, at the analyst conference, we said that we would kind of address this later in the year, as we looked whatever our capital spend was and where we were. I will point out that the share count that we gave at the analyst conference did not anticipate a buyback, and we're sticking with that number for the year, so. But it's something we'll look at later on in the year and decide if there's anything that make sense.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar: Okay, great.
Operator: And there are no further questions. I will turn the call back over to Don Felsinger for any additional or closing remarks.
Donald Felsinger: Wow, this is the shortest call we've ever had. I guess the business is getting too simple for you guys. Hey, once again, thanks for joining us in this first quarter call. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Steve, Scott [ph] or Victor [ph]. Thanks for taking time with us. Have a great day.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-24 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph Householder - Chief Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Controller Steven Davis - Vice President of Investor Relations Neal Schmale - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Donald Felsinger - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Mark Snell - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Mark Barnett - Morningstar Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Leslie Rich - Columbia Management
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Davis. Please go ahead, sir.
Steven Davis: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I’m Steve Davis, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning, we’ll be discussing Sempra Energy’s fourth quarter and full year 2010 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team, including Don Felsinger, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neal Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller; and participating via telephone is Debbie Reed, Executive Vice President. You’ll note that Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Please remember that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical fact, and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know, they involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, so future results may differ materially from those expressed on our call. These risks, uncertainties, and assumptions are described at the bottom of today’s press release, and are further discussed in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It’s important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis. With that, I'll turn it over to Don, who will begin with Slide 3.
Donald Felsinger: Thanks, Steve. And again, thank you, all, for joining us. On today's call, I'd like to accomplish several things. First, start with the review of our fourth quarter and year-end financial results, and then talk about our dividend increase and how this aligns with our increasingly predictable earnings. And then finally, I'll give you an operational update on our Utilities and our Infrastructure businesses.  To the financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $280 million or $1.15 per share compared with $288 million or $1.16 per share in the same period last year. If you exclude the results of commodities, who's assets have now been sold, earnings per share for the fourth quarter rose 34% or $1.18 per share from $0.88 per share in the fourth quarter of last year. And for the full year of 2010, we recorded earnings of $739 million or $2.98 per share compared with 2009 earnings of $1.12 billion or $4.52 per share. When you exclude the results of Sempra Commodities from both years, earnings per share for the full year rose 14% to $3.61 per share in 2010 from $3.16 per share in 2009.  Our core businesses performed well in 2010, and our earnings from those businesses exceeded our guidance for the year. With regard to the dividend, I'd like to mention that Tuesday morning, after our board meeting had approved such, we announced a 23% increase on our quarterly dividend, which brings the annualized dividend to $1.92 per share.  Exiting the Commodities Trading business marks a new chapter for Sempra. We have narrowed our strategic focus, reducing both our risk profile and earnings volatility, while leveraging our core streams. This has allowed us to significantly increase our dividend, and be able to grow the dividend while still reinvesting capital for future growth. Now let me hand it over to Mark, so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results beginning with Slide 4.
Mark Snell: Thanks, Don. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the fourth quarter were $105 million. That's up from $67 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase was primarily due to $16 million higher margin, a $16 million benefit from the partial recovery of increased wildfire insurance premiums and a $9 million from the favorable resolution of prior year's tax matters. Full year 2010 earnings increased to $369 million from $344 million last year. The increase of $25 million was due primarily to higher margins, partially offset by higher litigation reserves.  Now moving to Southern California Gas. Fourth quarter 2010 earnings were $74 million compared to $75 million in the fourth quarter of '09. For the full year 2010, earnings for this business were $286 million, up from $273 million in 2009. The increase was primarily due to improved operating margins. Now let's go to Slide 5. Our Generation business recorded earnings of $43 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared with earnings of $45 million in the same quarter 2009. The fourth quarter of 2010 included lower earnings from operations, and a $6 million loss on the sale of our 50% interest in the Elk Hills Power Plant, offset by higher renewable energy tax credits, primarily from the Copper Mountain Solar project. For the full year 2010, Generation recorded earnings of $103 million compared with earnings of $169 million in 2009. Results for 2010 reflect an $87 million charge related to the settlement of energy crisis litigations, $31 million of lower earnings from operations, primarily due to increased scheduled maintenance in 2010, offset by $48 million higher renewable energy credits, primarily from the Copper Mountain Solar project.  Now let's move to Slide 6. Sempra Pipelines & Storage recorded earnings of $39 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared with earnings of $37 million in the same quarter of 2009. The current quarter included $6 million of higher earnings from operations, offset by a $5 million write-down of our investment in Argentina, which was net of related tax benefits. For the full year 2010, Sempra Pipelines & Storage recorded earnings of $159 million compared with earnings of $101 million in 2009. The increase was primarily due to a $64 million write-off of our Liberty Gas Storage assets in 2009 and a $13 million favorable resolution of prior year tax matters, also in 2009. Now please turn to Slide 7. Sempra LNG had earnings of $18 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. That compares with earnings of $35 million in the prior year's period. Earnings in the fourth quarter of 2009 were higher due to payments from customers for contracted cargoes that were not delivered. For the full year of 2010, Sempra LNG had earnings of $68 million. That's up from earnings of $16 million in 2009. The increase was due primarily to a full year of operation in 2010. You will recall that our Cameron LNG facility became operational, and our supply contract with the 10 new [ph] partners for the Energía Costa Azul LNG facility became effective in the second half of 2009.  Now let's move to the next slide. As Don stated, our board authorized a 23% increase in the dividend. This takes the dividend to $1.92 per share on an annualized basis, up from our current annualized dividend of $1.56 per share. Going forward, we plan to target a 45% to 50% payout ratio.  Now for an update on our share repurchases. The $500 million accelerated share repurchase program that began in 2010 will conclude by the end of this quarter. You will recall that at our analyst conference last year, we assumed $750 million of share repurchases, and we still may do that if it looks prudent to do so. However, given the South American acquisition and other opportunities, it will likely be later this year before we make a decision on future buybacks. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Don, who will begin with Slide 9.
Donald Felsinger: Thanks, Mark. Now let me update you on some key activities with our businesses, and I'll start with our California utilities. In December, San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Company filed their General Rate Case applications. Like our last rate case, we are seeking to set rates for a four-year cycle. The general rate cases will establish the revenue requirements for 2012, and we've requested attrition mechanisms to adjust the margins for the years 2013 through 2015. The requested increase for 2012 of each utility is approximately 6% over present rates, and the attrition mechanisms would result in expected annual increases of 3% per year for the following three years. And also, the rate case plans call for new rates to be effective January 1, 2012.  To update you on some of the major utility capital projects at San Diego Gas & Electric, our construction is progressing as planned on the Sunrise Powerlink projects, and we remain on track to complete this project in the second half of next year.  Turning to our Smart Meter programs. At SDG&E, we have now installed approximately two million meters, and we're on schedule to complete all installations by the end of this year. And at Southern California Gas company, installations of meters are scheduled to begin late next year. Let's go to the next slide. At Sempra Generation, the 48-megawatt Copper Mountain Solar project in Nevada was completed in December, and the power generated by the plant is sold under a 20-year contract to Pacific Gas & Electric. The next solar project that we plan to start building is Mesquite Solar. This project is located near our Mesquite natural gas-fired plant outside of Phoenix, but we have enough plant to ultimately develop up to 700 megawatts of solar capacity. We have an agreement to sell the power produced by the first 150-megawatt phase of the project to PG&E under a 20-year contract, and that contract is now pending approval from the CPUC. As you may have seen, we have now selected a technology supplier and the EPC contractor for the project, and expect to start construction later this year. Completion of all 150 megawatts is anticipated to be done in 2013. Construction continues on the Cedar Creek II Wind project, which is a 50-50 partnership with BP Wind Energy. This 250-megawatt project located in Northern Colorado remains on schedule for completion mid this year. The power produced by the facility will be sold under a 25-year power-purchase Agreement with a public service company in Colorado. And finally, at the end of last year, we sold our 50% interest in the 550-megawatt Elk Hills combined cycle plant to our former partner. We received proceeds of $175 million or $636 per kilowatt, which was a good price for a merchant asset.  Let's now go to the next slide. Last month, we announced the acquisition stakes in two electric distribution companies in South America, which we co-own with AEI. These were in Chilquinta Energía in Chile and Luz del Sur in Peru. As many of you may remember, Sempra initially invested in the companies 12 years ago. And you may recall that we previously talked about having a preference for control rather than co-ownership of these companies. Some of the attributes that we like about these investments are their strong operating performance, the sound regulatory environments and the stability and growth of the Chilean improving economies. The four-year rate case cycles, mechanisms to adjust revenues between rate cases and the pass-through of commodity cost to customers, the regulatory construct in both Chile and Peru has many of the same positive attributes as the utility regulation in California.  Chilquinta and Luz del Sur have achieved returns on equity in the mid-teens or higher, and have grown earnings at a double-digit pace annually. This $875 million acquisition is expected to be accretive to earnings per share by $0.15 this year and $0.22 in 2012. Closing of the transactions is expected next quarter, and the regulatory approvals and the resolution of certain tax matters.  Now let's go to the next slide. Let me just summarize where we ended up. I'm very pleased with the results of our core businesses for both the quarter and the year. Excluding Sempra Commodities, earnings per share for the year increased 14% in 2010 to $3.61 per share. We had several key accomplishments, which include the successful exit from RBS-Sempra Commodities joint venture; the start of construction on the Sunrise Powerlink Transmission Project at SDG&E; the completion of Sempra Generation's Copper Mountain Solar project, which currently is the largest solar portable safe plant in service in the U.S.; and finally, the announcement of our accretive acquisition of electric utilities in Chile and Peru. As I've said in my opening remarks, our company has reached an important milestone. We've met all of our key financial and strategic objectives, which include: one, reducing our risk profile with the exit of Commodities; two, redeploying cash with a higher dividend payout and the buyback of our stock; and third, a greater focus on utility and contracted energy infrastructure investments. We'll provide an update of our key initiatives in this area and discuss how our strategy aligns with policy and market trends at our upcoming conference in New York on March 23. And as always, we'll provide more detail on our earnings outlook and capital programs at that time.  But with that, let me stop, and open up the call and take any questions that you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: On Sunrise, can you give us actually more of a detailed update of where you are? How much has construction progressed so far in terms of percentage terms? And how much more is left to go, how much capital has been spent?
Donald Felsinger: Let me have Neal take you through what we have spent today and what we've spent last year, and what's remaining.
Neal Schmale: Through the end of 2010, we've spent around $600 million on Sunrise, and the total project cost is estimated about $1.9 billion. We're in the field right now, constructing that project. And the anticipated completion date is in the middle of 2012.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: And can you also remind us what the -- when you dropped El Dorado into rate base, what exactly was that book value when you dropped it in the rate base?
Neal Schmale: About $200 million.
Donald Felsinger: That will happen at the end of this year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: The AEI transaction, the $875 million, how are you guys financing that? How much is equity and how much are you guys raising in debt to finalize that transaction?
Donald Felsinger: I'll have Mark give you the answer but basically, we're just taking some of the cash we have offshore, money from asset sales, and we'll probably end up doing a little more debt financing than we have in that country. But Mark, what is the breakdown there?
Mark Snell: Well, I think that's, generally speaking, correct. We had a lot of offshore cash with the sale of the Commodities business. We're using that. We're using a little bit of in-country financing, and we really have no anticipation of using outside equity or issuing any equity to finance it at all.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Is it fair to say like 60% equity, 40% kind of in-country debt? Is that fair?
Mark Snell: ; So you mean as far as the final capital structure at the absolute underlying entities?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Or just for the $875 million -- did you have that much cash offshore, I guess? Do you have $875 million or -- just trying to figure out like how...
Mark Snell: Yes, we do have actually almost that much cash offshore. But ultimately, we will probably not spend it all, and we will do some but it's probably no more than about 30% debt.
Operator: And our next question comes from Leslie Rich with JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Mark, you had talked about getting some collateral back from the Commodities' sale in 2011. Is that still the plan, or it all came back in 2010?
Mark Snell: Well, we do get some back in 2010. We still have more money to receive in 2011. On the balance sheet, we have about $787 million as of the end of the quarter, and we expect to collect that kind of ratably over the 2011, kind of on a quarterly basis. And that both represents collateral that's been posted, proceeds from the sales. And then we have certain assets that are running off. Most of those have done that now, that we were still holding, but we should get that money pretty ratably over the year.
Donald Felsinger: Is it safe to say, Mark, that the $787 million is the minimum we'd expect to see?
Mark Snell: It is. We have a couple assets that we may get more money for, and they're relatively small amounts. But I think generally speaking, we think this is sort of -- we've sort of wrote the investment down or the investment down to what the net realizable value that we think we'll get, and that's what's left, and it's kind of where we are. I would point out, though, I think what people lose track of, remember, this was an investment that we made 11 years ago for about $250 million. We really didn't pull any -- we had great earnings but didn't pull a lot of cash out it. But over the last couple of years now, we'll have pulled out about $3.6 billion, which is a fairly impressive amount.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: On your target capital structure, Mark, you had previously said being a sort of 50-50 debt-to-cap, now that your business model has changed, and you're much more highly regulated in the staple earnings. Are you rethinking that capital structure?
Mark Snell: We think about it all the time, but I'll defer a part of this to our analyst conference, because I'll give more detail on where our capital structure is going to go. I will say though that in summary, we will still be at roughly around 50%. Our leverage is, actually, over the next couple of years, will go up just very slightly, 51-ish kind of percent. But to be honest, I focus less on the actual capital structure, the debt-to-equity ratio than I do the cash flow coverage ratios. And that's really what we manage here more, because that's what the rating agencies tend to look at more for us. And it's probably a better indication of our financial strength, and sort of the capital structure sort of falls out of that, but I think you're right. As we become more predictable earnings and have the utilities play a bigger part and our contracted earnings play a bigger part in our net income, we're able to be a little more leveraged than we were before. We actually were, at one time, as low as 47% leveraged, and now we're kind of going up over around 51%.
Operator: Next up, we'll hear from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: One or two other cash questions, and then a utility one. Taxation and kind of the difference between GAAP and cash taxes, what are you expecting in 2011, or what's embedded in guidance?
Joseph Householder: This is Joe Householder. So on a GAAP basis, for 2011, we expect a GAAP tax rate around 28%. But now with the bonus depreciation enactment in December and our solar investment and so forth, and we don't expect to pay any real cash taxes for several years. So we'll have a tax rate on GAAP, but no cash out.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And at the utility, when we look at past Sunrise, what do you guys kind of see as kind of pertaining to next -- I don't want to call it major projects, but kind of $100 million, $200 million-plus project opportunities that are out there for either SoCalGas or San Diego Gas & Electric?
Donald Felsinger: Well, I think there's two things that are looming out there. One is that at SDG&E, we are still struggling to get developers to build renewable projects to meet what I think is going to be a 33% renewable target, and so we may have to have the utility step in and do some investments in that area. And I just think with the events in California around the San Bruno explosion and some of the other pipeline incidents that have happened recently in the U.S., that there's going to be a push to do more pipeline integrity and upgrades in California. So I would expect those two to kind of be the major things that we would have for the utilities beyond the current financial period, the five-year period.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: You've generally been hesitant to build generation within the -- which builds significant generation within the utility, is building renewables simply just trying to fill a spot that the market's not filling already?
Donald Felsinger: Well, we have found that we are good at signing contracts with developers, but developers aren't very good at being able to raise the money and make it happen. And so I think we see ourselves as the builder of last resort. And if California stays on this path to get to 33%, we very much will have to step in. And when you look at the other utilities, now, don't forget about the fact that we have the utilities in South America, and we are building a small hydro project in Peru, but I would expect that we will look at opportunities in South America to deploy capital in those utilities also.
Operator: Next up, we have Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I wanted to touch base with you on a couple of things. First of all, just the buyback, I'm sorry if I missed this, how much was left in the buyback between now and the end of the quarter?
Mark Snell: Well, this is Mark. We'll be finished with the $500 million by the end of the quarter. Obviously, I can't tell you exactly how many shares they have left to fulfill. But we've been told by our agents that's handling this that they'll be finished by the end of the quarter of this quarter. And then beyond that, as I've said in my prepared remarks, we had originally planned to do $750 million at the last analyst conference last year. We still obviously have the authorization to do that, but we're going to wait till later in this year to look at what our other investment opportunities are before we commit to anything.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The South American acquisition, just to make sure I understood you answered a viable question, it sounds like that you were going to finance the $875 million with cash on hand and about 30% debt, is that right?
Mark Snell: Yes, it's cash on hand and debt. And initially, we have financed it with short-term borrowings. And now, we're fixing those into more long-term borrowings as we go forward.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: But I mean, just in general, when we look at the accretion number, I mean, should we be think about what the cash on hand was going to earn, is that how we should think about it?
Mark Snell: Right, but the difference is, is the investment in these utilities versus just paying down debt. But I mean, I think we did that math for you. We told you it's $0.15 accretive this year, about $0.22 next year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I just was wondering what that was based on. Just in general, with this acquisition and just in general sort of philosophically, how do you guys feel about sort of the -- how are you going to manage sort of the currency fluctuations, if you are? And how comfortable do you feel in terms of how big you get in sort of international? I mean, is this an area where we're going to see potentially a lot more acquisitions or just sort of the flavor for how you feel about the international arena, which has had mixed results for different utilities?
Donald Felsinger: Let me go first, and I'll just take the strategy. When you think about the amount of money that we have invested internationally, we've got about $2.5 billion invested in Mexico. And with this acquisition, we'll have about $1.5 billion invested in South America. That's about 20% of Sempra's total overall investments. We like the spaces that we're in. As I mentioned, in South America, we've been there 12 years in Chile and Peru, we really like the regulatory schemes that are in place. And the opportunities to invest there are things that we feel pretty comfortable in. So we will get bigger there, but from the standpoint of is that our primary focus? It's not. You look at our capital program, it's still -- the majority is invested here in the U.S. and California. From the standpoint of how we manage those currencies, let me have Mark take that question.
Mark Snell: I guess the first thing to point out is that the regulatory construct in both Chile and Peru, our rates have inflationary indexes in them that it allows for adjustments in rates or inflation. Now that doesn't necessarily always correspond dollar for dollar to the currency changes, but it is an approximation and it sort of alleviates sort of the wildest swings in currency affecting us. But generally speaking, we won't hedge sort of revenues or that kind of thing. Now that said, we do, on occasion, on specific types of items where we have currency exposure and usually this is in Mexico, we have kind of an odd tax situation because of the way the Mexican taxes work, that we do have certain exposures that we hedge from time to time. But they're relatively small, and so I don't think you're going to see us as a matter of course, due to large currency hedges, because I think we have built in to our regulatory structure of kind of a natural hedge that's built into that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just finally, the DRA put out a report on the cost of renewables. I think they were supportive of the renewable goals, I think, but they were concerned about the cost that some of these renewable projects are costing I guess. And I was wondering if you had any thoughts about that, any general thoughts, because we are talking about a pretty heavy goal here of 33%. And just in general, just if you could give any flavor as to how you see things potentially, how you guys are situated versus others with respect to that issue, and just if you could address the topic and sort of just generally speaking, how you think about that, the issue of cost and these renewable mandates?
Neal Schmale: Well, first of all, there's no doubt that the cost of renewables is greater than the cost of fossil-fired generation right now, particularly with where gas prices are. On the other hand, the State of California has taken a policy objective to increase the amount of renewables and increase conservation. And we're proceeding in accord with that policy objective. I would offer the comment that the price of renewables is coming down. I think people realize that in order to get these kinds of projects going, perhaps, a little bit of a premium would have to rebate in the early stages. But I think over time, the cost of renewables are going down, and I think the Public Utilities Commission has been pretty thoughtful about the way they're approaching all of these issues.
Donald Felsinger: I'd just follow-up on what Neal was saying. From the time that we started investing in both wind and solar panels, we have seen the price come down each year and probably come down even more as we've seen the world economy soften. I think there's a certain amount of frustration that are not coming down to staffs is maybe some of the consumer advocates would like to see them come down. But we are seeing reductions, and I think we will continue to see reductions, as we continue to implement more and more wind and solar here in the U.S. Not much else I can add to that, except this is really a long-term strategy for the states that are doing it. And I think California is sticking to the course that we are going to move to have a substantial amount of our energy supply come from renewables, and that's the plan we're on.
Operator: Next, we have Ashar Khan with Visuim Asset Management.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: But can we get some perspective, I guess, there's a little bit confusion as analysts projected you guys going forward. Could you elaborate about the growth rate, what to expect in the next five years with, I guess, this year as being a base? And then I guess a follow-up question, I don't know if you can give us some light on it or not, is can we expect some growth as you've done these acquisitions, and as you're looking towards utilizing the remaining part of the buyback? Is there some growth next year? I'm trying to understand is like '11 a good year where from which growth can start going forward every year?
Donald Felsinger: We're going to cover off a lot this when we meet in March in New York. But let me have Mark kind of give you a highlight on some of those issues you raised.
Mark Snell: Look, I think again, we will go into detail on this at the analyst conference, and I don't want to take all the wind out of that. But I think we do have a $15 billion capital program over the next five years. We are going to continue to grow from this 2011 base. I think that you're going to see growth that is kind of in the top quartile of our peer group. And along with that, we're going to be paying a much more competitive dividend. And so, I think the details of that, we'll flush out for you when we can do it by business unit, and as we normally do at the meeting.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: And what is the quartile growth rate that you look at your comps? What would that be?
Mark Snell: I think the average growth rate for the utility is it something around 4%, 3% or 4%. And we will be a little bit better, we'll be better than that, we'll be more in the 6% to 8% range.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Starting off with this year as a base, right?
Mark Snell: Yes, or you could start next year. Last year will be a little better.
Operator: Next up, we have Craig Shere with Touhy Brothers.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research Inc.: I think three companies that have LNG terminals domestically have kind of talked about the possibility by 2015 through the end of the decade, converting those in whole or in part to export capacity. Do you have any thoughts on that for yourselves or for the industry?
Donald Felsinger: Well, it's actually four if you take -- there's four in North America that gone to the FERC and asked for -- seeking approval to build liquefaction facilities. We have not made that leap yet. We're looking at it. What we have done at our U.S. facility, we've asked the FERC to give us the ability export, so we could take existing LNG out of the tank, as necessary and move it out of the country, and we recently did some export of LNG out of our Mexican facility. Liquefaction facilities are very expensive endeavors. And so you'd have to believe long term that U.S. natural gas prices are going to be depressed to the point as compared to the world market, that this would make sense. And we would only do this if, in fact, we get people to sign a long-term contracts to bring their gas to our facilities to be liquefied. We have found no such entity yet. So when we do, we will seriously consider it, but that market's not there yet.
Operator: We have Mark Barnett with MorningStar.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar: Now that you now did -- the earning stream is certainly shifting a little bit towards the regulated and contracted side, but you've mentioned in the past that there is still some U.S. infrastructure opportunities you might be looking at, maybe with the joint venture in the Marcellus or, perhaps, some generation assets. I'm just wondering what your outlook is on that for now.
Donald Felsinger: Well, I mean, we like the stage that we're in, in natural gas infrastructure. And we think that the trends that are currently here and will continue to be even stronger. To use natural gas as the fuel for industry and the fuel for generation all make sense. And so the investments that we continue to focus on are in that space, both Pipelines & Storage, other midstream and look for opportunities. Also in Mexico, as you're aware, we did a joint venture with PEMEX [Petroleos Mexicanos] last year to be in the natural gas infrastructure space with them as a partner. But that's the general area. And I think if you're going to be with us, Mark, when we meet in New York next month, we're going to have each of the businesses go through and talk about the opportunities they see in the space.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar: And a quick question on the acquisition, that transaction, the accretion of $0.15, is that all in an operating basis, or is there going to be some accounting noise?
Mark Snell: I guess I don't know exactly what you mean by that but I mean, that's a net effect to our bottom line. There's no real -- I don't know...
Joseph Householder: This is Joe Householder. The only thing I would say that's different from that is there will be probably a one-time gain. We don't know exactly how much because of the accounting rules require us to step up the basis of our half the debt. That is kind of the operating after financing that we estimated the number.
Mark Snell: Yes, the $0.15 doesn't anticipate this one-time gain. That would be just kind of a one-off, and actually a non-cash item, so we still tend to ignore it.
Mark Barnett - Morningstar: Last quick question, just maybe an update on what you're hearing from regulators with the two outstanding rate requests.
Donald Felsinger: You're talking about the rate application we filed?
Mark Barnett - Morningstar: Yes.
Donald Felsinger: I mean, it's just that this is standard operating process we go through. We make these filings. I think what will be key is there are several, I guess, at least, PG&E is ahead of us in the process. And so the discussion and the outcome around their rates case will be somewhat instructed, but there's really nothing unusual about this application. And at this stage of the process, it's all normal.
Operator: Next up, we'll hear from John Ali [ph] with Decade Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: I was hoping you can clarify something for me. I thought on the third quarter call, you guys said the CAGR was 8% to 9%, off 11%? I guess, I just wanted to understand what changed in your plan?
Mark Snell: I think, actually, what we said was 7% to 8%, so maybe it was just a misunderstanding there. But, that said, since the third quarter call, we've had a slight further deterioration to gas prices along the forward curve. That's probably been the biggest effect. And then we've also -- the bonus depreciation, which the rules that came in, what that did was that lowered our -- because it's great for us from a cash flow perspective, because we get a lot of cash back early. But the earnings effect of that is, is that the deferred taxes that result from that accelerated depreciation get offset against the rate base. And it lowers our earnings until we can find replacement investments to put that cash in. And so that is affecting our growth a little bit.
Operator: Next, we have Michael Goldenberg with Luminus Management.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management: Just a quick question on the rate case. I know that you filed a proposal to delay your rate case by six months at Edison. Can you just give us an update on how that's going and whether you think you'll be doing concurrently with that ascend or six months later or even more than six months later?
Donald Felsinger: Michael, we had asked at one time to help the commission with their workload to delay our rate case, and that never got accepted. So we're back just at the part of the normal cycle. So there's been nothing unusual done around the timing of the rate cases for SoCalGas or SDG&E.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management: So you will be doing it at the same time as SC?
Donald Felsinger: We will. Yes, because it was being done at the same time, we had thought from discussions we have had with some of the staff that it would be a relief for them if we were to delay ours, and so we put a proposal together to delay ours, so that they could have more time to work on Edison's and work on ours. I think they fixed their workload issue, and so we're both doing these now in parallel.
Operator: We will go to Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: So I guess in Mexico, has there been any sort of disruption at all in your facility, resulting from some of these legal debates that go on, on the LNG side?
Donald Felsinger: No. A lot of this stuff is background noise that tends to be played out as a bigger issue in the media. But the fundamental thing that's going on in Mexico is that there are several individuals that are trying to extort money from us over a disputed piece of land. And to that end, they have tried to use all means available to impact our permits and ability to operate our LNG facility. Every time they have tried this, both the federal government and the state government have stepped in and slapped them down, and that's going to continue. So this will eventually work its way through the system, but it's -- the federal government has been very clear and explicit that this terminal is under their jurisdiction. It's strategic to Mexico. It provides Mexican customers, and are not going to let local entities or individuals that are trying to use the various systems in Mexico to extort money from us and impact the operation of this plant. So this will die a natural death at some point in time.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: On the tax rate in the fourth quarter, even if I add back the tax rate...
Mark Snell: 6%?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: 6%, right, is there besides -- either add back the tax credits for the renewable power, you started at a very low at tax rate, just trying to figuring out like what drove that lower tax rate for the fourth quarter.
Joseph Householder: Yes, there were a number of things. As we've mentioned with respect to SDG&E, they have a tax audit resolution that was $9 million. The parent also had a similar benefit, about $10 million benefit from the closure of an audit. We had a $15 million benefit from the increase in the impairment of the Argentine asset. And then lastly, there was a California State tax benefit of consolidation of about $18 million, which was higher than normal, and had to do with the commodity sale, a lot of foreign income and U.S. losses from writing off some of the goodwill at the commodity. So there was a whole host of issues and it drove it rate down.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: And for this year, the 28% tax rate, does that include Cedar Creek in terms of the tax benefits in that facility?
Joseph Householder: Yes, 28% would be the all-in rate including everything. [indiscernible]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have a follow-up from Michael Lapides.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Guys, we've seen in the market some of the companies that are both gas infrastructure as well as E&Ps, consider alternatives to their corporate structure, whether it's Williams or others. Just curious, I know you guys get asked this constantly, is what you're seeing out there in the market give you pause or give you a chance to kind of rethink whether there's a different corporate structure that maybe appropriate for Sempra?
Donald Felsinger: Well, we always look at that, but we look at it based on long-term trends. And so when we look at what is our job here to create shareholder value with the assets we own, it's whether it makes sense to keep them in the same family or put them in the different families. Right now, we're paying attention to it, but the structure we have, we think make sense.
Operator: And we have a question from Leslie Rich with JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Mark, could you quantify the bonus depreciation in 2011 and '12?
Joseph Householder: Well, it's 0 in '11, and it's going to be probably about $25 million to $30 million in '12. I'm not sure if you're question was how much is the bonus depreciation and what's the effect on it.
Mark Snell: What is the question?
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: You made the comment that it wouldn't negatively impact rate base. So I'm just trying to understand how much the bonus depreciation is and I...
Mark Snell: The negative impact on earnings is about $25 million in '12.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: And nothing in '11?
Donald Felsinger: Nothing in all '11. And it runs on between '12 and '15, between, let's say, $20 million, $30 million and $40 million a year. But this is assuming that we have done nothing to backfill into the capital spending program. And as I mentioned, I think that there are going to be ample opportunities now that we have the additional cash and an opportunity to put more rate base in place without increasing customer rates to do some of these things in terms of infrastructure that are needed like pipeline integrity, additional shut-off valves, renewable investments, so forth and so on. Neal, you had a comment?
Neal Schmale: Yes, just to add a little bit of background for the people that are on the call, what we're talking about here is the impact of bonus depreciation at the utilities and more particularly, the fact that deferred taxes eventually will be subtracted from rate base. And the impact of that is the earnings we were talking about. But to elaborate a little bit more, is I think the key thing is that this is a result of us getting a lot more cash quicker because of the bonus depreciation, so accumulative cash...
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: How much is that?
Neal Schmale: Is a very positive thing.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: When you say you get a lot more cash, how much is that? That's only the $25 million, or is the $25 million is the impact on the rate base?
Neal Schmale: No, it's a lot more than that. Effectively, we're writing, you're basically writing off up to 100% of your capital investments in a signal year, and so you're getting the tax benefit of that write-off. So if you write off $1 billion, that's $350 million of extra cash.
Donald Felsinger: They're big numbers.
Neal Schmale: Yes, they're big numbers.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: So I guess, either, I'm not making myself clear, or I'm just very sick. What's the cash flow impact from bonus depreciation in 2011?
Joseph Householder: I don't think I have the number for 2011. In 2012, SG&E's cash is about $225 million.
Neal Schmale: This is Neal Schmale. Another way, perhaps, to look at it from a consolidated standpoint is to go back to Joe's comment that we will not be paying federal cash taxes for several years. So if you want to sort of compare the prior statutory rate in some assumed level of deferred, I mean, these are significant numbers in terms of the cash flow coming in.
Donald Felsinger: To the extent that we can work up and give you actual cash flow numbers, we will do that, and if not, we'll definitely do it when we get together in New York for the analyst conference.
Operator: There's no further questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the call over to Don Felsinger for closing remarks.
Donald Felsinger: Well, once again, thanks to all of you for taking time to join us today for our fourth quarter and year-end earnings call. And as always, if you have any follow-up questions, you can get a hold of Steve Steve, Scott and Victor. We'll see you all in New York next month. Have a great day. Thanks again.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-03 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Steve Davis - VP of IR Don Felsinger - Chairman & CEO  Neal Schmale - President & COO Mark Snell - EVP & CFO  Debbie Reed - EVP Joe Householder - SVP, Controller & CAO 
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley  Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting Limited  Faisel Khan - Citi Vedula Murti - CDP US Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to Sempra Energy Second Quarter 2010 Earning Results Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference to Steve Davis. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Davis: Good morning and thank you for joining us. I’m Steve Davis, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning we’ll be discussing Sempra Energy’s second quarter 2010 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team including Don Felsinger, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neal Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Debbie Reed, Executive Vice President; and Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller. You’ll note that slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. Please remember that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know, they involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, so future results may differ materially from those expressed on our call. These risks, uncertainties, and assumptions are described at the bottom of today’s press release and are further discussed in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It’s important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentations are shown on a diluted basis. With that, I’ll turn it over to Don, who will begin with slide three.
Don Felsinger: Thanks, Steve. And again, thank you all for joining us. On today's call, I would like to accomplish several things. First, review with you our second quarter financial results and then give you an update on the status of the RBS Sempra Commodities joint venture sales process. And finally, I'll give you an operational update on our utilities and infrastructure businesses. Now to the financial results, earlier this morning, we reported second quarter earnings of $222 million or $0.89 per share compared with $198 million or $0.80 per share in the same period last year. All of our core operating businesses performed well in the quarter. We have also announced that we'll begin a $500 million share repurchase later in the quarter. Now, let me hand it over to Mark so he can take you through some of our details of the financial results beginning with slide four.
Mark Snell: Thanks, Don. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the second quarter were $75 million compared with earnings of $70 million in the year ago quarter. For the first six months of 2010, SDG&E's earnings were $158 million, compared with $169 million last year. The decrease was primarily due to $11 million of higher liability insurance premiums for wildfire coverage. At Southern California Gas, the second quarter 2010 earnings were $69 million that's up from $65 million in the second quarter of 2009. For the first half of 2010, SoCalGas's earnings were $134 million, up from $124 million in 2009. The increase was due to improved operating results and a lower effective tax rate on operations that’s offset by $13 million tax charge recorded in the first quarter due to the passage of the healthcare bill. Now, let's go to slide five. Our Generation business recorded earnings of $48 million in the second quarter, compared with earnings of $33 million in the same quarter of 2009. The increase for the quarter is primarily the result of renewable energy credits from new projects, partially offset by lower earnings due to scheduled plant maintenance on two power plants and from expenditures related to earthquake damage at our Mexicali power plant in Baja, California. For the first six months of the year, Generation recorded a loss of $5 million compared with earnings of $76 million in the same period in 2009. The decrease was primarily due to an $85 million charge related to a proposed energy crisis litigation settlement. Now, please move to slide six. Sempra Pipelines and Storage recorded earnings of $39 million in the second quarter of 2010, compared with the loss of $27 million in the same quarter of 2009. The current quarter included $5 million of earnings from the El Paso Pipeline acquisition, which was completed at the end of April. Last year's loss was primarily due to a $64 million asset write-off at our Liberty Gas storage project. Now turn to slide seven. Sempra LNG had earnings of $13 million in the second quarter of 2010. That compares with the loss of $12 million in the prior year's period. The increase for the quarter was primarily due to higher earnings from operations. You will recall that the Cameron LNG facility became operational and our supply contract with Tangguh Partners for the Energia Costa Azul LNG facility became effective in the second half of 2009. For the first six months of 2010, Sempra LNG had earnings of $45 million up from a loss of $19 million in 2009. 2010 results benefited from $11 million of earnings recorded in the first quarter related to payment for non-delivery of cargoes. Now, let's move to slide eight. Sempra Commodities broke even in the second quarter of 2010, compared with earnings of $85 million in last year's second quarter, due primarily to lower results in crude oil, oil products and natural gas, as well as higher costs for employee retention. The breakeven performance during the quarter was consistent with our expectations and is not expected to improve significantly prior to the completion of the joint venture sales process. Now let’s move to slide nine. Here I’d like to address our progress with the sale of RBS Sempra Commodities joint venture. We concluded the sale of the metals, oil and European gas and power business to J.P. Morgan, which provided Sempra with roughly $1 billion in proceeds, including distributions of earnings related to the sold businesses. I’ll touch on the remaining JV sales elements in a moment, but given the positive conclusion to the J.P. Morgan transaction, we will be moving up our share buyback plans, and we will begin a $500 million accelerated share repurchase program later this quarter. As a reminder, there are two segments of our remaining businesses, the North American Gas and Power business and Solutions, our retail marketing business. We are still in active negotiations for these businesses and are on track to sell both. We currently expect to be able to announce something before the end of next month. We recognize this process has taken longer than we expected. This was due in part to the uncertainty around the Financial Reform Legislation coupled with a flat trading and the weak gaps in power markets. Once we finalize the sales process, we will address how and when we intend to deploy the remaining sales proceeds. And with that, I will turn it back over to Don who will begin with slide 10. 
Don Felsinger: Thanks Mark. Now let me update you on activities at our California utilities. Last month, San Diego Gas & Electric received approval from the U.S. Forest Service for the Sunrise Powerlink transmission line. Now, that all major approvals have been received so we are moving forward with construction on this $1.9 billion project. When completed in the second half of 2012, the 500 kilovolt line will have the capacity to carry 1,000 megawatts of clean, reliable energy. Turning to our smart meter program at SDG&E, we have now installed more than 1.2 million meters. We have remained on schedule to have all 2.3 million Gas & Electric meter installations completed by the end of next year. Also at SDG&E, we recently filed an application for a $600 million tax equity investment in a proposed 309 megawatt wind farm in Montana. SDG&E had a previously approved power purchase agreement with this project. Financing for the renewable projects is difficult in this economy, and this investment by SDG&E will make this project a reality while providing cost-effective renewable energy to our customers and utility type returns to our investors. Finally at SDG&E and SoCalGas, we will be filing our applications for both utilities 2012 General Rate Cases later this year. The first step will be the filing of a Notice of Intent this month followed by a final rate case application in the fourth quarter of this year. The CPUCs rate-case plan calls for decisions by the end of next year. Now, let's go to slide 11. At Sempra Generation, construction continues on our Copper Mountain Solar project. This 48-megawatt project is adjacent to our existing 10 megawatt El Dorado solar facility. The power generated will be sold under a 20-year contract to PG&E. We energize the first block of power in June and currently have 18 megawatts in service. We’ll continue to bring this project online in phases to the end of this year. Following the April earthquake in Baja, California, Sempra Generation’s Mexicali power plant was out of service for several weeks for inspections and repair of some relatively inexpensive but critical equipment that was damaged during the quake. The repairs were completed ahead of schedule and the plant is now back in service. At our Pipelines & Storage business, we closed in our acquisition of the Mexican pipeline and gas infrastructure assets from El Paso during the second quarter and our natural gas storage development program, remains on track. We'll bring the first 7.5 billion cubic feet of storage online at Mississippi Hub later this quarter. At our Bay Gas facility, we expect to put an additional 5 billion cubic feet of storage into service by year end. In total, we expect to have 24 billion cubic feet of storage capacity in service by the end of the year at these two facilities. Now, please go to the final slide. I'm very pleased with the solid operating results of our core businesses for both the quarter and year-to-date. Last month, two milestones were reached. We received the final major regulatory approval required to move forward with the construction on the Sunrise Powerlink transition line and with this approval, over $3 million of key infrastructure projects at our utilities have been approved, all of which help to solidify the earnings growth projections in our plan. And we close the sale of RBS Sempra Commodities metals, oil and European gas and power business to J.P. Morgan. This transaction enables us to begin a share repurchase program of $500 million. We continue to work to complete the remaining sales process for the Commodities joint venture and we'll update on you our progress. And as we discuss with you at the analyst conference earlier this year, we have a number of attractive projects in our development pipeline. We look forward to sharing our progress in the weeks and months ahead on a few of these projects. And with that, let me stop, open up the call and take any questions you have.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from Greg Gordon of Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley:  I have two questions. The first one is the, on a fairly obvious topic. With regard to the sale of the different assets in the JV, is there a scenario that you foresee now because you're script inferred that it's not the case but you might retain part of this portfolio of businesses?
Don Felsinger:  Well, Greg, I will have Mark give you some additional flavor on this, but we have been at this process for several months now, and a lot of that work was kind of slowed down by the financial reforms that were calling some uncertainty as they were being developed in Congress. I think that's all clear and behind us. We have had a lot of people look at our book, look at these businesses, and we're very comfortable now with what the book value of that business is and my sense is we're going to end up selling all of this business and announce something within the next month or two.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: And you did not put in your official slides or in your presentation the $2 billion or book value bogey, does that infer that you now expect to sell it for less or more or is there anything that we should or shouldn't be inferring from that? 
Don Felsinger:  Well, at the Analyst Conference for those of you that attended, we said that we expected to get about $2 billion of proceeds out of our portion of the sale of this business. We’ve got $1 billion of proceeds from this transaction with J.P. Morgan, and we expect to get about $1 million from the remaining piece. So I think we're still on track with what we told everybody. 
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Great. Changing tax, can we talk about the utilities and the regulatory backdrop? You know, my sense is that there is a general, some general trepidation about this rate-making cycle just sort of pertains their economy in California, it being an election year, uncertain leadership in the governor's office. You have been around the hoop a long time in California through a lot of regulatory, economic and political cycles. Can you tell us how you feel about your ability to continue to generate the types of returns on the business that you have historically in the context of this environment? 
Don Felsinger: Well, I mean, here at Sempra and our two utilities, we have a high level of comfort about where this condition is going and about the desire to continue to keep the utilities healthy to implement the things that were currently implementing in terms of infrastructure development and renewable procurement. So, remember in the State of California that the Regulatory Commission is its own statutory entity removed from the legislative branch of government. And every signal we get from the Utility Commission, and even from some of the politicians in Sacramento, is that California is doing the right things to avert another energy crisis that took place back in the early part of this decade and so the things that we're doing to build out infrastructure and put in smart meters, to develop renewables and get in the market are all the things that are being pushed at us from both Sacramento and from the utility commission in San Francisco. 
Operator:  Our next question will come from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets. 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: What is the balance of the proceeds for the $1 billion of sale of the commodity sale of J.P. Morgan? 
Don Felsinger: What’s the use of proceeds?
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets:  The balance of the 0.5 billion that you're not using to buy back shares.
Don Felsinger: Well, first off, let me say that the 0.5 billion that we're going to use to buy back shares, we're doing an accelerated share repurchase program at ASR, and actually, we think that 500 million is the optimal size to go out with, based on the pricing that we’ve gotten back from the various banks that are going to execute that for us. And so, we would have probably done this buyback in tranches in any event. And so right now, the balance is going in to paying down debt and just staying on our balance sheet. But eventually, we'll take a look at what we're going to do with those proceeds as we move forward.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets:  What is the range of pricing that whoever is doing this repurchase for you settled at?
Don Felsinger:  I don't think we'll be talking about that. Yes, but we do expect to get this process underway here pretty shortly.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. 
Don Felsinger:  Lasan, if you remember at the analyst conference, we’ve talked about doing this ASR when we had the entire business sold and we have such confidence now in what remaining half is worth and the fact that when they get to the finish line of the second half, they decide to go ahead and start the ASR early.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets:  Makes sense. I think it's a good idea. On the LNG front, just globally, just seems like that we're never going to see any gas come to the U.S., and I'm not sure what’s causing all these global dynamic. And the first question is, a, what’s happening with the global dynamic. Is this going to change in 2011, and second, do you foresee any potential problems with your long terms contracts to either Cameron or at Energia Costa Azul?
Don Felsinger:  Well, I think you hit on it. But I don't think any of us in the room feel like we are smart enough to know where markets are going to be next year or the year thereafter. And that’s why when we build facilities we always contract at the time that we build them and before we build them to make sure we get a return of and on our investments. That's what we have done with these two terminals.  I think longer-term we still expect that LNG is going have the pricing opportunity to compete with domestic supplies or shale or some other source of gas. So, long-term, we feel good about our position and are looking for the opportunities to bring in additional cargoes.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Excellent. And one last question. Mark, what was the financial impact of the earthquake in Mexico? 
Mark Snell:  It was relatively small. We had some damage that was about $5 million and we actually expect to get most of that recovered in insurance but we haven't got that set up yet. 
Operator:  We'll go next to [Ashar Khan] with Visium Asset Management.
Unidentified Analyst : I guess good morning from your perspective. I just wanted to get a little bit of a better perspective why is the volatility in the markets led to a delay in the process Mark, you mentioned, I couldn't understand that comment, could you elaborate a little bit more on that? 
Mark Snell:  Sure. Actually, all I was really saying was that the low volatility in the gas and power market has led to relatively flat markets and flat pricing. And so, therefore, the profitability in those markets has been low. And I think that had something to do with sort of some of the delays as people are kind of reassessing where these markets were going. But I think probably the biggest thing that has delayed us has been this financial reform which kind of put everybody on edge for a while, but we think that’s really behind us now. 
Unidentified Analyst :  Okay. And then do you expect the sale to happen, I guess, in two pieces? Are we going to have two separate announcements? Is that how we should look at it, the process going forward? 
Mark Snell: If that’s where the most value is, yes. It would be our desire just for simplicity to have one party we're negotiating with, but we know what the value of the book is for the business. And if it means we have to break it in half to recapture that value, that’s what we'll do. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. And then just going back, you mentioned that the buyback is still, right, so you had mentioned your assumptions were like 750 could be up to a billion. And, I guess, the forecast for next year, are you re-accreting that forecast as we stand today, based on the assumptions of the sale process? 
Mark Snell: Well, with respect to the sales process, we’ve said that we would do between 500 and $1 billion of stock that we would buy back, and it's our intention to stick with that. This is the first 500 million and then we'll reassess the amount that we do after this once we get the second half sold. 
Unidentified Analyst:  So the assumptions and the forecast are being re-accreted as we had given before? 
Mark Snell:  Yes, we're not changing our minds here. We think that we'll still do between 500 and a 1 billion, and as I said at the analyst conference, we used for modeling purposes, we used 750 and we are still online with that. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs:  Hey, guys, you can talk a little bit about renewable development and just kind of if we think about it by year, what do you think the rollout of Copper Mountain will be to where you get not just to the 48 megawatts but all the way, I think it was 400 to 500 megawatts that you had talked about. And then other renewable development that’s going to happen over the next year or so, next two to three years outside of the utility.
Don Felsinger: I don't think we talked about Copper Mountain having that much capacity. Our Mesquite facility in Arizona has the ability to have about 600 megawatts of solar development, and as I mentioned we have, in terms of land around our existing facilities, just the facilities being our combined cycle power plants, the ability to develop somewhere between 600 and a 1,000 megawatts of renewable. We are fairly advanced in negotiations. We have different parties to develop these sites, and I think that as I mentioned in my remarks that in the next month or two we will be sharing with you kind of progress we’ve made on additional sales out of both of those locations.
Operator:  We'll go next to Winfried Fruehauf with W. Fruehauf Consulting Limited.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting Limited:  I have a couple of questions. The first one is on the earnings contribution of your South American operations in the second quarter last year and this year, what were they? 
Don Felsinger : We’re flipping to the page right here. So I will have Joe Householder…
Joe Householder:  The earnings contribution for the quarter from South America is 23 and was approximately in that range last year, approximately the same for the quarter. 
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting Limited: Okay. A couple of questions on pipelines in the storage, if we’re not exactly a bond I would say, especially if you add back last year's loss of $64 million, which gets us to sort of an adjusted earnings contribution for last year second quarter of $37 million, and versus $39 million this year. And if you back out $5 million from the El Paso Mexican pipeline acquisition, we're down to $34 million, what accounts for this performance? 
Mark Snell:  Well, the pipeline in storage performance is roughly in line with the prior year. I mean the increase the Mexican operations were roughly in line with the prior year but they were up $5 million because of the El Paso acquisition South America, as I said, is roughly the same and the midstream operations, when you add back the write-off of liberty from last year are roughly, so that is pretty much similar, Neal? 
Neal Schmale:  Just to elaborate a little bit, I think we're generally on track we told you in the past with respect to the earnings growth in the pipelines and storage business. Remember that particularly the mid-stream business, the storage business is still on the development stage, so we haven't seen much in the way of earnings out of that business yet, but generally this business is on-track. 
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting Limited: When do you expect this development process to be substantially complete? 
Don Felsinger: 
 :
Mark Snell :  I think, if you look at our storage business, I can't remember the numbers, but I think over the five-year period, we're spending a $1.6 billion in capital and $200 million of EBITDA coming out of that investment. 
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting Limited: Okay.
Mark Snell: $1.6 billion would be a cumulative investment entered at the end of the period with a couple hundred million bucks of EBITDA and those numbers compare very favorably with what you see with publicly-traded entities in this space. 
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting Limited: Assuming the contribution from Rockies express included in Sempra pipelines and storage, what were the contribution of (Inaudible) in the second quarter of the last year versus the second quarter of this year? 
Don Felsinger:  Let Mark take this. 
Mark Snell:  The numbers were slightly higher this year than they were last year, but we haven't traditionally broken those numbers out separately. 
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting Limited: I see, so you're not disclosing what those numbers would be?
Mark Snell : We’re not.
Operator:  Our next question will come from [John Ali] of Decade Capital.
Unidentified Analyst:  Just a quick question. If you could give us an update on I guess what remains in the North American trading book. I know there’s two businesses, but previously you have given us kind of growth size in that book and that’s other information. Could you just give us an update on that?
Don Felsinger:  Sure, well, just as a reminder, we have two businesses that are left in the North American Gas and Power book. We have the North American Gas and Power business, which is a wholesale trading operation, and then we also have our Solutions retail marketing business, which is separately run and actually headquartered out here in San Diego. The tangible book value of the remaining business is about $1.6 billion then there’s some goodwill. There is about 350 or more of goodwill on that. So there is about 2 billion left of book value. A fairly large chunk of that is reflected in cash, and that’s about 700 million currently. But that varies, that goes up and down every day. It's down a little bit from the last time that we had this discussion, and that’s mostly investments and inventories, but it can go up and down, and we fully expect to realize those proceeds or realize that in the form of proceeds once we have complete the sales.
Unidentified Analyst:  Before you guys really split out kind of what was North American trade, what was the trading, the power and electric and what was the Solutions, can you do that or is that?
Don Felsinger:  Well, we can. I mean, the solutions business, overall, has been sort of $100 million a year, between, I would say, between $85 million and $105 million a year after-tax business. And then the North American power and gas business in the past has always been quite profitable. But in these current sort of low-volatility flat markets, it's been about a breakeven kind of business. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. I mean just kind of gross size on that trading book? 
Don Felsinger:  Well, net, I just gave you the net book value of it. 
Unidentified Analyst:  For non-net, like the assets. 
Don Felsinger:  Gross receivables and liabilities. Well, it runs, and I don't have the exact number right in front of me, but it's approximately $7 billion of assets and like kinds of liabilities. But that varies quite a bit. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay, And you guys said, announced hopefully before the end of September and when do you think it will be closed? 
Don Felsinger:  I actually think the announcement will be some time between now and the end of September as we’ve said in our remarks I’m hedging my breath little bit here because we’ve been more delayed that we thought we would be. But I think in that period we'll get something done. And it should close relatively soon after. There are some regulatory hurdles that we have to go through, but they're relatively quick to get done. So I think, closed within 60 days or so is certainly reasonable to expect. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay, great. It’s definitely before yearend? 
Don Felsinger:  Yes, we hope so. Yes. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Faisel Khan of Citi. 
Faisel Khan - Citi:  I was wondering, if you could explain this tax equity investment in the 309 megawatts of wind power and how that works at SDG&E and how or if you’ll earn those assets? 
Don Felsinger:  We just made a presentation to the Board of Directors and I'll have Neal give you his version. 
Neal Schmale: It's not anything that’s particularly simple to explain without the benefit of slides. But what we're talking about is the 300 megawatt investment. The tax equity at $600 million represents about three quarters of the total cost of it and in the structure that we proposed; SDG&E would make that $600 million tax equity investment and would earn a rate of return on that investment, just like any other utility and investment. Now, the ratepayers, obviously, have to get a benefit from this and under the structure that’s been proposed, the ratepayers would get a benefit including the tax benefits associated with the renewables and including renewable attributes at a cost of less than what they would have to pay otherwise, because, generally, the power here is going to be cheaper. So this is a very good project, it brings the renewables to the ratepayers less expensively than if SDG&E just went out and contracted but also allows SDG&E to earn a rate of return and now that the general economic state of affairs that allows this to happen is that the rate of return, the tax equity investors are requiring in today's market is considerably in excess of what SDG&E's return would be. So in effect, what we’re able to do is ask that kind of benefit along to our ratepayers.
Faisel Khan - Citi:  Okay. And then are these 209 megawatts, they're already ready to go if we were ready to invest in these assets or how does that work?
Don Felsinger:  Actually that represents a contract that had already been entered into and previously approved by the CPUC with SDG&E.
Faisel Khan - Citi:  Okay. There would be a build out of wind power or is it or these assets that already exist today?
Don Felsinger:  They have to be built out.
Neal Schmale: Built out. 
Faisel Khan - Citi:  Right, okay, got you. Okay, fair enough. And then just a clarification on SDG&E in the quarter, the wildfire liability premiums, was that a first quarter thing or was that also permeating in the second quarter?
Don Felsinger:  You say wildfire premiums, is that about insurance or…?
Faisel Khan - Citi:  Insurance premium, sorry. Yes, the higher liability insurance premiums.
Don Felsinger:  Yes, it's actually both. We were able to secure additional wildfire insurance in the connected quarter and the premiums related to that were reflected in that quarter. We have gotten total wildfire insurance now; at one time we were limited to $400 to $500 million now we're at…
Mark Snell: 950.
Don Felsinger:  950. So we're able to get more insurance although it was quite expensive.
Faisel Khan - Citi:  Okay. But this hasn’t been covered in rates yet? So this will be part of it…?
Don Felsinger:  No, we have expensed it and we have not recovered it in rates but we will be. We’ve got several filings to do that and we’re fairly optimistic that we’ll get it but we haven't recorded it for accounting purposes yet.
Faisel Khan - Citi: Okay, understood and then on the Mexicali plant, is that facility back online right now?
Don Felsinger:  It is. 
Faisel Khan - Citi:  Okay. And did you have to make any power purchases underneath your power purchase agreement to meet that?
Don Felsinger:  The fortunate thing, if there is anything fortunate about an earthquake, is that it happened in April and the markets were pretty lethargic, so that plant didn't have to go out and buy a replacement power. 
Faisel Khan - Citi:  Okay, got you. And the last question on the with any sort of proceeds you may get from the future sales and North American assets, would you be interested in some of the renewable assets that could be available by BP and are you still interested in the Mexican pipeline assets that is the other half of what you would guys doing down in Mexico now?
Mark Snell:  Well, I think it's safe to say, Faisel that we have a fairly robust list of projects that we're currently pursuing, and we're all in the market looking at what is out there that we can buy versus what we can develop. And so we're doing both. I think when we get to the close of the second half of this business, we'll look at how we’re going to use those proceeds versus the projects or to do additional share buyback or to go buy something. 
Operator:  Vedula Murti of CDP US has our next question.
Vedula Murti - CDP US:  A couple of things, one, I'm wondering and I apologize if you got this earlier. I had to come on late. Can you talk a bit about with the governor's election everything like that should Meg Whitman win, my recollection is that there has been talk about wanting to do an off-ramp and trying to reduce the renewable mandate that the utilities would be required to meet, and I just wanted to get your view as to your understanding of why where she stands on this kind of viewpoint etcetera and how - if there was an off-ramp, how should we think about that? 
Don Felsinger:  Let Neal answer that. 
Neal Schmale:  Without talking about the gubernatorial candidates, I think the principle thing that’s going on in California with respect to the renewables is the proposition that would delay the implementation of the renewables until unemployment reached a certain level. Our judgment right now is that, that is probably behind a little bit in the polls and probably, based on what we know now is unlikely to pass. But that having said all that, the public utilities commission has set in place a whole set of integrated policy objective revolving around renewables, revolving around conservation and revolving around technology, and I think that we are supportive of that comprehensive and integrated approach to what’s being done in California. 
Vedula Murti - CDP US: I mean that said, if for some reason this proposition were to succeed at least as of now, what would be the practical implication for you? 
Neal Schmale : The practical implications would be minimal. The contracts that the utilities have signed they have all been approved by the Utilities Commission and the contracts we’ve entered into on the unregulated side have all been approved by the Utilities Commission and that’s an independent body. So I think there is effectively no impact if the proposition were to pass. 
Vedula Murti - CDP US: Okay. 
Neal Schmale: And… 
Don Felsinger:  That wouldn't be the same for general industry and I think the long-haul trucking and heavy manufacturing industry would have some impact. But I think the regulated utilities are all on a path to get to 33% and that’s out of the jurisdiction of the utilities commission.
Vedula Murti - CDP US: Okay. And secondarily, when it comes to the second tranche of our proceeds when the remainder of the remaining sale gets closed, so I think we talked about various options and I think you indicated about making acquisitions as possibly is one of the options for proceeds. When you look across your business lines right now, where in all likelihood would you be focused on wanting to look for an acquisition or bolster at least or at least consider that as the primary focus if you were to look at an acquisition as opposed to the other alternatives?
Don Felsinger:  Well, I think the first and foremost, the thing to recognize is that we do have a $15 billion capital program in front of us, and so we are fortunate and that we have a lot of high quality investment opportunities already on our plate and we think about spending $15 billion over the next five years those are representative of fairly good-sized acquisitions and I think first and foremost, we're going to concentrate on executing our plan and we're not really dependent upon acquisitions nor have we built any and really to our projects. And that said, as we look at the landscape, I do think that there is a possibility some time if we saw the right opportunity, we don't shy away from it and we do look at a lot of opportunities but I think most of our looking right now is may be in the utility space. Because we think that’s one of the best investment opportunities are but generally speaking I think we're pretty satisfied with the investment program that we have right in front of us. 
Vedula Murti - CDP US: So I mean, at least at this point in time, should we kind of work with the assumption that it's a lower probability that some type of material acquisition would occur as opposed to simply redeploying capital towards the existing growth program you laid out? 
Mark Snell:  Well, I think bottom line with Sempra, we're nothing if not opportunistic. And then if we saw something that will look like compelling deal, we would do it. But I think generally speaking, as I said we are satisfied with the opportunities that we have in front of us and then our capital plan that we disclosed to you all and I don't think there is anything in that that would indicate that we’re going to do anything other than execute on that plan. 
Don Felsinger:  And I think along those lines to what Mark was saying, is that in projects where we don't have 100% ownership, we may be looking at buying up if our partners went out, I'm talking about the El Paso transaction that we did but we have 10 partner. And they're going to be looking actually some part of that business. So it's really the stuff that we have in our development pipeline, plus those assets we own and we think are good assets but we don’t own 100% of them. 
Operator:  We'll go next to Craig Shere of Tuohy Brothers Investment Research. 
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research:  Hi, a good quarter. Don, I think you mentioned in response to Winfried's question, that there was a 200 million of EBITDA being spent from 2010 to 2015 if I heard it right on storage development, did I get that figure right? 
Don Felsinger:  No, what I said was that when you look at the storage build out, when you look at the acquisition costs, what we're spending, we're going to have about a 1.6 billion invested in storage at the end of the five-year period that would generate about $200 billion of EBITDA. 
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Okay. Understood. (Inaudible) brought it up this time and last time that the actual storage is not necessarily contributing as much, currently given the burden of the development cost overhead. Can you quantify what those development costs are and how they will trend over time? 
Mark Snell:  Well, and this is Mark. We haven't broken that out, and I think we would prefer to kind of look at this as a total business unit. We're absorbing those extra costs within the business unit. But I think generally speaking, Don's point is that, we're working towards the program that’s going generate $200 million a year of EBITDA on a – but a $1.6 billion investment and that will reflect – that reflects all of the costs. We're in the early stages now, but our earnings from our pipes and storage business is in line with our expectations and with that plan we gave you at the last analyst conference. And we have not found any really material change in that. If we did we'll let you know.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Okay. Well, a part of is that is, obviously, what you have in development which is the majority is not, you know, contractor or hedged out currently. Can you speak to where the markets are now versus on your Analyst Day in terms of the ability to contract out and the pricing that is available? 
Don Felsinger:  Well, I would just say that when you look at the overall plan, we're doing this in steps and each step will develop 5 to 7 Bcf but we only develop that if we're satisfied the market we’ll contract for it so we haven’t worst off and made commitments to develop all 50 Bcf in storage out of Bay Gas and Mississippi Hub. We're doing it in a cabernet of time, 5 to 7 1/2 Bcf and we’re only doing it when we have market indication that it makes sense to go forward because we get the returns that we expect.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Understood. Is it fair to say that one could assume profitability for storage, including the development costs in 2011?
Don Felsinger:  I'm sorry, I don't quite – I am not sure I understand that question.
Mark Snell:  I hope he said. 
Don Felsinger:  And you mean that income?
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Yes.
Don Felsinger: 
(Inaudible):  .
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Okay. 
Mark Snell:  Yes. We haven't traditionally broken that out, but I will tell you that it's relatively small because we're still heavy in development at that time, it’s in the single digit millions.
Operator:  We'll go next to Michael Goldenberg of Luminus Management. 
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management: Good afternoon. I missed part of the call, lost contact. But did you discuss much on the court hearing in Mexico on the LNG? What’s the update there, I think, that might have been hearing in July 20?
Don Felsinger:  Yes. Let me just, for the benefit of everybody on the call, this is really an issue of, in my mind, of not much importance. We have a website that just details what’s happening around our land dispute in Mexico. But to put this into perspective, after we had applied and received all of our permits to operate the LNG facility, we then acquired additional land and that's one of these additional parcels of land that has no bearing on the operational plants that is in dispute in a Mexican court. And there are some enterprising individuals that are trying to extort money from us by claiming that they have got some form of title to that land. That will be resolved separately. But I would not expect that any court action or decision would do anything to jeopardize the decision around the operations of those plants. There are hearings that are scheduled around this issue later this week and then going out into the next month or two but this will resolve itself on its own and will not have any impact on the operational plants. 
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management: So, you're saying that whatever the decision is the plant will definitely continue to operate? 
Don Felsinger:  Yes, there is absolutely no requirement in any of our permits that parcel of land is in dispute is necessary for us to own and to have operating permits sort of valid. 
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management: Okay. But what about the hearing itself, what kind of decision do you expect and what exactly will be decided? 
Don Felsinger:  The judge has been asked to determine whether or not this parcel of land is a requirement for us to have a permit to operate. I believe he now has in his hands all the evidence from all the regulatory bodies that this land is not required as a permit requirement. 
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management: Okay. So irrespective what he does to land, you can continue but if you lose, you may still want to buy land in case, right? 
Don Felsinger:  Yes, that could always be the case. If it's determined at some time in the future that we don't own this land, which we think we do and that would be the issue. 
Operator:  Our next question will be a follow-up question from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets. 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Don, lot of talk about that vehicle makes its way, particularly in California; A, do you see evidence of this? And B, are you taking any steps to make it a reality? And C, how do you so it impacting SCG not SDG, but SCG?
Don Felsinger:  The impact on SoCalGas? 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. Most of the electricity in covering is produced gas again, Correct? 
Don Felsinger:  Very small because the amount of gas throughput to that system to generate electricity though for electric meter and is probably, at least in the next five to 10 years, is not going to be dramatic. But SDG&E is well underway in promoting the introduction of electric vehicles within a service territory. And I think all the utilities in California see this as an opportunity for increased utilization of infrastructure. But because of the way that we are balancing accounts for sales of electricity, really what happens is, the customer becomes a net beneficiary because we just utilize the system better. 
Operator:  We'll go to the next follow-up question from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: 
(Inaudible):  ? 
Neal Schmale:  No impact. 
Don Felsinger:  That was Neal. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. 
Operator:  We have no other questions at this time. I would like to turn it back to Donald Felsinger for your closing remarks.
Don Felsinger: Once again, thanks to all of you taking time on today to join us for our second quarter 2010 call. As always, if you have any follow-up questions, please get a hold of Glen, Scott or Steve. Have a great day, guys.
Operator:  That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Davis – VP, IR Don Felsinger – Chairman and CEO Mark Snell – EVP and CFO Joe Householder – SVP, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Neal Schmale – President and COO
Analysts: Faisel Khan – Citi Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets Paul Patterson – Glenrock Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Vedula Murti – CDP US Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering Holt John Ali [ph] – Decade Capital
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy first quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Davis. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Davis: Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm Steve Davis, Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning we'll be discussing Sempra Energy's first quarter 2010 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the investor section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team including Don Felsinger, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neal Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Debby Reed, Executive Vice President and Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller. You'll note that slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. Please remember that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know, they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. So, future results may differ materially from those expressed on our call. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are described at the bottom of today's press release and are further discussed in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It's important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis. With that, I'll turn it over to Don, who will begin with slide 3.
Don Felsinger: Thanks. And again, thank you all for joining us. On today's call, I would like to accomplish several things. First review with you our first quarter financial results, then give you an operational update on our utilities and infrastructure businesses. Before I get into our financial results, I would like to spend a moment on the litigation settlement we announced last week. I realize that some of you may have been surprised by this but I strongly believe the settlement was the best solution to put to rest litigation that has gone on for nearly a decade and could have continued for years to come. I'll discuss the settlement in more detail later in the call. Now to the financial results. Earlier this morning we reported first quarter earnings of $106 million, or $0.42 per share, compared with $316 million, or $1.29 per share in the same period last year. The decrease in earnings was primarily due to $ 96 million or $0.38 per share impact of the litigation settlement and reduced results from the RBS Sempra Commodities joint venture. Earnings, excluding the settlement amount were $202 million or $0.81 per share. Due to the impact of the litigation settlements and assuming break-even performance at RBS Sempra Commodities, we now expect earnings of $3.15 to $3.40 per share in 2010. Now, let me hand it over to Mark so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results beginning with slide 4.
Mark Snell: Thanks, Don. At San Diego gas and electric, earnings for the first quarter were $83 million, compared with earnings of $99 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease was primarily due to $5 million of higher wildfire insurance premiums and a $3 million charge due to the elimination of a tax benefit that was associated with the recent passage of the healthcare bill. The first quarter of 2009 benefited $5 million from the favorable resolution of a litigation matter. During the first quarter, STG&E recorded a $107 million regulatory asset relating to reserves for wildfire claims that exceeded our $1.1 billion of insurance. We believe that STG&E will ultimately recover substantially all wildfire costs in excess of its insurance limits. There are codefendants in the litigation and other responsible parties that STG&E has a claim against. In addition, based on our regulatory experience, we believe STG&E will be able to recover substantially all wildfire related costs that exceed our coverage and are not recovered from other responsible parties. At Southern California gas, first quarter 2010 earnings were $65 million, up from $59 million in the first quarter of 2009. The increase was due to $9 million of higher margin, $3 million of higher regulatory awards and $2 million of lower bad debt expense. These benefits were offset by a $13 million charge due to the passage of the healthcare bill. Now let's go to slide 5. Our generation business recorded a loss of $53 million in the first quarter, compared with earnings of $43 million in the same quarter in 2009. The decrease for the quarter is primarily the result of an $84 million charge related to the energy crisis litigation settlement. The quarter was also impacted by $12 million of lower earnings from operations, primarily due to increased scheduled maintenance and associated downtime. Now, please move to slide 6. Sempra pipeline and storage recorded earnings of $38 million in the first quarter of 2010, up from earnings of $37 million in the same quarter of 2009. The quarter benefited from $6 million of higher earnings from foreign currency exchange rate effects, offset by $4 million of lower earnings from its storage operations. Now turn to slide 7. Sempra LNG had earnings of $32 million in the first quarter of 2010, compared with a loss of $7 million in the prior year's period. The increase for the quarter was primarily due to the start up of marketing and terminal operations. We also benefited in the quarter from $11 million of payments related to non delivery of cargoes and from $7 million of mark to market earnings. Let's move to slide 8. Sempra Commodities recorded a loss of $5 million in the first quarter of 2010, compared to earnings of $114 million in the last year's first quarter. The loss was due primarily to reduced margins in oil in European natural gas marketing, as well as higher costs for employer retention and a $12 million charge related to the energy crisis litigation settlement. Just in the last few days, we received $197 million cash distribution from the joint venture related to 2009 earnings. This distribution will be reflected in our second quarter results. Now let's move to slide 9. This slide provides a summary of our business unit results. I would like to highlight our results at Parent & Other where we recorded a loss of $54 million in the first quarter, compared with a loss of $29 million in the same quarter in 2009. The increase in loss is primarily due to the impact of $17 million of higher Mexican taxes. The quarter was also impacted by a higher consolidated tax adjustment and additional interest expense. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Don who will begin with slide 10.
Don Felsinger: Thanks, Mark. Before I get into an update on our business activities, I want to provide some additional color on the energy crisis litigation settlement we announced last week. The $410 million settlement ends two main pieces of litigation, each of which is funded separately. $260 million will be funded from RBS Sempra Commodities and $150 million from Sempra Energy and Sempra Generation. The after tax cash effect to Sempra is $96 million. This settlement ends the FERC refund proceeding. As many of you may recall, this proceeding relates to the FERC's formulaic adjustment of market prices for short term energy sales in the years 2000 and 2001. The settlement also ends the litigation related to Sempra Generation's contract with the California department of water resources. Although we have successfully defended this contract numerous times, this settlement will put an end to the continued litigation, appeals, and arbitrations. As many of you know, we've been dealing with energy price litigation for nearly a decade. This settlement gives us the opportunity to put to an end this litigation which could have continued for many more years and had unforeseen risk. We can now move to a more constructive relationship with all of the California parties. And, with that, I'll have you go to slide 11. Let me now update you on the activities at our California utilities. We still expect the Sunrise Powerlink transmission line to be in service in the second half of 2012. We're awaiting the final approval from the U.S. forest service which is expected to this quarter. Procurement and (inaudible) work still continue. We have now locked in half of the material and roughly 80% of the construction costs. Turning to our Smart-Meter Programs, at STG&E, we have now installed more than 800,000 meters and we expect to have all 2.3 million gas and electric meters installed by year end 2011. At SoCalGas, in April, our $900 million gas smart meter project was approved. We will be installing 6 million smart gas meters in phases from 2012 to 2017. The CPUC approved our $900 million gas Smart-Meter project and we will be installing in 6 million gas smart-meters in phases from 2012 to year end 2017. At San Diego Gas & Electric and SoCalGas, we will be filing our applications for both utilities 2012, general rate cases in the second half of this year. The CPUC rate case plan calls for decision by year-end 2011. Now please go to slide 12. At Sempra Generation, we've began construction on our Copper Mountain solar project in Boulder City, Nevada. This project is a 47 megawatt expansion of existing 10 megawatt El Dorado solar facility. The power generated by this expansion will be sold under a 20 year contract to PG&E. We'll bring the project online in phases and expect to complete construction by the end of this year or at the very latest, very early in 2011. Moving to our LNG business unit, we have recently announced a supply agreement with Gazprom. Under this multiyear agreement, Gazprom will play Sempra LNG for the right to deliver up to two LNG cargoes per month at the Cameron LNG terminal at a predetermined price formula. This agreement will commence in June of this year. This agreement, along with our previously announced RasGas arrangement will utilize available capacity at our Cameron LNG terminal. These two agreements are in addition to our 20 year contracts that account for nearly 65% of our combined LNG total capacity. At our pipelines and storage business, we have now closed on our acquisition of El Paso's pipeline and gas infrastructure assets for $300 million, or $260 million net of cash and debt. The acquisition includes a natural gas pipeline and compression assets in the Mexican state of Sonora and a 50% interest in a joint venture with PMEX, a Mexican state-owned oil company. The joint venture operates two natural gas pipelines and a propane system in Northern Mexico. PMEX has filed a plan with the Mexican government to dispose of their 50% ownership in the joint venture. Any sale is subject to our right of first refusal. PMEX's long term contracts to utilize the pipelines capacity will remain unchanged. The assets are all in operation and provide stable revenue streams under long term contracts, representing a weighted average length of 13 years with PMEX and the Mexican federal electricity company. In early April, a 7.2 magnitude earthquake hit the Mexicali region of Northern Baja, Mexico. Our pipeline, LNG and power plants located in that area did not suffer any major damage. Our Mexicali power plant has been out of service since that time, waiting for replacement parts for some relatively inexpensive, but critical equipment that was damaged during the quake. We expect the plant to be back in service later this month. Before we move on, I would like to update you on the progress of our sales process at RBS Sempra Commodities. We are moving forward in obtaining the necessary approvals for the sale of our metals, oil, and European energy segments to JPMorgan. We anticipate the closing of this estimated $1.7 billion transaction early in the second half of this year. The closing was delayed several weeks because of the inability to schedule meetings with European Union regulatory officials due to a volcanic ash situation that impacted travel and business throughout Europe. Negotiations for the sale of our North American Power and Gas segments are moving forward as well. We have narrowed the list of successful bidders through a second round of offers and expect to announce a buyer within the next four to six weeks. Our assumption of break even earnings for the joint venture, prior to a sale has not changed our expectations that total proceeds to Sempra Energy from both transactions will be approximately $2 billion. Now please go to the next slide. While the results for the quarter at our Commodities joint venture were disappointing, our core utility and infrastructure businesses continue to perform well. This year, we have settled major litigation and reduced risk to our shareholders. We're moving forward with major projects at the utilities. Our recent approval of the SoCalGas Smart-Meter program and the progress we've made for the construction of Sunrise Powerlink are very positive. At our infrastructure businesses, we're focused on the continued development of our storage and solar projects and we're making progress with the completion of the sale transaction RBS Sempra Commodities. The proceeds from those transactions will help fund our robust capital program, facilitate our expected share repurchase program and lead to strong predictable growth. With that, let me stop now and take any questions that you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we'll go first to Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Good afternoon.
Don Felsinger: Hey Faisel, how are you?
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay, how are you doing? On the joint venture, I just want to understand, the premium – the sale to JPMorgan is based on a fixed premium, based on the book value of the assets and so I guess with the loss that you guys incurred, specifically in the crude line, I guess it's only $13 million but is there any significant sort of impairment to that book value?
Don Felsinger: No, there is not. Let me ask Mark if he could maybe spend just a few minutes on the sales process in general.
Mark Snell: Well, Faisel, you're absolutely correct in that, that it is a fixed premium to book value and we did have some small losses on those businesses. But they really didn't impact – they were really minor impacts on the book value and it really doesn't change our expectation of proceeds.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay. Great. And then just on the different product lines, it looks like except for crude oil, everything else did okay. Was there anything in particular in the crude business that didn't go well for you in the quarter?
Don Felsinger: Well, we just didn't make as much money as we had expected. There's nothing that – there was no major blowout or big problems. We just didn't see some of the opportunities that we had anticipated and we had some dropping prices during that period. But I think generally speaking, the rest of the business performed okay. But we also coupled it with the charge from the litigation and also with some higher retention and employee compensation costs that we instituted at the end of the quarter and those things affected the earnings negatively.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay, I have just one more question and I'll get back in the queue. Specifically on the healthcare costs at Sempra Utilities, both at STG&E and SoCalGas, it looks like some of the costs were in the tax line and some of them were in the operating line and they seem to be different between SoCalGas and STG&E. I was hoping you could help us reconcile what's going on with what appears to be a one-time hit to expenses.
Don Felsinger: I believe they were all tax. Let me have Mark to validate that.
Mark Snell: No, that's right. They all affected the tax line, both of them. It basically is a tax benefit that most companies had recorded that was eliminated as part of this package and, it affected us as it did just about everybody else.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay. And it's just a onetime item. Is that correct?
Mark Snell: Yes, it is, correct.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay, great. Thank you.
Don Felsinger: Thanks, Faisel.
Operator: And we'll go next to Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers Investment Research.
Don Felsinger: Hey, Craig.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Hi, thanks for the call. So, Don is the final sale of the U.S. portion of the JV being impacted at all by turmoil in the financial players or proposed restrictions on their activities?
Don Felsinger: Craig, no, it's not. As a matter of fact, we are in the second round of activity now with selling the second half and Mark was telling me this morning that we expect to open up those bids for the second round sometime either late this week or early next week.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Great. And Mark, I was a little confused about the comments about the wildfire insurance. When I heard the word higher premiums I thought, well you guys had to tap that insurance and they raised their rates on you going forward. But then what I heard in your discussion was that there are some costs that you expect to recoup later on for past issues. I'm just trying to get a sense for what kind of ongoing expense that might be and if you think all of it, including higher ongoing premiums would be recouped?
Don Felsinger: Well, we do have a filing that we have before the regulatory agency in California to recapture the higher premiums that we have been paying since the wildfire. Do you want to take this Mark?
Mark Snell: Yeah, sure. As Don said, we do have a filing. We expect to do that, but we don't know what the outcome of that is going to be. So we expensed the higher premiums currently. And then in my comments, I also commented on some settlements related actually to the fires that we had and those settlements now exceed some of our insurance coverage and therefore we have recorded a regulatory asset for that. We do expect over the long term to collect all of that money from either responsible third parties first or through our normal tariffs.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Great. And last question, I don't know if you all could comment a little about the market for gas storage. I think we have heard from another Sea Corp that has a good growing gas storage business that there's still opportunities for maybe $0.20 per Mcf month of contracting and there was recently, – I know you don't need any cash but there was recently a very attractively priced MLP IPO in the (inaudible) gas storage space. I just wonder if you can comment about, is the market for contracting storage looking any better? How does it look in terms of how assets are being valued, in terms of just physical assets and down the road, even if you don't need the money, if there's such a wide disparity in evaluation of this part of the business, would you consider some other type of place for them to reside?
Don Felsinger: Well, I think your comments tend to capture the whole realm of opportunities that are out there. Everybody I think by now is seeing the recent transaction and valuation around the Pine Prairie and the Bluewater assets that at one time I think we owned and sold. But as we stand in the storage business right now, we have about 11.5 B's [ph] of operational storage that's been fully contracted and by the end of this year we will have another 12.5 Billion's [ph] that will go into service and we've already sold four, about 60% of that. So we are able to access the market, get customers to pay for the storage and so our opportunities are to develop and sell this forward. And at some point in time, if we're satisfied that the real opportunity is in transacting around these facilities, we'd also look at that.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: And are you seeing a healthy market for continuing to contract forward? There were some comments at the analyst day, a month-plus ago, that the market was a little weaker but starting to perhaps, recover?
Don Felsinger: Well, it is still fairly weak. You look at the natural gas market in general, prices are pretty low, volatility is flat. But as we continue to talk to customers, the long-term desirability of having the ability to store natural gas is something that customers are still willing to contract for. We're not seeing the prices that we saw two or three years ago, but they're robust enough to give us comfort we can go ahead and develop.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Great. Thank you.
Don Felsinger: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon. Let's see. Can you give us a little more clarity on the Gazprom contract? You said that Gazprom is contracted to pay Sempra LNG. Is this a monthly fee? Is it like a terminal use agreement?
Don Felsinger: Well, good afternoon Lasan. We have been talking for probably the last six months or a year about the opportunities to do something with unsold capacity that exists at Cameron. And that started out with doing a transaction with RasGas for them to bring in spot cargoes. And we have a similar arrangement, although a little bit different in the way that it's structured for Gazprom for them to be willing to pay to use our facility for a number of years to bring in cargoes. I can't get into the details for commercial reasons but I think it bodes well from a couple of standpoints. One is, there's a lot of unsold LNG capacity in the Gulf, and the fact that we have two major players that want to transact with us, I think it says something about Sempra and it says something about the location of our facility. So I think these are all positive developments. I'm sorry I can't give you more details around the financial arrangements.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Can you at least tell me if it's a predictable stream of cash flow or is it an intermittent stream of cash flow?
Don Felsinger: We will be getting basically a payment to use our facilities that will happen over time and then the opportunities as cargoes come in to make more money.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: I see. On the healthcare charge, in response to Faisel's question, it's a one-time charge. Are there any ongoing recurring cost increases that you expect?
Don Felsinger: That's it, a onetime charge.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That's good. And then lastly, do you know if and when you would perhaps take a look at the PMEX piece of the Mexican assets?
Don Felsinger: Well, it's hard for me to speak for PMEX. They have a requirement, as I understand it by the Mexican competition commission to dispose of their assets. My general understanding is they're going to do that by the end of this year but it's hard to predict their timing. At a point in time when they do transact, because of our right of first refusal, we'll definitely take a hard look at it.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: One last question. Cargoes of LNG have been flowing very vigorously to the UK and the prices over there are really high. Does that change your thinking on the global oversupply that's currently in place?
Don Felsinger: I missed the last part of your question, Lasan.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Oh. The UK has been importing a lot more LNG than would have been originally expected several months ago and it sounds like the global oversupply is kind of being soaked up by the Europeans. Does this change the way you view the flow of LNG in the world or is this just a temporary phenomenon in Europe?
Don Felsinger: As a matter of fact, this is kind of what we expect is going to happen, that LNG will flow to the market that pays the highest price for it and I think we're on the very early stages of seeing a global natural gas market where it will flow freely to the location that has the highest price.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Don Felsinger: Thanks Lasan.
Operator: And next we'll go to Paul Patterson with Glenrock.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock: Good morning, guys.
Don Felsinger: Hi, Paul, how are you?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock: All right. The Sempra generation scheduled maintenance, is that a sort of one-timer? Could you just elaborate a little more on how that might be throughout the year?
Don Felsinger: Each of our power plants – I think it's around every three years – goes through a major shut down for anywhere from a 40 to 60 day period where we tear everything apart and take a look at it. EDM was returning last month from one of these major overhauls and had just come up and was operating possibly less than a day when the earthquake hit and the earthquake had so much ground shaking that some ceramic insulators on top of one of the transformers cracked and that's the inexpensive but critical piece of equipment we're now in a process of fabricating.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock: Okay, and then with the LNG mark-to-market, does that reverse the $7 million LNG?
Mark Snell: Yes, that's actually a reversal of earlier losses. So it is the reverse of something that happened several months ago.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock: Okay, great. And then just, I'm sorry if missed it, because there have been a few things going on, but it would seem to me that there should be no change in your 2011 and beyond outlook that you guys gave us just recently because the RBS JV was going to be gone anyway. So look if there's any impact from our understanding in terms of what your sales expectation would be. So is it safe to assume that things probably haven't changed much with respect to the forward outlook.
Don Felsinger: The only changes that we are making are for the year of 2010.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock: Okay. And then was the last time that this business had a break even? I'm just sort of curious. Do you guys know?
Mark Snell: We had a loss quarter. It was about a year and a half ago.
Don Felsinger: But we have a long history of profitable quarters and this was one of only two or three that we've actually broke even or lost money.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock: Okay. And could you elaborate a little bit more about the change in Parent & Other?
Don Felsinger: Sure. It's primarily from increased interest cost because as we bring things online, we're no longer capitalizing interest and maybe I'll ask Joe if he can elaborate on any of the other pieces.
Joe Householder: Sure. There are two other pieces. The Mexican taxes are affected by the exchange rate between the dollar and the Mexican peso and last year we had a benefit there. This year we actually had a detriment of 10. So there was a $17 million swing. And then, the effective tax rate caused us to have about a $13 million negative hit this quarter which will turn around over the course of the rest of the year. Don't know which quarter exactly it will turn around but that $13 million negative in the quarter will turn around by year-end.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Don Felsinger: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: And from Goldman Sachs we'll go next to Michael Lapides.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hey guys. Quick question on Sempra Generation. Can you talk; your K disclosed roughly 400 megawatt to 500 megawatt solar opportunity at one of the sites. But can you talk three wide [ph] how many megawatts of potential leveraged [ph] within the next three or four years or beyond that. I'm just trying to understand the real estate availability of potential solar megawatt additions at your existing gas sites or other lands that Sempra generation controls.
Don Felsinger: We have got 58 megawatts, 10 of which is in operation, and 48 being developed in Nevada around an existing site. And in some around Mesquite with the land position we have there, depending on what technology we use, we're thinking about 600 megawatts of photovoltaic. And then we have other land positions in Mexico that are primarily being held for wind development and we have some other wind projects that we're pursuing around the country. But around our existing sites, I would look at the 600 megawatts in Arizona and the 50 megawatts that we're building in Nevada as the primary opportunities.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And when we look at – what happens to the land that is around the El Dorado or El Dorado plant that's being sold back into STG&E? Does Sempra Gen control any additional land that’s around that facility or does the land et cetera outside the fence, inside the fence, whatever, go to the utility?
Don Felsinger: The utility is buying a power plant and the footprint on which the power plant sits and the land around that belongs to Sempra Generation.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: And is there room there for Sempra Generation to continue doing above and beyond the –
Don Felsinger: That's correct.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Don Felsinger: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vedula Murti with CDP US.
Vedula Murti – CDP US: Good afternoon.
Don Felsinger: Hi, Vedula.
Vedula Murti – CDP US: Two things. One you mentioned in your prepared remarks about the distribution coming here that will be recognized in the second quarter and you alluded to that there would be an earnings affect breaking on to 198 or approximately that number. So can you just kind of explain how that would then translate between what sounds like as a gross cash flow number and how that translates to net income?
Don Felsinger: I'm going to have Mark address this. I think that I may have confused you.
Mark Snell: No, I think you may have misunderstood. All I was saying was is that there was an expectation of getting our distribution by this call and we did get it just prior to the call, $196 million. But it's a cash flow only item. It doesn't have any effect on earnings.
Vedula Murti – CDP US: Okay. And secondarily, when you talked about to the $2 billion, is it correct for me to be thinking that that implies on the North American piece here that would be talking about at book value but that – at least I think in the past you've alluded to some possibility or probability of being able to achieve above book value. Can you kind of comment a little bit on that?
Mark Snell: Yeah, our expectation and what we've been signaling is about tangible book but there is a possibility for us to get more than that. Especially on parts of the business, we're seeing some pretty robust bids. But we really can't say anything until we actually announce something.
Vedula Murti – CDP US: And now that you're in second round or in that type of thing, I know you have allowed to, I think close by the end of the year, if I'm not mistaken. Given where you are do you feel like by the end of the second quarter, by the time we have the second quarter call or something like that, an announcement will have been made or can you just elaborate a little bit about, given where you know where you're at, at what point do you feel like you'll be able to tell us what the conclusion is?
Don Felsinger: Well, Vedula, when we started this process and at the analyst conference, we have made the assumption that we would probably be in this business through year-end. Based upon the progress we've made with JPMorgan and the progress we're making in selling the second half, we are fairly comfortable now – and it's hard to control the timing – that we'll be out of this early in the second half of this year. When I say early, my expectation is by July or August we'll be out of this business. Now, I don't control that schedule. There are a lot of parties involved but we're working as hard as we can so that by the time we have this next call, we'll either be out or be close to being out. That will be in the July-August time frame.
Vedula Murti – CDP US: So just to make sure I'm clear, when you're out, that means announced and completely closed and all the checks have crossed each other and that type of thing?
Don Felsinger: That's correct.
Vedula Murti – CDP US: Okay. And I guess one last thing is do you have the authorizations in place, in term of flexibility for stock buybacks and that type of thing or is that something that you would want to take to the board and have that authorized at the conclusion of this process?
Don Felsinger: The board has already given us authorization to move forward with stock buyback.
Vedula Murti – CDP US: Okay. Thank you.
Don Felsinger: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Becca Followill from Tudor Pickering Holt.
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering Holt: Hi, guys, two quick ones.
Don Felsinger: Hey, Becca.
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering Holt: Hey, On Sunrise Powerlink, you guys were previously thinking that you would get approval in the first quarter. Now we're seeing second quarter. Something had definitely changed. Are there any issues, or is it just timing?
Don Felsinger:
 : So the fact that they may take another week, two weeks or a month, even though it causes me frustration, I think at the end, when we get that decision, it will be a better decision. So we don't expect any holdup. We're still waiting for approval. We firmly believe we're going to get it, just can't pinpoint the week.
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay. Thank you. And then back on the storage subject, $4 million in lower storage earnings. Can you talk specifically what that goes to, where the delta comes from?
Joe Householder: Becca, this is Joe Householder. That really is about a $2 million loss this quarter and there was a $2 million gain in the year-ago quarter. And it's a variety of small issues, some G&A, some depreciation, and property tax and a little bit of mark to market and some optimization. It's a whole variety of very small issues.
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering Holt: So the storage that you have is producing a net income loss?
Joe Householder: The storage operation as a whole had a small loss this quarter. Last year, a year-ago quarter it had a small gain.
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering Holt: And do you expect that loss to continue for the rest of the year?
Joe Householder: I don't believe so, no. That's not our expectation.
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering Holt: Can you talk a little bit about what kind of swing we could see? I mean, will overall and annual basis, the 11.5 storage be positive net income for the year?
Don Felsinger: We're looking here at the numbers. I'm not sure what it's burdened with right now in terms of other cost. But let us do this. Let us take a look and see if we can give you a more cogent answer and then maybe post it on our website?
Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering Holt: That's great. Thank you.
Don Felsinger: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to John Ali [ph] with Decade Capital.
John Ali – Decade Capital: Hi guys.
Don Felsinger: Hey, John.
John Ali – Decade Capital: Just a quick question. I apologize if you've already covered this. There's a few other calls coming on but the book value of North American trading, it had been around 800. Is that still fairly consistent?
Don Felsinger: The book value in North American trading is actually quite a bit less than that and it is sitting on a fair amount of cash, which we would expect to distribute. And so the total cash distribution would be probably a lot more than just the book value, because we would distribute the cash prior to sale.
John Ali – Decade Capital: Okay. Can you give any numbers around what the total number or the total value left post the JPMorgan transactions?
Don Felsinger: Well, the JPMorgan transaction was 1.7 billion in total and our share of that was, I think it was like nine something and then after that, the remaining balance is the North American Power and Gas business. But the big difference there is the net book value is more in the 200 range to 250 range. We expect there's a fairly big cash distribution because we had a big cash build up for when we closed the deal with JPMorgan. It will pay off the inter company loans, and so that's why we expect our total proceeds be to around 2 billion.
John Ali – Decade Capital: So that $2 billion number in total proceeds hasn’t changed?
Don Felsinger: Right, it has not changed.
Mark Snell: And Becca, if you're still there, we have found a sheet that has the numbers on it. Let me have Neal walk you through what our existing storage business has for earnings this year and then in the out years.
Neal Schmale: Yes, the sheet we dug up has some very fine print on it, Becca. But in any event, we expect the storage business to be just slightly positive this year and then it will be even more so next year, make a few million dollars and then continue to grow. So the results that we're seeing here are consistent with the plan.
Don Felsinger: Next question?
Operator: And we'll go next to Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers Investment Research.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Hi, just a follow-up on that storage question from Becca and the answer just given, it makes sense to me if in fact you're burdening storage with the overhead development costs for the significant build out you have because you're talking about a build out that's very large compared to the base. Are you folding all of that together in the numbers that you just gave? Is that what's going on?
Don Felsinger: The answer is yes.
Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Okay, great. That makes sense. Thanks a lot.
Don Felsinger: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Sorry, just a couple of follow-ups. On is just on the LNG business, the $11 million related to the payment from our counter party for non delivery, is that the Tangu [ph] contract?
Don Felsinger: It was at our Costa Azul facility. That's really the extent of what we want to say about it.
Faisel Khan – Citi: For example, if there were deliveries that actually took place in the foreseeable future than in theory the earnings from those volumes would be there, and so this is to make up for the volumes that weren't there, is that correct?
Don Felsinger: Yeah, just take this as this was both kind of a start up issue on the other end of the LNG business, meaning the supplier, and I would not expect to see these reoccur.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay, got you. And then just on the wind assets that you've recently purchased into, the Hawaii project, and also I believe the projects in Indiana. Were those contributors at all to the generation earnings this quarter?
Don Felsinger: I don't believe they were. The Fowler Ridge I think will show up next quarter.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay, and Hawaii, is that the same thing too?
Don Felsinger: There's no earnings for Hawaii yet.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay, got you.
Joe Householder: Faisel, this is Joe. There is a small amount of Fowler Ridge earnings in there but not a lot.
Faisel Khan – Citi: And in going forward how you guys plan to book the tax benefits from these renewable facilities, I take it on a GAAP basis you're going to amortize this stuff over a long period of time?
Joe Householder: On the GAAP basis, currently, we're on the flow-through method. We're taking them as they construct.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay, understood. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Felsinger for any additional or closing remarks.
Don Felsinger: Well, once again, thanks to all of you for joining our first quarter 2010 call. If you have any follow-on questions, as always, feel free to contact Steve, Glenn, or Scott. Thanks again. Have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-25 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jeff Martin – VP IR Don Felsinger – CEO Mark Snell – EVP & CFO Debbie Reed - President & CEO Utilities  Neal Schmale - President & COO
Analysts:  Greg Sheer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research  Barry Klein – Citi  Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Andrew Levi – First New York Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Unspecified Analyst – CDP US Michael Goldenberg – Luminous  Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Leon Dubov - Catapult Capital Jessi Loudon – Zimmer Lucas  Unspecified Analyst Rudy Tolentino – Morgan Stanley  John Alley - Decade Capital Mike Bolt – Wells Fargo 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy fourth quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Martin; please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Martin: Good morning. I would like to thank each of you for joining us, we know this is a busy time for everyone. This morning we’ll be discussing Sempra Energy’s 2009 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the investor section. Here in Sand Diego we have several members of our management team including Don Felsinger, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neal Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Debbie Reed, President and CEO of our utilities; and Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller. You’ll note that slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. Please remember that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know, they involve risk, uncertainties and assumptions so future results may differ materially from those expressed in our call. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are described at the bottom of today’s press release and are further discussed in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It’s important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation today are shown on a diluted basis. And now with that I’d like to turn it over to Don who will begin with slide three. 
Don Felsinger: Thanks and again thank you all for joining us. On today’s call I would like to accomplish several things. First review with you our 2009 financial results. I’ll then discuss our sale to JPMorgan of a portion of our commodities business, and provide some additional color with respect to our next steps and then finally I’ll give you an operational update of our utilities and infrastructure businesses.  Now the financial results, earlier this morning we reported fourth quarter earnings of $288 million or $1.16 per share compared with $319 million or $1.30 per share in the same period last year. For the full year 2009 earnings increased to $1.12 billion or $4.52 per share up from $1.1 billion or $4.43 per share.  Earnings per share for 2009 without the impact of a $0.26 per share write-off earlier this year improved 8% over last year’s results. Last week when we announced the sale of a portion of the commodities joint venture we provided guidance for 2010 of $4.25 to $4.50 per share. This guidance assumes the sale of the metals, oil, and European energy business close by mid year and a full year earnings contribution from the commodity joint venture of $150 million to $250 million.  Now let me hand it over to Mark so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results beginning with slide four. 
Mark Snell : Thanks Don, [inaudible] for gas and electric earnings for the fourth quarter were $67 million compared with earnings of $81 million in the year ago quarter. The decrease was primarily due to $9 million of reduced incentive awards and $4 million of higher wildfire related insurance expense in the fourth quarter of 2009.  Full year 2009 earnings increased to $344 million from $339 million in the previous year. At Southern California Gas fourth quarter 2009 earnings were $75 million, up from $54 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. The increase was due to $10 million of higher margin and $7 million of lower litigation expense in the fourth quarter of 2009. For the full year 2009 SoCal earnings were $273 million up from $244 million in 2008. The 12% increase in earnings for the year was due to continued strong operating performance. Now let’s go to slide five, Sempra Commodities earnings in the fourth quarter of 2009 were $71 million compared to $164 million in last year’s fourth quarter. The last quarter of 2008 benefited from great performance across all of our product lines.  This year the business performed modestly in the fourth quarter of 2009, that was led by oil and metals. Power also performed well but results in the gas book were weak due to low volatility and a flat basis differential during the final quarter of the year. The quarter was also impacted by retention costs and higher foreign taxes within the joint venture.  For the full year 2009 commodity earnings of $345 million were in line with 2008 results. Now let’s move to slide six. Here we show how income is allocated at the joint venture for the last quarter and for the full year of 2009, a couple of highlights. First the joint venture had income of $28 million during the quarter. After applying the income allocation methodology the distributable income to Sempra was $24 million. After adjusting to US GAAP and for the impact of taxes, Sempra’s joint venture income for the quarter was $74 million, that’s down from $162 million in the same quarter in 2008. For the year the joint venture had distributable income of $407 million and Sempra’s after-tax share was $352 million. The US GAAP conversion adjustment of $55 million for the quarter and $163 million for the year was primarily the recognition of storage and transportation earnings from 2008 that could not be recognized under US GAAP until 2009. Now let’s move to slide seven, fourth quarter earnings for our generation business were $43 million compared with $60 million in the same quarter in 2008. The decrease for the quarter is primarily the result of $16 million of Mexican income tax benefits in the fourth quarter of 2008. For the full year 2009 the generation business recorded earnings of $162 million compared to $222 million in the prior year.  The decrease was due to $31 million in reduced earnings due to lower gas prices in 2009, the Mexican tax benefit in 2008 that I just mentioned, and $9 million of solar investment tax credit in 2008. Now let’s move to slide eight.  Sempra pipelines and storage recorded earnings of $37 million in the fourth quarter of 2009, that’s up from earnings of $22 million in the same quarter of 2008. Fourth quarter 2009 results include $5 million of higher earnings from natural gas operations in Mexico, $5 million of higher earnings from investments in South America, and $2 million of higher earnings from domestic pipeline and storage assets.  For the full year 2009 earnings were $101 million compared to $106 million in 2008. The decrease was due a $64 million write-off related to the Liberty Gas storage project. The write-off was largely offset by $29 million in higher earnings from North American operations, $13 million of favorable tax benefits in 2009, compared with $9 million of unfavorable tax adjustments in 2008, and $8 million of higher earnings from South American investments during 2009. Now please turn to slide nine, this slide provides a summary of our business unit results. I’d like to highlight a couple of things here, Sempra LNG had earnings of $35 million in the fourth quarter of 2009 compared with a loss of $13 million in the prior year’s period. The increase for the quarter was primarily due to the start up of marketing and terminal operations.  I’d point out that the fourth quarter of 2009 was the first full quarter that we received revenue from all of our long-term contracts. For the full year 2009 Sempra LNG recorded earnings of $16 million compared with a loss of $46 million in 2008. For 2010 we expect annual earnings to be in the range of $70 to $90 million.  At parent and other we recorded a loss of $40 million in the fourth quarter compared with a loss of $49 million in the same quarter in 2008. For the full year 2009 the parent recorded a loss of $122 million compared to a loss of $97 million in 2008. This increase is primarily due to increased interest expense.  Please turn to slide 10, overall our results for the quarter and for the year were very strong. Earnings at our California utilities were up a combined 6% for the full year, operating cash flow during 2009 was up 57% over the prior year, and from a liquidity perspective we still have $3.6 billion of availability under our committed bank lines at the end of the year. And with that I’d like to turn it back over to Don who will begin with slide 11.
Don Felsinger : Thanks Mark, now let me update you on our business activities starting with our commodities joint venture, last week we and RBS announced an agreement to sell the metals, oil, and European energy segments of RBS Sempra commodities to JPMorgan for an expected $1.7 billion. Sempra’s share of the proceeds is expected to be $941 million. We also expect to distribute approximately $500 million of excess cash in the business of which Sempra would receive half.  Please go to slide 12, last week I commented that we were still exploring options related to the remaining North American Gas and Power business. These options included [inaudible] business or finding a new partner or other relationship to provide liquidity and financial support that would cap our exposure to the business and allow us to reacquire RBS’s share without issuing equity.  We have continued to explore several options for a third party support but in this market we no longer believe we can find a cost effective long-term alternative to equity. Because of this a sale of the business is now our preferred outcome. We have several interested parties and believe a transaction can be completed quickly and in a fashion that delivers the best result for our shareholders. Please go to the next slide, in a sale we anticipate receiving 49% of the remaining book value which equates to approximately $800 million plus a premium. This assumes all the previously discussed distributions have been made. The combination of the sale to JPMorgan, the subsequent cash distribution and the expected proceeds from the sale of the North American Natural Gas and Power business should mean total cash proceeds to Sempra in the neighborhood of $2 billion or more.  Please go to slide 14, we plan to use these proceeds to fund new growth, reduce debt, and upon an exit of the business a share repurchase. If you assume we complete our exit of the business before year end and we earn $150 to $250 million in the commodity business in 2010 we would expect our earnings for 2010 to be between $4.25 and $4.50 per share.  For 2011 assuming we repurchase $500 million to $1 billion in equity before the start of the year, and given the growth in our utility and infrastructure businesses, we expect to earn between $4.35 and $4.65 per share in 2011.  Now go to slide 15 please, what I’d like to do now is update you on the activities at our California utilities, our largest project the Sunrise Powerlink transmission line is scheduled to be in service in the second of 2012. We are awaiting the final approval from the US forest service which we expect to receive in the next couple of months.  A number of activities are underway to support the start of construction later this year. We have placed orders for key components including towers and underground cable and are now focused on completing the construction agreements and acquiring land rights. Turning to our Smart Meters programs, at SDG&E, we’re well underway with the installation of Smart Meters and have now installed almost 600,000.  The meters are being installed at a rate of about 7,000 per day. We expect to have 1.4 million meters installed by year end and to complete installation of all 2.3 million gas and electric meters by year end 2011. At SoCalGas, reposed and alternate decisions were issued early this month by the CPUC on our proposed gas Smart Meter project. This is a $900 million capital project that involved installing six million gas smart meters in phases from 2012 to year end 2017. While the proposed decision issued by the administrative law judge didn’t support the project the alternate decision issued by the assigned commissioner in the proceedings recommended approval, provided certain conditions are met. We think this is a workable outcome and we look forward to receiving a final decision from the commission by mid year.  At San Diego Gas and Electric, the CPUC recently approved our request to defer the next cost of capital proceedings by two years. We were originally scheduled to file a cost of capital application with the commission this year but will now file in 2012. The cost of capital would be effective in 2013. SDG&E’s current CPUC authorized return on equity is 11.1%. Before moving on I would like to update you on SDG&E’s litigation regarding a 2007 wildfire.  After considering the amount incurred for homeowner settlements, additional reserves, and estimated defense costs, SDG&E’s remaining insurance coverage is approximately $20 million. Although additional costs necessary to resolve the remaining claims are likely to exceed the remaining insurance the ultimate economic impact will be determined after taking into account amounts we expect to recover from other potentially responsible parties including Cox Communication, an amount SDG&E will file to recover in rates.  SDG&E’s rate recovery mechanism along with regulatory treatment of previously incurred large and unusual costs such as environmental liabilities and the court’s application of the strict liability standard to these fire related damages, all support cost recovery. From an accounting perspective the timing and our ability to accrue recovery for these costs, either from utility customers or other third parties, may vary from the time the cost is known and recordable and the time of our payment and subsequent recovery.  While this may have an effect on our reported results and cash flows we expect to recover the vast majority of these costs. Please now go to slide 16. At Sempra generation we have now began construction on our Copper Mountain solar project in Boulder City, Nevada. This project is a 48 megawatt expansion of existing 10 megawatt El Dorado solar facility.  The power generated by this expansion will be sold under a 20 year contract to PG&E. We’re bringing this project online in phases and expect to complete construction later this year. Also last year Sempra generation acquired a 50% interest in the Fowler Ridge II wind farm located in Indiana. Legal partners there with DP in this 200 megawatt project which began operations in December.  Moving to our LNG business unit we have completed construction on $125 million nitrogen injection plant at our energy [inaudible] terminal. This project became operational in December and provides us with another source of contracted revenue. At our Cameron LNG terminal in Louisiana we’ve received two spot cargos from [Raz Gas], one in the fourth quarter of last year and one so far in this quarter. The US is seeing an increase in LNG flows and we’re optimistic about receiving additional cargo this year from Cutter under our agreement with [Raz Gas]. Both of our LNG terminals are supported by 20 year contracts that represent nearly 65% of their total capacity. At our pipelines and storage business Milwaukee express pipeline project was completed in November and is now fully operational. And in our natural gas storage development program in the Gulf Coast region, where we expect to bring an additional 12.5 billion cubit feet of storage capacity online by the end of this year at our [Bay Gas] and Mississippi hubs facilities.  Now please go to slide 17, yesterday we announced a definitive agreement to acquire El Paso’s pipelines in Mexico. We’ll acquire interest in two natural gas pipelines connected to the US, a natural gas pipeline connected to PEMEX system in northern Mexico, and a propane pipeline near Monterrey. Three of the four assets are co owned with PEMEX in a 50/50 joint venture and one will be wholly owned by us.  The Mexican government has announced its desire for our new partner PEMEX to dispose of their ownership interest in these assets. PEMEX will hold an open auction to facilitate the sale which is subject to our right of first refusal. PEMEX long-term contracts to utilize these pipeline capacities will remain unchanged. The assets are all in operation and provide stable revenue streams under long-term contracts representing a weighted average [link] of 13 years with PEMEX and the Mexican federal energy company or the CFE.  The acquisitions which will be part of our pipelines and storage business extends Sempra the existing infrastructure footprint in Mexico which currently includes natural gas pipelines, distribution companies, a power plant, and our energy [inaudible] LNG terminal. The total purchase price for the acquisition of the interest in El Paso is $300 million or $260 million net of cash and debt.  We expect the transaction to close mid year and to be slightly accretive to earnings this year and contribute $0.10 per share in 2011. Now the next slide please, let me just wrap up by saying I am pleased with our results in the fourth quarter and for the full year. I’m also proud of our accomplishments in 2009 which include the completion of a five year construction program in our natural gas business and the continued progress of our major utility projects.  We have decided on our approach for the remaining business at RBS Sempra commodities, and as we exit the trading business the proceeds will help fund our robust capital program of $14.5 billion over the next five years and lead to strong predictable growth. We’ll be giving you more detail on that capital program and on our earnings projections at our upcoming conference in San Diego on March 25, and with that let me stop, open up the call, and take any questions you may have. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Greg Sheer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research 
Greg Sheer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research : Good quarter and congratulations on the process of thinking through the solution of the JV, how quickly do you think final news regarding the JV, are we talking still weeks, which you talked about last time on the call. 
Don Felsinger : I think we said last time that we expect to close the transaction with JPMorgan sometime early summer. And as far as the sale of the remaining business we and RBS are starting a dialogue now with those people who have already expressed interest. 
Greg Sheer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research : Do you think we could have some feedback on that by the time of your conference.  
Don Felsinger : I think so. The plan is is to move as quickly as we can on this. Its RBS’s desire now that we’ve made a decision to follow them, I think we’ll work together to make this happen sooner versus later. 
Greg Sheer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research : So assuming you do consummate that and you have over $2 billion in total proceeds, less the $500 to $1 billion share buyback and the cost of the El Paso acquisition you’re still going to have a few dollars left over. How are you thinking that through, are you keeping that powder dry for possible right of first refusal on the PEMEX interest. 
Don Felsinger : As I mentioned we have a fairly robust capital spending program of $14.5 [billion] so as we look at what we’re going to be doing in our utilities, looking at some of the growth opportunities that we have been looking at we’ll make a decision which of those to pull the trigger on then how much share buyback we’ll do. 
Greg Sheer – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research : And lastly after this kind of exit from the trading JV your remaining assets are pretty low risk, even though you’re outperforming today, maybe you’re at roughly an 11x 2011 multiple given the middle of your guidance whereas peers are maybe 12, 13x plus. What do you think it takes to close that gap. 
Don Felsinger : Well I think the steps we’re taking right now are going to do that. This was a decision that we had a lot of agonizing over but as we went through the options of staying in the commodities business or selling it and looking at the growth options before us it became pretty clear the best outcome for our shareholders was to go ahead, sell this business and reinvest into businesses that have higher growth potential and hopefully a higher earnings multiple.  We’ll let the market kind of catch up with the new direction we’re going but we would expect with a portfolio of businesses that we have going forward that we ought to see an uptick in the multiples in those businesses. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Barry Klein – Citi 
Barry Klein – Citi : With regard to you guidance in 2011 do you include any marketing earnings in those numbers. 
Don Felsinger : No there’s not, we’re assuming we’re out of that business in 2011.
Barry Klein – Citi : And what portion of proceeds do you expect to spend, do you expect to spend any of the proceeds from the incremental $800 million from the sale of that or do you expect to just sort of leave that on the books in cash. 
Don Felsinger : We’re going to take all the proceeds and basically recapitalize the business keeping it at a 50/50 equity structure that we have now, but remember we’ve got a fairly robust capital spending program and a lot of opportunities to buy thing like you just saw that we bought yesterday and so as we go forward we’ll redeploy that into growth projects and we’re not satisfied that we’re getting the return on the projects that we have before us within our businesses, or acquisitions—
Barry Klein – Citi : I was getting at if you included any of the earnings impact from those repurchases in your guidance for 2011.
Don Felsinger : Yes they do. 
Barry Klein – Citi : And then also have you reserved anything for when you talked about the wildfire litigation is there any incremental reserves related to that that you’ve put onto your books. 
Don Felsinger : No there’s not. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Couple of things, on the, when you first announced the sale of the European business you mentioned that you didn’t want to go any lower than BBB, with the new structure with the new lower risk profile, obviously without the trading business how do you feel about that now. 
Don Felsinger : Well we have spent a lot of time in the past couple of months working with the rating agencies to get an understanding of what it would be like with and without the commodities business and also looking at what we need to support the businesses we have where we’ve got some counter party commitments in our generation LNG business, I think we’re okay once we’re out of this commodities business to let our credit rating maybe slip a little bit.  But its still very important to us going forward because of the robustness of our capital program. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So this gives you more flexibility but doesn’t really necessarily change your goal in terms of how you reach that. 
Don Felsinger : Let me ask Mark to give you some more flavor on that because as I’ve said we spent a lot of time in the last couple of months going through this.
Mark Snell : I think generally speaking we probably don’t want to move our credit rating too much. We do have effectively A ratings at all of our utilities and we don’t want to have the parent be too far separated from those and the rating side. But I think the flexibility that we’re going to get by moving away from the trading business is our business profile that the rating agencies look at is much more secure.  So that in an of itself allows us a higher leverage ratio and lower coverage ratios then what we would have needed to get the same rating with the trading business. So I think as you see us going forward we have a little more flexibility in our balance sheet structure and how it looks while maintaining the same ratings. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  Now when we go back to the $1.6 billion, that’s tangible book value correct that you have in the business right now and your $2 billion assumption basically indicates that you get no premium over that, is that correct. 
Mark Snell : Correct, what we’re saying is well that includes the premium on the sale to the JPMorgan business but we’re not, we just did that without saying what we thought the premium would be on the North American Power and Gas business and obviously we don’t, we’re not going to communicate that number what we think it is now because that will be all debt, so we’ll let the market decide what that is. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: But I guess I’m saying is that it seems like you are using a conservative estimate here because one would expect that there would be a premium correct. 
Mark Snell : Absolutely. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And could you remind us what the premium was for the JPMorgan European transaction. 
Mark Snell : It was $460 million. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Also the tangible book value. 
Mark Snell : Correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Now if you were to get a premium I would assume it would be a tax impact could you just give us a little flavor because of course this is a little bit convoluted with the RBS JV, what kind of tax impact we might be seeing in terms of any premium on top of that. 
Mark Snell : We think the tax impact will be relatively small, we do have some goodwill on the books that would absorb some of the gain but once we’ve, if you get a large premium most of the North American Power and Gas business is in the US obviously. There’s some in Canada. But both of those rates are going to be in the 38% kind of range. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And the goodwill offset you were thinking about, how much would that be. 
Mark Snell : We do have some goodwill on the books and its about between $100 and $150 million. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then the PEMEX assets, that are going to be up for auction, could you give us a little bit of a flavor for what the size of those are. 
Don Felsinger : They’re a 50/50 partner so you can assume what we paid for them is kind of what the market is going to have as a starting point for their 50% ownership. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Levi – First New York
Andrew Levi – First New York: Just obviously you said your risk profile is going to change, a lot of things are going to change, how are you going to view the dividend now because obviously you’ve had a traditionally low payout ratio profile changes that you approach toward the dividend change. 
Don Felsinger : Here’s a dilemma, we are still a growth company. Talking about spending $14.5 million over the next five years when you look at the next couple of years, we’re going to be out [inaudible] half that to fund that growth so increasing the dividend at this point in time would not be appropriate. And I think as long as we’re still on a rapid growth cycle, as we are, we’re going to keep our dividend policy as it is.  But as soon as we get to the point that we’re leveling off on our capital spending I think we’ll go back and revisit that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leslie Rich - Columbia Management 
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management:  I wondered if you could talk about the implications strategically of not being in North American Gas and Power trading more particularly gas trading because you’ve often discussed the benefit that that has given you in terms of your investments and assets and sort of the strategic intelligence and just wondered if you, how you would replicate that or if you would plan to have some sort of internal department monitoring that going forward or sort of how to think about you being right out of the business entirely. 
Don Felsinger : That’s a good point, its one of the things we’re going to cover when we meet with you next month, but we have a lot of natural gas assets with our pipelines and storage, our generation and our LNG business and so you should think about us building up either an optimization program or a natural gas trading program around our existing businesses. 
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: But one could assume that wouldn’t be a very capital intensive high volume kind of business, you’re not trying to replicate what you had.
Don Felsinger : That’s correct. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I think you know where I’m going to come from what would entice you to buy back the commodities business, I know you said you couldn’t get the right credit facilities or agreements but at some point the price becomes so stupid you say you know what, I don’t want to sell this, I want to buy this, what is that break off point. 
Don Felsinger : This is one of those things that we have noodled from every direction trying to find a way to buy RBS out of their piece and my sense is there’s such a robust interest on this remaining piece that its not going to be discounted at all, as a matter of fact it will go for a premium. When we’ve looked at staying in this business it was really an issue for us of having to go out and issue about $2 billion in equity just to maintain the earnings that are in this business.  And looking at the options that we have of deploying this money into growth projects, it just didn’t come out where it was even close from a shareholder outcome of us staying in this business or growing it in an area where we can achieve earnings that will get a higher multiple. 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Can you tell me, I have a sense that you’re kind of looking at your Mexican acquisition with something more than just a stand alone business, can you give us a grand strategy around why you are doing this particular acquisition. Is it to connect eventually to Baja [inaudible] and create kind of a pathway for gas back and forth from Gulf Coast to the US West Coast. What’s the grand strategy here that lays behind this strategy. 
Don Felsinger : Well when you think about our position in Mexico, one is Mexico has some of the same environmental issues that we’re trying to address here in the States, natural gas is becoming the fuel of choice in Mexico. The area that we’re investing in has high growth. And so when you look at the portfolio of assets we’re putting together in Mexico, we plan to take advantage of what we see as a fairly robust opportunity of these businesses to grow. 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: So you’re trying to duplicate Southern California Gas in Mexico. 
Don Felsinger : Well I’m not sure that our design schemes are that big, but we have found Mexico to be a very favorable place to invest money. The regulations are very clear. Its an environment that is conducive to the long-term types of assets that we’re building and the direction of the government in terms of their environmental and energy policies are right in line with the types of investments that we’re making.  So we plan to get bigger there and we have some other things that we’re thinking about in terms of that business but I’m not going to talk about them in this call but when you show up at our analyst conference we’ll give you some more flavor but once again remember these assets are fully contracted for the next 13 years. 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Any chance you can give me a rate of return on that business. 
Don Felsinger : Its in the, the IRR is unlevered at low double-digit. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Unspecified Analyst – CDP US
Unspecified Analyst – CDP US: I’m wondering given the capital program you discussed and I happen to whole heartedly agree about the dividend comment you made earlier should we then kind of take from that the organic opportunity plate you have in front of you would then probably preclude any kind of material or significant corporate M&A in terms of proceeds and utilization of balance sheet. 
Don Felsinger : First of all take my comment with a grain of salt about issuing equity to remain in the commodities business, we don’t have any aversion against issuing equity around here, if we can do it for the right reasons. And if we saw an opportunity to buy something that we thought was a good purchase and it required issuing equity, we would do that in a heart beat.  But so far the things that we have that are organic growth within our existing businesses and some of these smaller things that we are seeing on the fringe that have great returns really are the direction that we’re currently going. 
Unspecified Analyst – CDP US: I very much concur, I’m just trying to frame in terms of what I think, in terms of what might be realistic expectations as an example if there’s a difference between doing like an energy south kind of transaction as opposed to something that like we’ve seen more recently within the energy space as well as the utility space. I’m just trying to kind of get a sense of scale as to given your organic opportunities and the hurdle rate that something more significant would require. 
Don Felsinger : Its kind of hard for me to give you a general answer but its one is if we found a transaction no matter what the size is and it had the right returns and it was in the space that we’re looking at we would find a way to make it happen, issuing equity or not. We have just found that many of the larger deals that we look at because of the premium required and when they’re utility deals and the sharing you have to do back with customers, they just don’t look out for our shareholders. 
Unspecified Analyst – CDP US: That was basically the point I was getting at and that was what I wanted to try to make sure I understood at this point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Goldenberg – Luminous 
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous : I wanted to get a better understanding on the sale of the commodities business, I guess originally you selected JPMorgan and everything was going well and then US government made several comments, that at least to us outside it seems to have tempered JPMorgan’s interest in the overall business. Now you’re saying because you can’t work it out with RBS you’re going to sell the business. You mentioned you have several interested buyers. Just to give us a flavor, the parties that are interested are they less concerned about potential federal regulations, are they not subject to those federal regulations, what makes them interested now that they weren’t interested when JPMorgan originally was around, or maybe they were and I just don’t know.
Don Felsinger : Let me start and I’ll have Mark give you the flavor since you worked on this, but we had different types of buyers that had an interest in this business. We had some of those that wanted to buy the entire business. And then we had others that wanted the pieces and so going forward if those that wanted smaller pieces of the business that we think will end up transacting with for the North American piece, but Mark do you want to shed some—
Mark Snell : Without naming any names, I can say that I think the people that are interested in the North American Power and Gas business are not worried about the federal regulations as it applies to financial institutions. A lot of them are not financial institutions or they’re not financial institutions in the sense of being large depository banks. So I think from that perspective it’s a little bit different universe.  This now actually is much more attractive to a lot of people because its of a size that’s more manageable for companies that aren’t JPMorgan size or Deutsche Bank size. So I think from that perspective I think there’s, it’s a more manageable more easy to do kind of transaction and there’ high interest. So I think we’re fairly optimistic that we’ll get a good price. 
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous : And my other question is just on the numbers, you seem to be, when you announced the first transaction with JPMorgan you reduced earnings guidance so I assume it implies that that sell of the business even with the great proceeds was dilutive. Now you new guidance for 2011 which is going to have no earnings in the business, no earnings from the commodities business actually we’re seeing upward trajectory in earnings from 2010 to 2011. I’m trying to reconcile that in my head does that mean that maybe 2010 was conservative and including when you included commodities you were trying to be extra conservative or is there just this big share buyback that’s creating accretion even though you’re selling another half of the business when the first half was dilutive, something is numerically is difficult to reconcile. 
Mark Snell : Its not really that difficult, I think at the end of the day its fairly, it’s a matter of timing. We have two things going on, one the 2010 guidance adjusts for the fact that we have a very much reduced commodities expectation in that number and we’re getting the monies or the proceeds from the sales towards the middle to the end of the year. And with 2011 we can redeploy those proceeds and some of them which will give instant earnings accretion which is like for instance the share buyback.  And we’ll have some new investments coming on line, like our Mexican pipeline assets and then also just reflective of the fact that our other businesses have fairly good growth. Our utilities are going to grow our other businesses are going to grow and so that’s all reflected in the 2011 guidance. So I think from a, one of the things that we’re showing here is yes, we are kind of resetting the bar where we’re going from a move forward position, but we’re absolutely going to grow this business robustly into the future and this is where, and this is the direction its going to be and its going to be growth in things that I think our shareholders are going to appreciate, give a higher multiple to and we think it will be a better stock. 
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous : No question about it, maybe it just seemed to me that 2010 to me seemed like could have some upside if you’re going to hang onto the business a little longer than I guess estimated.
Mark Snell : There’s always that side with us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: I actually have a couple of questions if time will permit I want to come back to the utilities, actually want to come back to raise it a notch or two and come back to the state of California, the state of California is having pretty difficult financial time right now. I think even in the last 24 hours there was some news flow about bond issuances. At what point do we think about California potentially as a regulatory environment for utilities mean reverting. It was not 10 years ago where people would have looked maybe its 11 or 12 years ago that people would have looked at California and said, it was the worst in the country. Its probably spent the last five or seven years as the very best in the country. Is what’s happening in California as a state financially or economically the driver that over the next couple of years maybe not sends it right back down to number 50 but mean reverts it back from being kind of the best regulatory environment in the nation. 
Don Felsinger : Let me ask Debbie to weigh on this but let me just provide at least a view from my perspective, California like the rest of the country for the last 20 or 30 years hasn’t had an energy policy. And customers have kind of swung up and down depending on the price of oil and natural gas because of that. California adopted a policy about four or five years ago to go its own way and to become less dependent upon fossil fuels and to have a higher build out of renewables along with energy efficiency and demand side management. And that direction had support not just from the regulators at the commission but also from the elected officials in Sacramento. And even today with, there’s no doubt that we have a tough economic climate in California, when you look at the fact that the one thing that we’re blessed with in California is fairly decent weather and we don't have a large base of industrial customers. This has not been an issue.  Now that doesn’t mean that it can’t be at some point in the future but everything today says we’re going to stay the course, we’re going to continue down this path we’ve been on for the last five or 10 years because what we want longer term is price stability in California from the energy sector. Let me just stop there and have Debbie—
Debbie Reed : I don’t have much to add to that, I would say that we have some of the lowest bills in the US and to emphasize that and that’s because California has invested so much in energy efficiency to reduce customer bills. And that is a bipartisan leadership position of our state that from the Governor to the legislature to the commission and the regulatory agencies there is true alignment of where the state sees the future in this area. As a matter of fact there was just recently a discussion at a commission meeting on this issue and the discussion was around the need of the commission to provide the stability in regulation to ensure that these long-term investments can be made to create that future that they envision and I think the most recent example of that is we just got the decision from the assigned commissioner on Smart Meter for SoCalGas which reinforces, this is a $1.1 billion project and the assigned commissioner is proposing approval of that.  And so I think that’s an example that our commission is really focused on achieving this long-term vision of infrastructure, development and stability for customers. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: One follow-up question, unrelated business, when you’re looking down at the Gulf and looking at post the acquisition of energy south, about how many storage caverns you anticipate building over the next few years, both at Bay Gas and Mississippi hub, has that changed since your prior outlook given what’s happened just to electricity demand down there.  
Don Felsinger : I’m going to have Neal give you a perspective but I would just say that you have to come back to the way that we develop and contract these facilities. We don’t build any of these things unless there’s a customer requirement or demand or sign up for storage capacity. And so we’ve always approached this business that yes gas prices will be volatile, and they’ll be less volatile but what really counts here as we look at building these projects in good locations is whether or not we can get customers to sign up to use these facilities and that will always be the direction we go forward with our development program in the Gulf. 
Neal Schmale : Short answer is we’re still on the same trajectory that we’ve communicated earlier. We have a little bit over 11 BCF of capacity that’s fully contracted and operational and we’re going to increase that by about 12.5 by year end and a significant portion of that is contracted as well. So I just would underline what Don said which is that our fundamental approach to these kinds of businesses is to contract a significant portion of the capacity before we commit to the construction. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leon Dubov - Catapult Capital
Leon Dubov - Catapult Capital: I realize this is kind of a fairly unlikely scenario but maybe you could kind of humor me, if for some reason that there is not enough interest in the North American business what are you fall back plans if you can’t sell it. Would you prefer to just wind it down or would you then look at owing the whole thing in some kind of scaled down version. 
Don Felsinger : First of all let’s go with the premise that RBS is going to get out of this business period and so with that there will be an exit that is planned. Its hard for me to see how we would stay in this business just looking at the amount of robust interest that’s already been expressed in buying the remaining parts. 
Mark Snell : I would say that I think the premise is actually it is quite remote but if it were to be the case and alternative you could wind down the business and I don't think we would have any problem getting our book value out of it at the kind of a worse case scenario so I think from that perspective it’s a relatively low risk kind of perspective and one of the reasons I [inaudible] a lot of comfort in that is as we have discussed previously the North American Gas and Power business right now because of a relatively flat basis across the country, and with the [contangos] that have come in lately I think you find that we don’t have as large a net investment in that business as we’ve had in the past. And so we’re sitting on a fair amount of cash and we’ve talked about some distributions already and there’s still a cushion in the business so I don’t think it would be a tough thing to do but I think generally speaking we think that’s a very very remote outcome and it just makes so much sense for so many different parties to step into this thing at this time that I just don’t I just really don’t think its going to happen. 
Leon Dubov - Catapult Capital: What kind of timeframe do you think we’d be looking at in this continued unlikely case of a wind down to get the book value out so sort of similar worst case outcome to a sale but in a different format. 
Mark Snell : I think like I said most of the money is already in cash and so the remaining amount which would only be less than $500 million is the average book life is 18 months, so you would roll off in roughly that period. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessi Loudon – Zimmer Lucas 
Jessi Loudon – Zimmer Lucas : Just had a quick question regarding some of the proceeds just in terms on the exit from the business but just with respect to the earnings, I know you earned about $345 million this year. As I understand it you usually get the dividends next year, and you’re projecting in your 2010 guidance of about $200 million, so how should we think of that extra $500 million of earnings, is that included in the proceeds or would it be incremental. 
Mark Snell : That is the, the extra $200 million is not included, last year’s earnings is included in the proceeds. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of an Unspecified Analyst 
Unspecified Analyst: I just wanted one clarification on your comments regarding the target rating, now obviously if you sell this business you can’t keep the BBB positive rating at the rating agencies I would think, but in terms of your targeted rating are you still looking at BBB flat or better or now that you’re not going to get the commodity business you’re looking at BBB positive and would like to stay there. 
Mark Snell : I think we’ll always be BBB flat or better, and even with the commodities business, we consider that where we’d be. We’re BBB plus right now, we think that this, that for the most part the rating agencies will keep us at that, we don’t expect a change even with these plans. 
Unspecified Analyst: I would think so but in terms of your targeting, are you targeting BBB positive now. 
Mark Snell : We’re targeting, we would not go below BBB flat, we’re targeting BBB positive. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rudy Tolentino – Morgan Stanley 
Rudy Tolentino – Morgan Stanley : Looking out to 2012 should we expect 2012 earnings to be flat given the roll off of the CDWR contracts net any new growth investments. 
Don Felsinger : We’re going to save something for the analyst call, we’ve given way more information than we normally give at this point in our planning cycle and so we’re really not going to address 2012 or other future years until you come and see us in April.
Rudy Tolentino – Morgan Stanley : But can you just maybe give me a sense of what your plans for hedging your gas generation assets going forward on the CDWR contracts expire or is that, I’ll let you give a shot a that.  
Mark Snell : I think what we’re looking at to do is obviously to try to maximize the revenue potential of those assets. We’re looking at a lot of different ways to recognize that potential. And obviously there will be some degradation in income in that business unit but we think we have other business units that are going to do much much better. So generally speaking we’ll be fine. 
Rudy Tolentino – Morgan Stanley : But is this something that you are looking to, are you thinking about like selling the—
Mark Snell : No I think generally speaking we’re going to continue to operate those assets. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Alley - Decade Capital
John Alley - Decade Capital: I was just wondering if you could clarify something for me, I heard earlier you were saying you’re targeting a 50/50 capital structure is that right. 
Don Felsinger : That’s what we have now and with those capital programs we have underway its what we are going to try to maintain. 
John Alley - Decade Capital: Okay because in the past you said if trading weren’t really an issue you’d look to take it to more 40% or 60/40. 
Mark Snell : That’s probably something that I had said in the past and let me just be clear, what I said was was that our non-utility businesses could support a little, probably could have a little bit higher leverage but our utilities businesses which are vast majority of our balance sheet are a 50/50 capital structure or even a little less leverage. And so when you average the two, we still kind of come out around 50/50 and to be honest, we don’t, we frankly don’t manage to a capital structure from that perspective.  We manage to a coverage ratio and when we are in a growth mode as we are currently in and building projects ahead of their cash flow we tend to have to manage to a slightly better leverage, less leverage just to maintain our coverage ratios. And that’s really where we operate.  Now with that I will say the fact that we’re selling the commodity business gives us a little more flexibility in our coverage ratios because our earnings are now a lot more predictable and a lot more certain, we don’t need as high a coverage ratio as we have in the past but even with revised ratios we’ll still be around 50/50 coverage, that’s the way it will work it. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Mike Bolt – Wells Fargo
Mike Bolt – Wells Fargo: In terms of the 2011 guidance if you do get a premium on the North American commodities business does that represent maybe some potential upside to the 465 high end or is it included in there. 
Mark Snell : Its not included, it would be a little bit of upside depending on how we were able to deploy the proceeds. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Don Felsinger : Thanks again to all of you for taking time this afternoon to join us for our fourth quarter earnings call. Any follow on questions, get a hold of Jeff or Scott. Have a great day and we’ll see you on March 25 in sunny San Diego, take care.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-09 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Don Felsinger - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Neal Schmale - President & Chief Operating Officer Mark Snell - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Debbie Reed - President & Chief Executive Officer of Utilities Joe Householder - Senior Vice President & Controller Jeff Martin - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Leon Dubov - Catapult Capital Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Adam Wiseman - Luminous Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Charles Sharett - Credit Suisse Faisel Khan - Citi John Alley - Decade Capital Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy third quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Martin; please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Martin: Good morning. I want to thank each of you for joining us. I trust many of you’re probably catching up in the office after returning from EEI, so we appreciate, you take the time for our call. This morning, we’ll be discussing Sempra Energy’s third quarter 2009 financial results. A live Webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the investor section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team including Don Felsinger, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neal Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Debbie Reed, President and CEO of our utilities; and Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller. You’ll note that slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement, please remember that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know, they involve risk, uncertainties and assumptions so, future results may differ materially from those expressed in our call. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are described at the bottom of today’s press release and are further discussed in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It’s important to also note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation today are shown on a diluted basis. Like the format of our prior calls, we’ll first take you through our financial results, followed by an operating update and then conclude with any questions you might have. With that I’d like to now turn it over to Don who will begin with slide three.
Don Felsinger: Thanks, Jeff and again, thank you all for joining us. Before I discuss the quarter, I want to briefly update you on recent developments with the Royal Bank in Scotland. As many of you are aware, RBS has announced a second restructuring plan that includes the sale of their ownership stake in our commodities joint venture. There are several points worth noting, first I want you all of just remember of this is a core business of Sempra. It operates in markets that we know and understand. It’s highly profitable and more importantly, we’re committed to being in this business for the long term. Second, as RBS goes about divesting its share, they are committed to providing all required capital and credit support and third the process will be orderly and significantly influenced by our participation. Our existing agreement doesn’t allow for a sale prior to April of 2012. A quicker sale, which could be advantageous, would require new mutual consent. As a final point I’m certain we’ll manage through this transition away that not only preserves, but creates value for our shareholders and does so in away that gives confidence to both our employees and customers and based on our conversations with RBS’s management, I can tell you that our interests are aligned in that regard. Now on to the financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $317 million or $1.27 per share, an increase from $308 million or $1.24 per share in the same period last year. It’s important to note that results for the third quarter of last year included a $40 million retroactive benefit from the resolution of General Rate Cases at our California utilities. For the first nine months of 2009, earnings increased to $831 million or $3.37 per share, up from $794 million or $3.13 per share. You’ll recall that in the second quarter of this year, we recorded a $64 million or $0.26 per share write-off related to the Liberty Gas Storage project. Earnings per share for the first nine months of 2009 without the impact of the onetime write-off of liberty, improved 16% over last year. Now, the reason I want to make this point is because it highlights the strength of our underlying businesses. These strong results keep us on track to meet our 2009 financial goals. Now, let me hand it over to Mark so, he can take you through some of the details of the financial results, beginning with slide four.
Mark Snell: Thanks, Don. Well at San Diego Gas and Electric, earnings for the third quarter were $108 million, compared with earnings of $123 million in the year ago quarter. Third quarter 2009 results include a $9 million benefit from the resolution of regulatory matters. Third quarter 2008 results include a $33 million retroactive benefit from the resolution of the general rate case and a $12 million benefit from the resolution of tax issues, which were partially offset by $17 million of litigation expense. At Southern California Gas, third quarter 2009 earnings were $74 million that compares with $77 million in the third quarter of 2008. The current quarter’s earnings benefited from strong operating performance. The quarter-over-quarter comparison was due to benefits recorded in the third quarter of 2008, which included a $7 million retroactive benefit from the resolution of the general rate case and a $7 million benefit from the resolution of some regulatory matters. Now, let’s go to slide five. Sempra Commodities earnings in the third quarter of 2009 were $75 million, a significant improvement over last year’s results. Performance in the quarter was led by the natural gas and metals businesses. Many of you will recall that last year’s third quarter was negligence toughly impacted by losses in power marketing driven by the steep decline in commodity prices during the quarter. For the first nine months of the year, commodities earnings have increased to $274 million, up from $181 million in the first nine months of 2008, an increase of more than 50%. It’s also important to note that the first nine months of 2008 included $37 million in net benefits from onetime items related to the formation of the joint venture with RBS in the second quarter, as well as Sempra Energy’s 100% ownership of the commodities business in the first quarter. Now let’s move to slide six. Here we show how income is allocated at the joint venture for the quarter and the first nine months of the year. A couple of highlights; first, the joint venture had income of $83 million during the quarter, after applying the income allocation methodology the distributable to Sempra were $60 million. After adjusting for U.S. GAAP and for the impact of taxes, Sempra’s joint venture equity earnings for the quarter were $75 million, up from a loss of $3 million in the same quarter in 2008. For the first nine months of 2009, the joint venture had income of $379 million and Sempra’s equity earnings were $278 million. Now let’s move to slide seven. Third quarter earnings for our generation business were $43 million, compared with $94 million in the same quarter in 2008. Third quarter 2009 results reflect $12 million of lower earnings from operations due to less favorable market pricing compared to the same quarter last year. In addition, the third quarter of 2008 included a $28 million mark-to-market gain on forward contracts and $8 million in tax benefits from the El Dorado Solar project. Please move to slide eight. Sempra Pipelines & Storage recorded earnings of $54 million in the third quarter of 2009, up from earnings of $34 million in the same quarter last year. Third quarter 2009 results benefited $15 million from the favorable resolution of tax issues, as well as $6 million of increased earnings from Rockies Express. For the first nine months of 2009, earnings were $64 million. The decrease as compared to the prior year’s results is due the $64 million write-off related to the Liberty Gas Storage project that was recorded last quarter. Now please turn to slide nine. Now, this slide provides a summary of our business unit results. I’d like to highlight a couple of things here. Sempra LNG broke even in the third quarter of 2009, compared with earnings of $4 million in the prior year’s quarter, which included $13 million in mark-to-market earnings. The third quarter of 2009 included, $5 million higher earnings from the start up of terminal and marketing operations as well as higher income tax benefits. At Parent & Other, we recorded a loss of $37 million in the third quarter that compares with a loss of $16 million in the same quarter in 2008. The increase in loss was due to the combination of higher interest expense and higher income taxes. Please turn to slide 10. Overall, our results for the quarter and the first nine months of the year were excellent. Excluding the Liberty Storage write-off last quarter, earnings per share were up 16% over the first nine months of 2008. Year-to-date, 2009 operating cash flow more than doubled over the prior year period. A notable contributor was over $400 million in cash we received this year from RBS Sempra Commodities. We ended the third quarter with roughly $800 million in cash on our balance sheet and $3.1 billion available under our credit lines. From a credit perspective, there are a couple things I’d also like to highlight. Last month, Sempra Energy issued $750 million of 30 year debt at a 6% coupon and S&P affirmed Sempra Energy’s credit rating of BBB plus and raised our outlook to stable. With that, I’d like to turn it back over to Don who’ll begin with slide 11.
Don Felsinger: Thanks Mark. Now let me update you on some of our business activities, starting with our utility projects. Our largest project, the Sunrise Powerlink transmission line, is scheduled to be in service in the second half of 2012. We’re awaiting the final approval from the U.S. Forest Service, which we expect in the first quarter of next year. Turning to our Smart Meter programs at SoCalGas, we’re seeking approval from the CPUC to install 6 million gas meters in phases from 2012 to year end 2017. We hope to have a final CPUC decision early next year. At SDG&E we’re well underway with the installation of Smart Meters and have now installed almost 150,000 meters. We expect to have over 200,000 meters installed by year end and to complete all 2.5 million installations by year end 2011. I’d also like to point out one of our new projects we’ve recently announced, the ECO Substation, a renewable energy hub in East San Diego County. This project will greatly expand SDG&E’s capability to both receive clean, renewable energy from areas east of our service territory, and deliver that power to customers here in San Diego. In August, we filed an application with the CPUC for this $270 million project. We hope to receive Commission approval in the first half of 2010, which would enable SDG&E to begin construction next year with a view toward placing the substation in service in the first half of 2012. This project is incremental to the capital program that we presented in March of this year and is another good example of the growing role that renewables and related infrastructure will play in our future capital spending program. Now, if you would go to slide 12. We recently made two key filings with the CPUC and I’d like to briefly detail them. First, we filed a petition with the Commission to request a one year extension in the filing of our rate cases for SDG&E and SoCalGas. This was a joint request in conjunction with the division of Ratepayer Advocate’s and would require a full commission vote to approve. If approved, the decision what essentially extend the current framework by one year to 2013, with an attrition year revenue increase in 2012 consistent with prior years. The second filing I’d like to mention is related to SDG&E’s cost of capital. We asked the CPUC to defer the next cost of capital proceedings by two years. Our current cost of capital was established last year as a part of a joint proceeding with PG&E and Southern California Edison and all three utilities were originally scheduled to file a cost of capital application with the Commission in 2010. If our request is approved, we would file the next application in 2012, which would be effective in 2013 and this would be on the same schedule recently approved for PG&E and Southern California Edison. Now, please go to slide 13. In September, Sempra Generation acquired a 50% interest in the Fowler Ridge II Wind Farm located in Indiana. We’re equal partners with BP in this 200 megawatt project which is now under construction. We expect to complete construction and bring the project into service by year end. Consistent with Sempra’s contracting strategy, the power generated by this project is fully contracted for 20 years. This project has attractive economics and also enables us to increase our hands on experience with wind projects as we evaluate similar opportunities here in our core geographic area of focus, the Southwest. Now let’s move to slide 14. As many of you know, we benefit from controlling a large amount of land around two of our existing natural gas plants, which are located in desert areas and are ideal locations for Solar Generation and with ready access to major Electric Transmission Corridors, Sempra Generation is well situated to become a leading owner and operator of Solar Generation in the Southwest. The 10 megawatt El Dorado Solar project which is adjacent to our El Dorado combined cycle gas plant in Nevada is currently in service and selling its power under a 20 year contract to PG&E. We plan to expand the capacity at this location by 48 megawatts in a project we call Copper Mountain Solar. We’ve secured agreements for both the construction of the plant and the sale of the power under a long term contract. The power sales agreement also with PG&E is now before the CPUC for approval. We expect to receive this approval before year end and plan for the project to be brought online in phases through early 2011. A much larger opportunity exists near our street natural gas fired plant outside of Phoenix where we owned roughly 4,000 acres. We expect that our land position there could support up to 500 megawatts of solar. Before we move to the next slide, I want to update you on the litigation related to Sempra Generation’s contract with the California department of water resources. On October 26, a Jury Trial began here in San Diego Superior Court involving the 10 year power contract, Sempra Generation signed in 2001 with the California department of water resources or CDWR. The litigation involves power deliveries and the decision not to build a temporary peaker facility at the electrical power plant. Essentially this CDWR is seeking damages or rescission of the contract. We believe that we have abided by all of our contractual obligations. We do not believe these claims have any merit, and therefore, have not taken any reserves for this case. Now let’s go to slide 15. I’d like to remind you of the new sources of revenue at our pipelines and storage and LNG businesses. At Pipelines and Storage the Rockies Express Pipeline is nearing completion of the full 1.8 billion cubic feet per day of capacity for Clarington, Ohio and we continue to make progress with our gas storage developments in the Gulf Coast. With the goal of bringing an incremental 12.5 billion cubic feet of capacity online at Bay Gas and Mississippi Hub in the second half of next year. At our LNG businesses, we’re now receiving revenue from all of our major long term contracts. In the third quarter, we began receiving revenue for the full contract quantities of the BP wind contract at our Costa Azul terminal, as well as from the contract with ENI for capacity at the Cameron terminal. With these new contracted revenue streams, LNG will start to show a continuing profit beginning next quarter. Now please go to the final slide. I’d like to conclude by saying that I’m pleased with our results in the third quarter and even more so for the first nine months of the year. If you step back from the day’s results, one of the key takeaways is our business is continuing to grow with a fair degree of certainty. Our utilities are expecting capital spending to increase by over 50% next year and that’s all within a regulatory compact where we earn solid returns without exposure to commodity sales. Our large four year construction program and our natural gas business is nearing completion and that means a full year’s benefit in 2010 from new cash flows from long term contracts and what you’ll see us do for the remainder of this year is focus on areas where we can continue to improve the certainty of that growth story. We’ll do that by increasing the certainty of our cost of capital, extending our general rate case at the utilities through year end 2012 and completing projects at our infrastructure businesses that will capture new contracted sources of revenue. With that, let me stop and take any questions that you might have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Just on the RBS transaction, do you anticipate any changes in your future growth rate because of RBS having to eventually pull out or in other words are we confident that RBS will continue to support this joint venture while it owns it?
Don Felsinger: Lasan, there’s a lot to be learned here. This business is well positioned to grow under the right circumstances and with the right partners. So I think that in the next several months I can give you a better answer to that, but this business, the reason we have the platform we have with RBS was to take it places that are global and I think as RBS looks to replace themselves with a new partner, that will be one of the key considerations we’ll look at.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Then is there an opportunity or do you know of other firms who could deliver the same kind of international and global growth that RBS promised or had looked to be able to deliver?
Don Felsinger: You bet. One of the things that are interesting is that this deal just got announced or the statements by RBS that they’re divesting and a number of calls, the amount of interest we’ve seen in this are really amazing. I think it goes to the fact that people just recognize what a valuable franchise we have, everybody wants to be a part of it.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Then Don, I know it’s not possible now, but in four years’ time if there’s not a suitable partner, would Sempra consider stepping in and taking it back?
Don Felsinger: Lasan, I think everything is on the table. It’s very early. I think the only thing that I can say with certainly is that Sempra’s going to be a part of this business whether it’s alone or with a partner.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Could you talk about your guidance, it seems, but it’s kind of conservative at this point. Four quarter should be shaping up better than kind of the $0.98 or a buck 23. Any thoughts on when or how much you might increase your guidance?
Don Felsinger: I think we’re satisfied with where we are for the year. I mean, the thing that I think is interesting, when I look at our guidance is, remember we put this guidance together for 2009 over a year and a half ago and during that time period, a lot of things have happened, we ended up getting the RBS deal done. We had a global meltdown. Credit markets shutdown. The economy went in the tank. We had gas prices that dropped to some very low levels. We had a big write-down with Liberty Gas Storage and with all that going on. We’re still keeping our same guidance for the year. So I think it says a lot about the strength of our businesses that we have and we’re comfortable with the range we provided, the 435 to 460 for this year.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: One last question, the ECO Substation, you said it was not in part of your original budget plans. How much more of this kind of upside CapEx spending can we foresee over the next couple of years?
Don Felsinger: That’s the interesting thing about this business, is not only do the you utilities have more opportunity because of the 33% goal that’s being put forward by the state, but the opportunities we have in our non-utility businesses. When I look at the five year plan we shared with you back in March, there’s probably another $1.5 billion of projects that aren’t in that forecast that we’re currently working on, so I would say that the opportunities for us are quite bountiful right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Leon Dubov - Catapult Capital.
Leon Dubov - Catapult Capital: I just wanted to double check. I guess you said that, at least one of the options on the table would be for you guys to take back or at least part of commodities and I’m wondering if you can comment on what that would mean in terms of capital commitment. Is there some part of this business that you’re more likely to take back and what the capital associated with that would be.
Don Felsinger: Leon, I would say that’s probably too early in the process right now to answer that with the amount of interest that we have seen so far, my expectation is, we’ll find a good partner that will want to step in and take RBS’s position and somebody that we’re happy with. I do think that the thing that’s key here is that, people have been asking me, do we have a desire to stay in this business? The answer is absolutely, yes. This is a business that we’ve been in now going on 12 years. We grew it to this point. It’s a business we understand. It’s a business that we know what makes it work. It’s a business that’s got great employees and a great franchise, so you will see and whatever outcome we have here, Sempra ‘s name attached to this business.
Leon Dubov - Catapult Capital: Can you comment at all on who this interest it spending from it other banks or other types of players?
Neal Schmale: I’ll let Mark talk to this, but we have seen people from all spectrums of the business community.
Mark Snell: Yes, look, I think that’s the exciting thing that’s happened, maybe surprises us a little bit. We figured that there would be some financial players that would be interested and there certainly are. Some of the, obviously, some of the bigger banks, both domestic and international that have not received or have paid back all of their government assistance, they are interested. I don’t know if you saw the JP Morgan Article that was out a couple days ago with some statements by Jamie Dimon and their commodity folks about their interest in the physical commodity business, I think that is indicative of all the financial institutions are looking at this is a real area of interest for them and an area of potential growth, but I think the thing that was kind of more interesting to us was in the number of industrial companies traditional kind of commodity oriented companies that are looking at this that include other financial institutions. Other types of things, big funds, big sovereign wealth funds and some of the industrial players with large commodity presences in the oil companies and those kinds of things that are looking at it, so at the end of the day, I think there is a lot of interest. It’s all pretty positive. I think all of it bodes well for the future growth of the business, no matter who the partner is and I think we’re probably more excited about this business than ever. So I think from that perspective, we have a great franchise, it’s highly valuable, it’s highly profitable. We’re in it and we’re going to stay in it and we’ll come up with a new partner or new configuration that makes sense for us.
operator: Your next question comes from Leslie Rich - Columbia Management.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Well, there was work load issue with the Commission and they found themselves ending up with two GRCs in the same year and when we had a conversation with the division of Ratepayer Advocates and one of the options for them was to extend us for a year. It gave us certainty, and I think that’s one of the things I’ll let Debbie continue this answer here, but it’s one of the things we like about our businesses is, certainty and the fact that we have another year now of knowing what the attrition increase is going to be, plays well into the way we run the business. Any other attributes, Debbie, you want to add to that?
Debbie Reed: Let me just comment, Leslie, that when we filed our original rate case we had asked for a five year period of time for the reasons that Don is speaking of. When we know what revenue requirements we get against it gives us the opportunity to manage our costs very efficiently during the period of time, to hedge costs as part of our business. So the longer period of timeworks well for us. I would also say, you have to remember that for us, our base business capital is in our general rate case, but for projects like the ECO Substation. We go in and request incremental capital for that type of growth and so this is really managing our base business and when we have the certainty of an incremental $100 million of revenue requirement, which we settled for with DRA, that that gives us the opportunity to start now planning on how we’re going to manage the business.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: On the Mesquite Solar, tell me again what’s the status on that, that’s a project that you’re currently looking for PPAs?
Don Felsinger: That’s correct.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: You could go up to 500 megawatts?
Don Felsinger: Yes, it depends on the technology. If we went to the less efficient thin film panels that we put in at El Dorado, we probably could develop it out to about 350 or so megawatts. Going to more efficient panels, go up to 500 megawatts. We have found that in this current competitive environment that the cost of the solar has dropped off significantly and we are having discussions with a number of parties for off-take agreements from the project.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Wiseman - Luminous.
Adam Wiseman - Luminous: Two questioning here; first, when is the CPUC scheduled to rule on the cost of capital request, have you guys seen any opposition from turn or DRA?
Don Felsinger: Let me have Debbie respond to that, Adam.
Debbie Reed: Our cost of capital delay requesting a two year. The CPUC did rule in Edison and PG&E’s case and this is a settlement that we filed in support DRA, the division of Ratepayer Advocates, is in support of our cost of capital delay. To be on the same schedule as that of the other two utilities that’s already been approved by the CPUC. We just made the filing and so it will probably be in the first quarter of next year that we would expect a decision from the full commission on this.
Adam Wiseman - Luminous: Then you’d also just mentioned a moment ago with the solar project, a decision between the less efficient thin film and the other technology. Where do you guys stand on that today?
Don Felsinger: We’re kind of technology agnostic. We look at prices we can get from venders and the attributes of whatever it is we’re installing and go with the option that provides the best returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just wanted to follow back on the RBS deal, I mean I’ve got to assume that it would be in the best interest of everyone to sort of under normal circumstances to have the deal go as quickly as possible as opposed to it taking more than a year or so to sort of get a picture on this, just because of the human factor. Am I right about that or I mean, how much time should we think about a potential deal probably taking?
Don Felsinger: I think you’re correct in that assessment. Even though the contract that we have with RBS puts a timeframe of April 2012 before either party can transact. We want to do what’s right for the business, what’s right for the employees and what’s right for the customers and probably looking at the level of interest that we’re getting in the marketplace that you could expect that this would transact sooner versus later.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Then I guess what I’m also sort of wondering is in that context, we’re also in a very different market. You guys struck a very good and a very timely deal when you did. I guess, what I’m wondering is that what’s the potential of the deal perhaps being restructured in order to get something done or I guess how anxious is RBS to sort of exit this business because there’s always the potential that maybe they won’t exactly see what they got when they bought into it, what I mean?
Don Felsinger: I think that RBS would say that this has been a good transaction for them and I think as parties come along and look at the value of this franchise, we’ll have to make a decision on whether or not they want to step into RBS issues exactly or negotiate some other arrangement, but remember, we will have a seat at the table during these negotiations.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So we should probably not expect a material you guys do not foresee a material change in the outlook of the economics associated with the JV right now from any potential transaction going forward or, is that how am I reading sort of the body language correct in that?
Don Felsinger: I don’t want to speculate but if we were to be asked to take a different deal, I would expect to be compensated for that in the transaction.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: When you look at the natural gas infrastructure side of the business, so especially pipelines. Given kind of the volatility we’ve seen in gas prices over the last 12 to 18 months, what are you guys seeing in terms of kind of the best possible growth initiatives or growth alternatives for that piece versus what you saw 18, 24 months ago?
Don Felsinger: Well, I mean, we still have with the amount of gas that’s been identified in North America a need for new and different types of infrastructure to move this gas to market and so we are still bullish on certain types of pipelines, but probably even more bullish around the need for storage and that’s one of the reasons that we have $1 billion storage program in our capital budget.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: What about the flows of LNG to the U.S. over the next year, year and a half, as you start thinking out to whether significant amounts or insignificant amounts of LNG will actually flow here?
Mark Snell: Michael, I think the key thing that’s going to determine that outcome is what is going to be the eventual cost of Shale gas production and there’s a big debate going on right now and whether that’s $6 or $8. I think as that plays out there’s no doubt in my mind that LNG can compete with either price scenario and be ready to bring incremental supply into the U.S. at either one of those prices. So I think that we feel pretty good about where we’re positioned, where our terminals are and the fact that LNG is going to compete in this marketplace and the fact that the other facilities that we are building out, I’m talking about storage here, are going to be well used because of the concern around volatility of prices and the fact that the bigger projects we have, the pipelines that we’ve got them contracted for 10 years or more puts us in a fairly nice position.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Just balance sheet, if you’ve got a lot of cash on the balance sheet. If you’ve got what I would call a healthier balance sheet compared to your peers. Just curious for your thoughts over the next year or so in terms of how you plan on utilizing the balance sheet and whether there are potential returns of capital or even further debt reduction opportunities if other new growth initiatives don’t emerge.
Don Felsinger: I’ll prefaces before I turn it over to Mark to say we’re entering some interesting times right now as we look at the ultimate outcome of RBS and our commodities business so we’re going to be very conservative with what we do with our balance sheet.
Mark Snell: Well, just to add to that, I would say that our while we are in a good position, just bear in mind that we do have a robust capital program ahead of us of a lot of internal projects that we think have excellent return characteristics and we want to pursue those and over the next five years we’ve got almost $12 billion of capital in our plan already and we’re finding, we’re uncovering new projects all the time and adding to that. So I think we have sufficient uses for our capital going forward and I think we feel very comfortable where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Sharett - Credit Suisse.
Charles Sharett - Credit Suisse: I wanted to be clear that is it your preference to take the commodity business or excuse me to have someone step into RBS’s shoes for the commodity business or is there a scenario where you look at different economics for a deal and decide you want to take the entire thing back?
Don Felsinger: Well, I think the objective that RBS has is to have somebody come in, step into their position and so what we will be concerned about in that scenario is who the partner is and do we have the same level of interest aligned toward growth of the business and what geographic regions. So yes, I do think that probably more probable than not is that there would be ask somebody that would want to come in and takeover RBS’s position.
Charles Sharett - Credit Suisse: Do you have right of first refusal if RBS chooses someone that you don’t think would be a good partner?
Don Felsinger: We have the right of first offer, which means we can make them an offer. Let me ask Neal Snell to follow up.
Neal Schmale: I think one important note is, that we do have contractual obligations on the behalf of RBS not to sell the business for four years and so, any kind of quicker sale we’ll require a mutual consent, so I think that gives us a pretty strong hand at the table, just to make sure that this is a partner that meets the requirements that RBS bstansively, met when we did this deal and so I think, now where we are is we can pick. We can pick a partner that makes sense, or there may be some other kind of financial combination of support from other entities that allows us to do more with this business than we’ve done in the past and we’re going to look at all of those options and I think they’re all available to us.
Don Felsinger: And I would just follow on and say that RBS has been a very good partner. They have followed through on all their commitments. We understand the pressures they are under in the EU and the U.K. and we’re going to work with them everyway we can to have them meet their objectives of exiting this business in an orderly way.
Charles Sharett - Credit Suisse: Are the parties that you’re talking to, are they interested in using their balance sheet the same way that RBS is, to support the business?
Don Felsinger: I think it’s too early to get into that right now.
Charles Sharett - Credit Suisse: One last question on the favorite topic for the call today, what businesses would you take back? Have you looked at it in that sort of context in terms of what you can support with your balance sheet?
Don Felsinger: We’re going through that process right now. We like all these businesses because we’re the ones that aggregate them together and it’s like, which of your kids would you get rid of, right? We’re not there yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faisel Khan - Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citi: Hi. Can you guys comment a little bit more on the strength and profitability at SoCalGas and what drove that this quarter?
Don Felsinger: This is one of the best natural gas distribution businesses in the country, and it kind of lays there, kind of all by itself, great franchise. Debbie, why don’t you talk about the quarter?
Debbie Reed: The quarter was really a good quarter for us, but it is based on the foundation that we have in this strong business and we do see some future growth in this business as well. As you know, with the Smart Meters that we have filed and then we have some other projects that we’re looking at in terms of biofuels and all, but for the specific quarter it’s really managing our cost against our rate case was the largest contributor to what we saw this quarter, after you take out the effect from the retro rate case adjustment of $7 million last year. We’ve also seen some decline in some of our bad debt expenses and that was the positive impact for the quarter, but I think the key thing is as then I say that, when I talked about the benefits of extending the general rate case. If we know how much money we have to operate in, within, then we can really manage these businesses quite well and ensure that our cost structure is within the authorized amounts that we have in our rate case.
Faisel Khan - Citi: Can you guys talk a little about the LNG business in terms of the actual volumes that you guys have received so far, or what type of volumes you expect from for example the gas contract?
Don Felsinger: Let me have Neil talk about this. I think the thing we want to focus on is the fact that the business is not so much driven around volumes, but around contracts.
Neal Schmale: First of all, in the third quarter, we did not have any volumes come in under the gas contract. I think over the course of that contract, we fully expect to have volumes delivered into Cameron, but in terms of discussing the terms of potentially near term potential, obviously for contractual reasons and confidentiality reasons, we can’t talk about exactly what’s going on at any particular time and I’d also underline the point that Don made, is that these businesses are largely dependent and well-served by the long term contracts that we entered into. I suppose finally, the third point I’d make, which is kind of a follow-on to an earlier discussion about what’s going to happen in the natural gas markets going forward. I would say we all need to remember that one thing we kind of know for certain and that is that the natural gas market is now a global market and heretofore it had really been a North American market and so the position that we have in this market, I think it’s a very strong one.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Alley - Decade Capital.
John Alley - Decade Capital: Two questions; one on transmission and one on trading, what if any hurdles are left on the Sunrise Powerlink side on the regulatory front?
Don Felsinger: I’ll have Debbie expound on this, but really we’re waiting for one permit and that’s from the U.S. Forest Service.
Debbie Reed: Yes, John. We had three major permits that we needed to get and we’ve gotten two out of those three significant permits. We’ve also been working with the Forest Service to meet all of their data requests and provide them all the information to have a decision by the first quarter of next year from the Forest Service for the remaining approval that we need. So we’re going ahead with our preconstruction activities and getting ready to start construction in June of 2010, to be in service in 2012.
John Alley - Decade Capital: So the final path is aligned?
Debbie Reed: It has been. Yes, it just as permit, this is a $1.9 billion project and we’ve roughly spent 10% of that in preparation for getting this permit. So we’re fairly confident that it’s going to happen in the next four or five months.
John Alley - Decade Capital: On the trading side of the business, have you looked at to what extent your balance sheet can handle, I guess the incremental capital from taking back parts of those businesses or a part of that business?
Don Felsinger: Let me ask Mark to address this.
Mark Snell: Look, I think the reality is that to the extent that we go down that route and it is not clear at all that we would do that or need to do that, but if we did. I think what we would make certain is that whatever businesses we brought onto the balance sheet or do, just like anything else we do. We make sure that we can fund it in the long term. We make sure that we can fund it in low commodity price markets and high commodity price markets and we’re not going to do anything that would actually create a situation, where we could have a problem down the road. So we’d make sure we had adequate capital and adequate liquidity to do anything that we were going to do, but we’re looking at all the options. I mean, the world’s different than it what when we did this transaction. It changes all the time. There are several options out there and we’re exploring them all.
John Alley - Decade Capital: It seems like you guys have a lot more interest this round than you did, when you sold it initially and the markets are as you said vastly different now. Why do you think that is?
Mark Snell: I don’t know that we have a lot more interest this time around in the sense, but I think the last time we were looking for a specific type of transaction, we found a good partner to do that with. They were well poised to grow the business globally, they had a lot of financial problems and a lot of issues that are obviously we didn’t foresee, I don’t noted that, I don’t believe. I also believe that this time around the physical commodity business looks a lot more attractive to financial and other financial institutions and other types of companies than it did before. I think one of the things that’s happened with the changes at the CFTC and a lot of the emphasis on some of the new regulations is that the people that are in the physical commodity business like us are probably in the best position to take advantage of some of the future opportunities, whereas in the past. I think a lot of times the emphasis had been on the financial side of the business.
John Alley - Decade Capital: So you think this round could come together a lot faster than the initial deal did?
Mark Snell: We do and there’s lot of other reasons for that too. Some of the contractual arrangements we had from our prior partners or prior management team were bought out. So it makes the transaction a lot more easy for us.
Operator: Your final question comes from Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Can you update us on follow-up the question on CFTC? What’s the latest and are we expecting anything coming out soon?
Don Felsinger: Are you talking about the regulations coming out?
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Yes.
Don Felsinger: I mean, Mark has been following these, but I would say that the focus so far has been to put some controls around speculative trading and that’s not the business we’re in and we don’t expect to see any major impacts on what we do with our customer and our physical business, but Mark, any insights.
Mark Snell: Well, I’ll just say this I think what we’ve seen proposed to date and there are several different proposals and we’re moving towards some resolution on this, I think there will be some limits on the amount of speculative holdings a particular company can have. We think that those limits, as they’re currently being discussed look workable, so that we can still adequately serve our clients and at the same time effectively hedge our exposures that we have in the marketplace, that’s what’s most important to us. The other thing is that I think that there will be some relief for some of the primary physical requirements in the business, i.e., from producers, generators and that those types for them not to have to do all of their transactions on a regulated exchange, where there’s margining requirements and that it will allow people like us, like we have been doing in the past, so we’ve been doing this for a number of years, is to take different forms of collateral to be able to support our customers’ hedging activities. I don’t think there’s any intention among the government to restrict a producer or a generator or a local utility from hedging their position. However, some of these rule changes could have been very, very detrimental to some of those and I think those voices have been heard loud and clear and I think the movement these days is that for these types of physically oriented transactions, it will be pretty much business as usual for us. There may be higher capital requirements and there maybe some limit restrictions on open positions, but we think all of that’s pretty workable for a physical business like ours.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Do we expect something by the end of the year in terms of...?
Mark Snell: I think healthcare is going to take the predominance of the activity between now and the end of the year. I don’t know when this will really actually come in for a vote. I doubt that it will get voted out this year but I don’t know.
Don Felsinger: If there are no more questions, I want to thank you all for taking time out of your schedule to join us today. We’re very pleased with the quarter and where we are year-to-date. I think it speaks well for the business model we have and the strength of our portfolio of businesses. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today’s Sempra Energy third quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. Thank you for joining us and have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Martin – Vice President of Investor Relations Don Felsinger – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Mark Snell – EVP and Chief Financial Officer  Joe Householder – SVP, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Debbie Reed – President and CEO of Utilities Neal Schmale – President and COO 
Analysts: Leslie Rich – Columbia Management Rebecca Followill – Tudor Pickering & Co. Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Annie Tsao – Alliance Bernstein Ella Vuernick– RBC Capital Markets Mark Rogers – Gagnon Securities Asher Khan – Incremental  Michael Bolt – Wells Fargo Faisel Khan – Citi  
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Sempra Energy second quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Martin.  
Jeff Martin: Good morning! I want to take a quick moment and thank each you for joining us. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team including Don Felsinger, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neal Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Debbie Reed, President and CEO of our Utilities; and Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller. You’ll note that slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. Please remember that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical facts and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know, they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, so future results may differ materially from those expressed on our call. These risks, uncertainties, and assumptions are described at the bottom of today’s press release and are further discussed in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It is also important to note that all the earnings per share amounts in our presentation this morning are shown on a diluted basis. With that, I’d now like to turn it over to Don, who will begin with slide three. 
Don Felsinger: Thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter earnings of $198 million or $0.80 per share compared with $244 million or $0.98 per share in the same period last year. It’s important to note that our second quarter results include the negative impact of the $64 million or $0.26 writeoff related to the Liberty Gas Storage project. For the first six months of 2009, earnings increased to $514 million or $2.09 per share, up from $486 million or $1.90 per share. Our results for the first 6 months of 2009 without the impact of the one-time writeoff were up 19% over last year, a very strong performance in the midst of a difficult economic climate. The combination of our strong first half results and several new revenue drivers starting up in the second half of the year has allowed us to reaffirm our previously announced guidance range of $4.35 per share to $4.60 per share.  It’s important to keep in mind that the guidance we provided in March of this year did not include a negative impact of the Liberty writedown. We feel the increased expectations we have for other areas of the business should mitigate the impact of the $64 million write-off. Now let me hand it over to Mark Snell, so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results beginning with slide four.
Mark Snell: At San Diego Gas and Electric, earning for the second quarter were $70 million, up from earnings of $61 million in the year ago quarter. Second quarter 2009 results benefited from $18 million of higher operating margins. Second quarter 2008 results also benefited from $8 million of regulatory awards. At Southern California Gas, second quarter 2009 earnings were $65 million, an increase from $56 million in the second quarter of 2008. The improvement was primarily due to higher operating margins. Before we move on, I’d like to update you on a couple of items related to the wildfire litigation at San Diego Gas and Electric. Since our last call, SDG&E reached an agreement with numerous homeowners insurance company plaintiffs settling a portion of the wildfire claims. Under the agreement, SDG&E will pay the insurane companies $740 million to settle approximately $1.3 billion of claims. Discussions are continuing with the remaining homeowner insurance companies for settlement on substantially the same terms. We currently have $940 million reserved for these exposures, offset by a like amount of insurance receivable. In addition to the claims of the homeowners insurance carriers, there are a variety of other claims that may take several years to be fully resolved. We do not have sufficient information to estimate the amount of exposure to these remaining claims. Therefore, no reserves or offsetting insurance receivables have been recorded. Now, let’s go to slide 5. Sempra Commodities' earnings in the second quarter of 2009 were $85 million compared with $130 million in the prior year's quarter. Second quarter 2008 results benefited from a $67 million gain on the sale of the business to the joint venture with RBS, and that was partially offset by $30 million in charges for litigation and tax matters. For the first half of the year, commodity earnings have increased to $199 million, up from $189 million in the first half of 2008. The first half of 2008 included the net benefit of the one-time items I just mentioned as well as Sempra Energy’s 100% ownership of the commodities business in the first quarter.  While the commodities business as a whole continues to post good results, the price and volatility of natural gas and power which actually represents our two largest business lines have been relatively flat. Low natural gas prices coupled with exceptionally low basis differentials across the country have reduced the number of profitable trading opportunities. Since the third quarter is traditionally a slow quarter for trading, we don’t expect much improvement until the fourth quarter; however, our oil and metals businesses continue to do well. Now let us move to slide 6. Here we show how income is allocated at the joint venture for the quarter and the first half of the year. A couple of highlights: First, the joint venture had income of $142 million during the quarter. After applying the income allocation methodology, the distributable income to Sempra was $102 million. Adjusting to US GAAP and for the impact of the income taxes, Sempra's joint venture equity earnings for the quarter were $87 million, compared with $93 million in the same quarter of ’08.  For the first six months of 2009, the joint venture had income of $296 million, and Sempra’s equity earnings were $203 million. These results reflect the stabilizing effect of how profits are allocated in the joint venture, and this has removed much of the volatility of our earnings. In periods with low joint venture, we receive a higher overall percentage of the allocated profits, and in time periods with higher joint venture earnings, we receive a lower overall percentage of the profits. Now, let’s move to slide seven. Second quarter earnings for our Generation business were $33 million, up from $23 million in the same quarter in 2008. Second quarter 2009 was impacted by $8 million of lower earnings from operations as the result of lower market prices. Second quarter 2008 earnings included $20 million in mark to market losses on forwards contracts. Now let’s move to slide 8. Sempra Pipelines & Storage recorded a loss of $27 million in the second quarter of 2009, compared with earnings of $24 million for the same quarter last year. The loss in 2009 includes a $64 million impact of the writeoff related to the Liberty Gas Storage that Don mentioned earlier. Second quarter 2009 results benefited from about $6 million of higher earnings from our Mexican pipeline operations.  Now please turn to slide 9. This slide provides a summary of our business unit results. I would like to highlight a couple of things here. Sempra LNG recorded a loss of $12 million in the second quarter of 2009, compared with a loss of $28 million in the prior year. The improvement was primarily due to the new revenues from our contract with Shell, offset by startup costs, ongoing operating expenses, and pipeline fees paid to Sempra Pipelines and Storage. We also had $9 million in lower mark to market losses on a marketing agreement with RBS-Sempra commodities as well as lower Mexican taxes. At Parents & Other, we recorded a loss of $16 million in the second quarter, compared with a loss of $22 million in the same quarter in 2008. The improvement was primarily due to higher tax expense in the second quarter of 2008.  Now turn to slide 10. We are really pleased with our results for the quarter and the first half of the year. Excluding the impact of Liberty Storage write-off, results were up by 7% from the second quarter of last year and 19% over the first half of 2008. We’ve also had strong operating cash flow led by $375 million in cash we’ve already received this year from RBS Sempra Commodities. These cash dividends from the joint venture are helping to fund our infrastructure build-out program which in turn will deliver consistent earnings and cash flow for years into the future, and with over $800 million in cash on our balance sheet and $3.6 billion available under our credit line, we have a very strong liquidity position. Also during the quarter, I’d like to point out, we issued over $1 billion of new debt at rates between 6% to 6.5%.  And with that, I would like to turn it back over to Don, who will begin with slide 11. 
Don Felsinger: Now let me update you on some of our business activities, and I’ll start with our utilities. Regarding Sunrise Powerlink transmission project, the California Public Utilities Commission recently reaffirmed its December 2008 decision of approving the project. During the quarter, we continued our pre-construction activities and expect to start construction next summer on this $1.9 billion project in order to have it in place in the second half of 2012. We’ve already received approvals from the CPUC and Bureau of Land Management and expect the final major approval from the US Forest Service later this year. Turning to our Smart Meter program, at SDG&E, we have now installed more than 50,000 meters, and at year end we expect to have over 200,000 meters installed with a goal of completing the installation program by year end 2011. At SoCalGas, we’ve filed with the CPUC for a program to install 6 million gas meters by 2016, and we expect to receive a final decision from the commission in the latter part of this year.  On the Generation side of our utility business, we’ll be putting a new peaking plant into service next month—the 48 MW Miramar 2 facility which will be co-located with another peaker that SDG&E owns and operates. The addition of this plant will help meet higher summer power demand.  Please go to the next slide. Now, I’ll move to some of the projects we have under development at our infrastructure businesses. At Sempra Generation, in April we announced a 48 MW solar expansion projection that will be located adjacent to our existing El Dorado solar facility. Earlier this week, we announced that we signed a 20-year agreement with Pacific Gas & Electric where they purchased all the power generated by the plant. We expect to start construction later this year and to complete the project in 2011. Now for a quick update on the Rockies Express Pipeline where we have a 25% ownership interest, on June 29th, a major milestone was reached where REX-East began service to the Lebanon hub in Ohio with a current capacity of 1.6 billion cubic feet per day. Construction on the easternmost portion of the line continues, and completion of the line to Clarington, Ohio, as well as increasing capacity to 1.8 billion cubic feet per day is expected late this year. Now go to slide 14. At our Cameron LNG receipt terminal, we have completed construction, and commercial operations began this week. We’re now earning revenue under our contract with Eni which is for 40% of the terminal’s capacity. The associated Cameron pipeline is also complete and generating revenue from a contract with Eni. We are now the only company to own and operate LNG receipt terminals serving both the Pacific and Gulf Coast of North America.  Before I move on, I would like to also give you some more color on the Liberty Gas Storage project at Pipelines & Storage. As many of you know, Liberty Gas Storage is a development project in Louisiana for salt cavern natural gas storage facilities. Sempra Pipelines and Storage owns 75% of Liberty, and we have a partner that owns the remaining 25%. As we have discussed in past quarters, we’ve experienced some service issues at the northern facility. This quarter, we reported a $64 million write-off after determining that this portion of the project will not provide future economic benefit. We’re still moving forward with the development of an additional 17 billion cubic feet of capacity in our southern location in Cameron Parish. What I’d like to do now is remind you of some of the key events from a revenue generating perspective that are happening at our LNG and pipelines and storage businesses. As many of you know, we’ve been investing heavily in our natural gas infrastructure businesses over the last five years, and many of the projects that we’ve been developing are now coming on line and providing new sources of revenue.  We’re now seeing the benefit of new revenue from REX-East service to Lebanon and from the start of a long-term capacity contrast with Eni on the Cameron Pipeline. Cameron LNG has just started operations, and we’re now earning revenue under the Eni contract. In June, we announced an agreement with the RasGas Liquefaction project in Qatar to bring LNG to the Cameron terminal, and we could receive cargos into our terminal from RasGas through the end of 2010.  In addition, at our Energia Costa Azul terminal, revenues under our contract with the LNG project will also begin later this quarter, and finally in the fourth quarter, the REX-East pipeline should be completed, as well as a nitrogen facility that we’re building at the Energia Costa Azul LNG terminal which will also provide additional income. Please now move to the last slide, and what I’d like to do here is just conclude by saying that I’m pleased with our second quarter and first half results. Even after the impact of the write-off of our Liberty Storage assets, we’re still on track to meet our financial goals for the year. I think what I’ve just said says a lot about our business model and the growth platform we’ve put together.  This is a great time at Sempra, when we have several major infrastructure projects coming on line delivering incremental cash flow and earnings, and at the same time, we’re ramping up investment in our California utility businesses on the front end of the largest capital program that SDG&E and SoCalGas have ever undertaken. These utility investments also have the benefit of delivering earnings immediately and will provide cash flow well into the future.  Let me end by stating that this is truly an exciting time at Sempra, and set the stage for strong growth in the future years, and with that, let me now open up the call and take any questions that you may have.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We will take our first question from Leslie Rich – Columbia Management.
Leslie Rich – Columbia Management: The Copper Mountain Solar Project, what’s the capex involved in that, and when would that start? Is it starting construction in 2010, or is that underway now?
Don Felsinger: We’ve just filed that contract with the CPUC, and we expect to get approval from them sometime at the end of this year. We’ll have Neal go through and talk about the capital requirements.
Neal Schmale: On the solar projects, we haven’t typically estimated the exact capital cost of these particular projects fundamentally for competitive reasons, but the cost of this will be very consistent with what we’ve spent on the first 10 MW that we put in place last year.
Leslie Rich – Columbia Management: Is it already in your Capex forecast?
Neal Schmale: Yes. 
Leslie Rich – Columbia Management: In terms of Cameron, I guess the agreement with Eni is that they can send both there, if they feel like it. Do you have a sense of what kind of volumes to expect for the rest of the year?
Don Felsinger: You’re talking about the capacity contract that Eni has at Cameron?
Leslie Rich – Columbia Management: No, I’m not. I’m talking about RasGas.
Don Felsinger: RasGas has the option of bringing their gas to our terminal. How much they actually bring I think will be a function of worldwide market. We’re fairly optimistic, Leslie, when you look at just what’s going on in the world that incremental supply is coming on line, and net-net will have to end up in North America, and this is all upside to that plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rebecca Followill – Tudor Pickering & Co.
Rebecca Followill – Tudor Pickering & Co.:   Did your previous guidance include taking a write-down on the Liberty, and do you expect that in the original guidance?
Don Felsinger: We did not.
Rebecca Followill – Tudor Pickering & Co.: So, this is effectively raising guidance. My second question is can you just talk a little bit about lots of noise with the CFTC regulating commodities markets. How do you guys think this could possibly shake out and how it impacts the JV?
Don Felsinger: There is obviously a very rigorous debate going on, and I think the objective of Congress is to try and regulate or put a stop to a lot of speculative trading going on. When we think about our business model, we really do a lot of physical delivery of commodities, plus we do hedging activities for customers that need to hedge their supplies or hedge their purchases. So I sense that something is going to happen this year. I think the impact on our business is not going to be as impactful as it could be on those people that are just strictly out there doing screening trading, but let me ask Mark to give some color to his perspectives on this.
Mark Snell: This is something obviously we’ve been following pretty closely, and the closer you follow it, the more you realize that the amount of agreement is not really that close on a lot of these issues, but I do think that a couple of things will happen which is there is a definitely a movement to increase the amount of capital that counterparities have with respect to the kinds of trading, and there will be a movement to put as much of the derivative trading action that includes commodities as well as other financial derivatives on exchanges, which will create margining requirements. I think the push from the commodities traders and us in particular is that there is a recognition that these markets were effectively set up for end-users, i.e., producers, power plants, and those kinds of companies that use these markets to hedge their output or to hedge their raw materials, and I think from that perspective, I believe that business will probably get some kind of exemption from the margining requirements so that they can continue to do that, and that’s really what’s core to our business. With a lot of these, we see these as real benefit, our merger with RBS and the joint venture because I think that having the kind of capital that a commercial bank has behind the business will be the kind of thing that people will have to have, and I think for dealing with the customers, our ability to extend credit to those kinds of end-users will be critical to keep the market functioning. All in all, we pretty much support the activities around more transparency and the elimination of systemic risk, and we’re just here trying to protect our customers in this legislative battle that’s going on, but I think generally speaking we feel that this is probably going to come out and be fine for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ella Vuernick– RBC Capital Markets.  
Ella Vuernick– RBC Capital Markets: LNG and the commodities business, do you see LNG coming to the US in the second half of ’09, and I wanted to see if you had any color as to how much you see, what the timing looks like, and what the ramp of that acceleration may look like?
Don Felsinger: I’d go back to my earlier comment, and this is strictly an observation from my standpoint that with the global economy like it is, when you kind of add up the increases and decreases outside North America, it’s a net zero, and so any LNG that would ramp up this year would end up coming into North America. The ramp-up of that is what’s in question—whether we end up at the end of this year with getting another 4 BCF or another 6 BCF of supply is really a function of how quickly people commission their plants and these plants into operation and start making deliveries, but what I come back to again is that our model is based upon having long-term contracts which we do with the majority of our capacity in Mexico and in Louisiana, and anything that happens with spot cargos coming into either facility is an upside for us. It’s not in our plan.
Ella Vuernick– RBC Capital Markets: You had mentioned in your comments that third quarter is typically a slower quarter for the commodities JV, and you expect to see some improvements in the fourth quarter. I wanted to see if you had any further color that you could share with us about what you forecast for the rest of this year. I know this is difficult to do.
Don Felsinger: I’d just say that we’ve owned this business for almost 12 years now, and it seems like the last part of summer is always a slow time in the commodities business, and if you go back and look at our performance for the last 10-12 years, the third quarter has always been one of our lowest earning quarters, and so that comment is because of the fact that nothing has changed in the market place. A lot of people go on vacation, not a lot of business gets conducted, and we just see the impact of that. It wasn’t anything else about the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:   Given what’s happened to the demand for electricity down in the Southeastern corridor of the US, can you talk about how this impacts the potential need in the next 5-6 years or so for natural gas storage projects and whether that has any impact on your spending plans for Mississippi at Bay Gas?
Don Felsinger: Michael, there is no doubt that we’re in a time period right now where gas demand is off for several factors—the economy, the amount of gas used for electric generation, industrial requirements for natural gas. Our philosophy going forward with these storage projects is that before we spend incremental capital, we take a look at the market and see what the market is willing to contract for, and if the market is willing to buy gas storage, then we move forward. We’ll continue to test the market, but our sense is that people look to see a lot of volatility and seasonality in the market place, and that’s why storage comes into place, so even though consumption and demand overall may be down, just the seasonal variations are enough for people to want to have more storage.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Can you update us in terms of timing and which of the projects down in that region in terms of major storage projects? Any changes at all to what you disclosed in your 10-K or maybe it was the disclosure right around the time you did the Energy South deal?
Don Felsinger: Let me have Neal just walk you through what we have down there, the development status, what’s under contract and so on.
Neal Schmale: Just by way of summary, we have in the Gulf Coast area we’re developing three projects that when they’re all done would have a total capacity of around 74 billion cubic feet, and three projects are for Bay Gas, where there is 11.4 BCF currently operating and that’s fully contracted. There is 5 BCF at Bay Gas which is under construction. It’ll be in service late 2010, and of that 3.2 BCF is contracted. Now, the potential ultimate capacity of Bay Gas is 27 BCF. That’s Bay Gas. Mississippi Hub, the second one has 15 BCF under construction, 4 BCF is contracted, and we expect first cavern in service. The ultimate capacity is 30 BCF. Finally, Liberty South, the other portion of Liberty, there we expect to develop another 17 BCF by 2013.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: So it seems that there’s a decent of both Bay Gas and Mississippi Hub that’s uncontracted. It strikes me a little different than maybe your prior strategies of rarely breaking ground on something until you’ve got it more 50-60% contracted.
Neal Schmale: No. I don’t really think we’ve changed the strategy much at all. Remember that these caverns are developed a little bit at a time, and we contract as we go forward, so I think what you’re seeing there is very consistent with what we’ve done in the past. They’re not developed in big chunks at one time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Annie Tsao – Alliance Bernstein.
Annie Tsao – Alliance Bernstein: If you look at the commodity margin and if you look at the breakdown in the margin, you see a tremendous weakness mostly driven by power and gas in the quarter. Is there anyway you can quantify how much is from demand and how much is really from the prices?
Mark Snell: Annie, there are a couple of things going on here. First off, let’s recognize that the year ago quarter was a record quarter, so it is much higher than what we would normally experience, but that said, it is absolutely true that we have probably some of the lowest gas prices and lowest power prices across the country that we’ve had in a long time, and that’s in sharp contrast to some of the highest prices we had a year ago, so that has taken the value of volatility really out of those markets. The other thing too, and this isn’t so evident by just looking at the outright prices, but I think for physical traders like us, we think of us as almost like logistics experts. We make our business in the gas and power business by getting gas and power to end-users through a network of pipeline capacity, transmission, and things that we control or own, and we’re kind of logistics experts. Differentials across the country are about as low as they’ve ever been. California which traditionally trades at a steep discount to Henry Hub is actually even with Henry or jus few cents above, so all of those kinds of factors have led to this above, so all of those kinds of factors have led to the power and gas business being tough trading environment currently. That won’t last forever, and frankly it will probably change as we approach the fourth quarter. I think we could see some difference there, and the market will return more back to normal, but right now it’s a tough environment. I think one of the things that’s most important as look at our trading results is that we have a pretty diversified group now, and the good thing is that while we have been lower in gas and power, we have done exceptionally well in oil and in metals, and we continue to see those as strong businesses through the end of the year, so it’s helped us balance our portfolio, and then I guess the last point is just again with the joint venture, because of the way the income sharing is, our shareholders are not really seeing the full impact of the volatility around the trading earnings any longer because as I said in prepared notes, if we make less money, we get a higher percentage of the income, and if we make more money, we get a lower percentage, and so I think you’re going to continue to see fairly consistent trading results.
Don Felsinger: If you look at the last 48 quarters of earnings, we have had almost every quarter a different mix of some type of product and geographic diversity that has helped contribute to earnings, and as Mark said what we have going forward now is not only the product diversity and geographic diversity, as we now have a profit sharing plan with RBS Sempra Commodities that basically gives us a level of protection going forward.
Annie Tsao – Alliance Bernstein: Is there anything that benefits you from the stimulus package?
Don Felsinger: We’re looking at some things in the utility that have haven’t made a decision to go forward on, things like electric vehicles or that sort. Debbie, anything you want to talk about in the stimulus package?
Debbie Reed : I would make a couple of comments. The things that we are looking at under the stimulus package are really all incremental to what we have in our plan, and so the rate base that we’re investing, the smart meters and all, we’re not going to go apply for stimulus dollars for those kinds of things, so what we are doing is using that platform as an opportunity to go for stimulus dollars to add on in areas like smart grid and tying in all of the electric vehicles to that smart grid, and then looking at some of the communication networks that will get us to the full usage of some of the things we’re putting in with our smart meters which are the home area network, so all the stimulus that we are looking at would be really incremental to what we had in our plan.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Rogers with Gagnon Securities.
Mark Rogers – Gagnon Securities:  My question is regarding the smart grid rollout. Are you guys dual sourcing your smart meters and, if so, what was the split of the 50,000 meters shipped to date, and then I have a followup. 
Debbie Reed:  Our meters are being provided by Itron for the SDG&E project. What I would say is that we put 50,000 in, we’re expecting to put 200,000 to 300,000 by the end of this year. It’s going on really well. On the SoCalGas side, we have a pending application before the CPUC, and we have not determined any of our vendors on that. 
Mark Rogers – Gagnon Securities: The 50,000 meters that are installed to date, what are your customers seeing right now with respect to their usage changing? 
Debbie Reed:  The first meters that are going in, we have not started the smart meter billing yet. That will happen in around September of this year. What we are seeing though is we have done a lot of orientation meetings with customers before, and our customers are saying if they haven’t received it when can we get this. We’re really interested in having the access to the information that would be provided by these meters, so there’s been a great acceptance. It’s really gone extremely smoothly with our first 50,000.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Bolt with Wells Fargo.
Michael Bolt – Wells Fargo:  I was wondering if you could tell me what the total regulatory capital at the commodity JV was in Q2? 
Mark Snell:  It’s a little over $2 billion. 
Michael Bolt – Wells Fargo:  Absent any big rebound in commodity prices, would the rest of the year be somewhere at that level to be reasonable? 
Mark Snell:  Yes, I think it’s pretty safe to assume that it would stay about that level. You hit the nail right on the head. The only thing that would change that is if we had a huge rebound in commodity prices. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Asher Khan with Incremental.
Asher Khan – Incremental : Don, you mentioned even with the write-off, you are fine with the forecast. Which segment is performing better than expectations?
Don Felsinger: It’s basically our utilities. They have a much higher margin than what we had over this time period last year.
Asher Khan – Incremental : You expect based on what you provided at the analyst conference that the utilities are going to better than those numbers. Is that what the year is telling you?
Don Felsinger: That is what I believe. Debbie and I have a disagreement over this, but I think the utilities will do better than we had forecasted.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan – Citi: On the cash balance that you guys have for the quarter of about $800 million, give us an idea of how that cash balance is going to move throughout the portion of the year and how that will be applied to the utility projects?
Mark Snell:  Faisel, that $800 million, the vast majority of that is cash at SoCalGas, and the biggest thing is we are still injecting for the upcoming season, and the gas prices are just a lot cheaper than they were last year, so we are sitting on a little more cash than we are used to. 
Faisel Khan – Citi:  Could that be a permanent return of capital to you guys? 
Mark Snell:  Well, let’s try to play out and see where that goes. We have a lot of big capital projects at the utilities, and so it may delay from borrowing and some other things if it sticks around, but I think right now our cash flow plans are such that we won’t be having big dividends coming back from the utilities yet.
Faisel Khan – Citi:  Just on the write-down, just trying to understand the after tax number, between the after tax and pretax amount, I think $64 million was the write-down after tax but $132 million pretax?
Don Felsinger: That’s correct. The pretax was for the entire project.
Joseph Householder: The 132 is 100% of the liberty. We only own 75%, so really 99 of that is ours. The 33 is added back down below on that line that says earnings losses attributable to non-controlling interest. 
Faisel Khan – Citi: On the power link line, have you ordered all the major components for that line yet? All the major capital equipment and materials been ordered?
Don Felsinger: I’ll have Debbie give you an update of where we stand both with preconstruction activities and purchasing.
Debbie Reed: What we have done is we have looked locking in the long lead time equipment for that project. We have a budget that’s been approved by the CPCU of about $1.9 billion and to the extent that we have long lead time equipment that we can lock in and especially if we can lock it in that amounts less than what was budgeted. We’re moving forward with doing that. We are doing our preconstruction activities which include the land acquisition, all the permitting, and then we are waiting for just the final permit or the final approval from the national forest service which we expect towards the end of this year, and we will begin full-out construction in the middle of next year.
Faisel Khan: One last question on your prepared remarks on the wildfire litigation, I got a little confused some of the numbers. What’s the net liability outside of the insurance claims and everything to Sempra?
Don Felsinger: I don’t know if we have an exact number, but let me just say that we had some really positive developments this past quarter. When we won, we’re able to reach settlement with the insurance company for some of the homeowners for about $0.57 or $0.58 on the dollar, and we got the judge to deny class action status, so those are two good things. The fact that we’re able to settle with some of the insurance companies for a significant piece of the claim, we think going forward with the homeowners the $940 million reserve that we have at this time appears to be accurate with the information that we have. Going forward with the remaining claims that are out there, the non-homeowners, and these would be like governmental entities, firefighters, others, we aren’t able to determine an exact number, but when we look at the fact that we have additional insurance coverage that we will not expend, the fact that we have a claim against Cox Cable, and at the end of the process, if we end up needing to have additional recovery, we don’t have insurance, we would apply to the commission for relief, so we feel pretty good about where we are at this point in time. Obviously, this has several more years to play out, but we like where we are.
Operator: We have a followup question from the line of Mark Rogers with Gagnon Securities.
Mark Rogers – Gagnon Securities : You are still at 2.3 million end-points for your total program, so that’s roughly a million a year between 2010 and 2011, is that correct?
Debbie Reed: We would expect to be at about 200,000 to 300,000 installed this year and then do the rest of them over the next two years through 2011 at SDG&E, and then assuming approval by the CPUC for SoCalGas smart meters, that’s 6 million endpoints for the gas side only, and we would begin installation of those meters around 2012 and complete those by about 2016.
Mark Rogers – Gagnon Securities:  And the 2.3 million gas and electric, what’s the split on gas and what’s the spilt on electric for SDG&E.
Debbie Reed: It’s 1.4 million for electric and about 900,000 for gas.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I’ll turn the call back over to you Mr. Felsinger for any additional remarks.
Donald Felsinger: Thanks to all of you for taking time to join us on the second quarter call. As always, if you have any follow-on questions, get a hold of Jeff, Glen, or Scott. You guys have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-05 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Martin – VP of IR Don Felsinger – Chairman and CEO Mark Snell – EVP and CFO Joe Householder – SVP, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Debbie Reed – President and CEO of Utilities Neal Schmale – President and COO
Analysts: Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Leslie Rich – Columbia Management Faisel Khan – Citi Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Rebecca Followill – Tudor Pickering & Co.
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Sempra Energy first quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Martin. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Martin: Thank you and good morning. I know there are many of you who are traveling or attending the A. J. conference and I want to thank you for joining us, particularly for setting aside time to step out of the meeting schedule. This morning we’ll be discussing Sempra Energy’s first-quarter 2009 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investor section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team including Don Felsinger, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neal Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Debbie Reed, President and CEO of our utilities; and Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller. You’ll note that slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. Please remember that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical facts and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know, they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, so future results may differ materially from those expressed on our call today. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are described at the bottom of today’s press release and are further discussed in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It is also important to note that all the earnings per share amounts in our presentation this morning are shown on a diluted basis. And with that, I’d now like to turn it over to Don, who will begin with slide three.
Don Felsinger: Thanks, Joe; and again, thank you all for joining us. We met with many of you in March at our analyst conference in New York, where we laid out a plan to continue growing our company. As a testament to our business model, where we are able to grow our profits under a variety of different market conditions, especially in a tough operating environment like we are currently in, and as today's financial results show, we are off to a great start, putting us in a position to meet our financial goals for the year. 2009 is important. As many of you know, we have invested heavily in our infrastructure businesses for the last several years; and now, several major projects including our Cameron LNG receipt terminal and the Rockies Express East pipeline are nearing completion. We are also continuing to ramp up investments in our utility businesses, where we benefit from constructive regulation and earn on those investments during construction. Now to the financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported first-quarter earnings of $316 million or $1.29 per share, up from first-quarter 2008 earnings of $242 million or $0.92 per share, a 40% increase in quarterly earnings per share. Now let me hand it over to Mark Snell. He will take you through some of the details of the financial results beginning with slide four.
Mark Snell: Thanks, Don. Before I get into the results of each of our business units, I wanted to quickly point out an accounting change that occurred this quarter. You may have noticed that Don referred to earnings on the previous slide and not net income, like we have in the past. That is because of all new accounting rule, FAS 160, which changes where we report minority interest. With this change, the minority interest adjustment, now called earnings attributable to non-controlling interest, is moved below the net income line. So our bottom-line results will now be referred to as earnings. The key takeaway here is that there is no impact on our reported results. Now let us go to slide five. At both of our utilities, we saw improved earnings, primarily due to the positive impact of our general rate case decisions that were approved in the third quarter of 2008. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the first quarter were $99 million, up from earnings of $74 million in the year ago quarter. First quarter 2009 results benefited from $24 million of higher operating margin as a result of the rate case mentioned just a moment ago and $5 million from the favorable resolution of a litigation matter. In addition, first-quarter 2008 did include a $9 million benefit from the favorable resolution of prior year's tax issues. At Southern California Gas, first-quarter 2009 earnings were $59 million compared with $57 million in the first quarter of 2008. I would like to call your attention to two new line items on our balance sheet relating to the fire litigation at SDG&E. One is an insurance receivable, and the other one is a reserve for wildfire litigation, both for $900 million. We are in negotiations with substantially all of the homeowners insurance carriers, while many details still need to be worked out, the advanced nature of our discussions led us to conclude that we could reasonably estimate the cost of the settlement, and as a result, we recorded that estimate. The accounting rules require the estimated settlement be grossed up, recognizing both the liability and the asset. While we believe the homeowners insurance carriers represent the lion's share of the property losses, there are of course a variety of other claims that may take several years to be fully resolved. At this time, SDG&E doesn't have sufficient information to reasonably estimate the amount of its exposure to the remaining claims. That is why we haven't booked any reserves for them. However, I would note that if we are successful in this settlement, we would still have $200 million of coverage for any remaining claims. In addition, we have significant claims against Cox Communications for damages caused by one of the fires, and of course, if our liability insurance and other recoveries should prove insufficient, we would ask our regulators for recovery of the excess cost. On a related issue, I want to note that our insurance premiums for wildfire coverage with substantially increase in the second half of the year, when our current policies expire. The amount of coverage that we can obtain will be substantially reduced as well. This is a broader issue for the rest of the state, as the other utilities are also seeing similar cost and coverage issues. We have been discussing this with CPUC representatives and SDG&E will file a request to have any higher premiums included in rates. Now let us go to slide six. Sempra Commodities' earnings in the first quarter of 2009 nearly doubled to $114 million from $59 million in the prior year's quarter. The joint venture saw improved results in natural gas and oil marketing, as well as good performance in metals and power. The first-quarter 2008 results benefited from Sempra Energy's 100% ownership of the Commodities business, offset by the negative impact of a $17 million credit reserve. Now let us move to slide seven. Here we show how income is allocated at the joint venture for the quarter. A couple of highlights: First, the joint venture had income of $154 million during the quarter. After applying the income allocation methodology, the distributable income to Sempra was $114 million. After adjusting to US GAAP and taking into account the impact of the income taxes, Sempra's joint venture equity earnings for the quarter were $116 million. After some small holding company costs, earnings for this segment were $114 million. Please move to slide eight. First-quarter earnings for our Generation business were $43 million, compared with $45 million in the same quarter in 2008. First-quarter 2009 earnings were impacted $9 million from higher scheduled maintenance and the associated downtime. This was offset by $8 million of lower income tax expense related to planned solar investments and Mexican currency adjustments. Now please move to slide nine. Sempra Pipelines & Storage earnings in the first quarter of 2009 were $37 million, up over 40% from the $26 million reported in the same period of 2008. Mexican pipeline operations saw $9 million in higher earnings compared with the same quarter in 2008. The increase was primarily due to earnings from LNG-related pipeline contracts. Mobile Gas, which was acquired late last year, contributed $6 million dollars in incremental earnings. Due to their rate structure, the first-quarter is typically the highest earning quarter for Mobile Gas, due to home eating demand. Pipelines & Storage results were negatively impacted $7 million in the quarter from foreign currency exchange rate effects, primarily on investments in Chile. Now please turn to slide 10. This slide provides a summary of our business unit results. I would like to highlight a couple of things here. Sempra LNG reported a loss of $7 million in the first quarter of 2009. That compares with a loss of $9 million in the prior year. At Parents & Other, we reported a loss of $29 million in the first quarter, compared with a loss of $10 million in the same quarter in 2008. The increase in loss was primarily due to $14 million in higher after-tax interest expense and $8 million in losses on assets in support of non-qualified retirement plans and deferred compensation programs. Please turn to slide 11. We are really pleased with our financial results. Earnings per share for the first quarter of 2009 were up 40% over 2008 results. We have ample liquidity, enhanced by strong cash flows, which included receiving a $300 million distribution from RBS Sempra Commodities during the first quarter. In the first quarter, we increased our dividend over 11% in accordance with our previously announced dividend policy. And with that, I would like to turn it back over to Don, who will begin with slide 12.
Don Felsinger: Thanks, Mark. Now let me update you on some of our business activities, starting with our utilities. In the first quarter, we continued our pre-construction activities for the Sunrise Powerlink transmission project. A $1.9 billion project, which was approved by the California Public Utilities Commission at the end of last year, is expected to be placed into service in the second half of 2012. Turning to our Smart Meter program, at SDG&E, we began our expanded roll-out in March. Our goal is to have 200,000 meters installed by the end of this year and have all installations completed by year end 2011. It has been a while since I provided you with an update on the Generation side of our utility business. In the summer of 2007, you will recall that we were worried about leading our summer load, so we added a peaking plant here in San Diego. While in an effort to meet the load we expect this summer, we are now in the process of bringing a second peaking unit online at the same site. Also, the Otay Mesa Energy Center, a 570 megawatt power plant should be online by the end of the year. You will recall that is being built by Calpine has 100% of the output being sold under contract to SDG&E. And finally, at the San Onofre nuclear plant, of which SDG&E owns 20%, the replacement of the first of two steam generators is scheduled to begin this fall, with the installation expected to be complete in the first quarter of 2010. A second steam generator is scheduled for replacement to begin in 2010 with completion in 2011. At SoCalGas, we filed with the CPUC in April, requesting the suspension of a current cost of capital adjustment mechanism. As many of you know, SoCalGas' cost of capital is automatically adjusted when 30-year Treasury bond yields deviate from certain benchmarks. Because treasury yields are artificially low due to an unprecedented intervention by the Federal government, we feel a suspension of this mechanism is justified. We anticipate a decision on this request in the third quarter. Now please go to slide 13. Moving to some of the projects we have under development at our infrastructure businesses; at our Cameron LNG receipt terminal, construction is nearing completion, and later this quarter, we expect to receive our first startup cargo and will begin testing the facility. This should put us on track to commence internal operations in the third quarter of this year. The associated Cameron pipeline is complete and ready to transport gas from the terminal when it comes online. Before I move on, I would like to also give you an update on some of our Pipeline & Storage projects. Regarding our 25% interest in the Rockies Express pipeline, we anticipate interim service on the east portion of the line later this month, with the line fully complete and in operation by year-end. Turning to our Liberty Gas Storage project, you will recall that we updated you last quarter about the problems we are having with one of our caverns. To date, our remedial efforts haven't been successful and we are continuing to consider alternatives. As you will recall, we have $65 million on an after-tax basis at risk if we have to write off this asset. Let us move to slide 14. At Sempra Generation, last month we announced a 48 megawatt solar expansion project that will be located adjacent to our existing El Dorado solar facility. The combined 58 megawatt installation would become the largest operational photovoltaic solar power facility in North America. Construction will commence after we have contracted the sale of facilities output. The project could be fully operational by late 2010. Now let us move on to slide 15. Now for a quick update on our Commodities joint venture with the Royal Bank of Scotland. Earlier today, the RBS Sempra joint venture announced the appointment of Kaushik Amin as their new CEO. Kaushik was previously the global head of liquid markets, including commodities trading for Lehman Brothers, and built a great business there. We are excited to have him on board. Among many successes, he is credited with building a commodities business from scratch in 2005 to one that was earning more than $500 million in 2008. This commodities (inaudible) business capitalized on the flow of activities from Lehman's other businesses. While RBS Sempra is only beginning to capitalize on the flow of business from other parts of the Bank, given RBS' larger platform, we anticipate substantial growth. Combining the physical trading strength of Sempra with the derivatives and financial strengths of RBS should yield significant synergies, which we expect to capture over the next one to two years. Integration activities continue; in August, the joint venture will be moving to a new location in Stanford, Connecticut. The joint venture will be located in a newly constructed RBS building, and co-located with the Bank's North American headquarters. This new building will combine the trading floors of the Bank's other trading operations, including foreign exchange, interest rates, (inaudible) and equities trading, as well as our commodities groups, all with a view toward creating additional synergies between the various business groups. This will be one of the largest trading floors in North America, accommodating over 700 traders. Now turn to slide 16. I am very pleased with our first quarter results, which put us on track to meet our financial goals for the year. Even in this very challenging economy, we have been able to grow our business and continue growing our dividend at double-digit pace. The growth that we saw last year and expect to continue to see is the result of over $10 billion we have invested in the last four years, and those investments, together with new projects underway at our utilities, should provide us with double-digit near-term earnings growth. And with that, let me now open up the call and take any questions that you may have.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator instructions) And we will take our first question from Lasan Johong of RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Good afternoon. Nice results. I don't think this is going to be an unexpected question, but I am a little bit more than surprised that the joint venture reached outside of the organization to the point where you actually went to a completely different organization to recruit a CEO and I am kind of at a loss as to why that was even put on the table or even considered. That alone actually pulled the trigger (inaudible).
Don Felsinger: Well, Lasan, thank you for your comments about the quarter, we are also very happy with it. I would say that when we were taking a look at new leadership for the joint venture, we looked both within the Commodities business and within the Bank and although there were a lot of good candidates, I think as I mentioned in our conference in New York, that I think one of the things that David Messer and Steve Prince was hire a lot of capable talent. But at the end, as we and RBS talked about the type of leadership that we needed and somebody that had been working at a bank infrastructure business like Lehman, and to bring that skill set over and to be able to capitalize upon leveraging that opportunity, we felt that Kaushik was the person that would best do that and that is how we got to that decision.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Have any senior people or traders resigned since the announcement of the CEO?
Don Felsinger: No, as a matter of fact, he has been out meeting with them and I think the group is all at ease now of having this transition behind them and as you could have seen from the first quarter results, we basically hit the ball out of the ballpark.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: I can't disagree with that. Was the compensation schematic changed?
Don Felsinger: I am sorry. What was that again?
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Was the compensation schematic changed at the joint venture?
Don Felsinger: The compensation that we have had is basically the same compensation that we have had since the formation. There have been some structural changes in terms of how it is paid, but it is still all cash. The only change that has been is the timing of it.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, Don, I know if I ask you this directly, you will probably give me a very precisely worded vague answer, so I am going to ask you in a slightly different way. On a scale of 1 to 10, if you looked out in the market for Generation acquisitions, would you say this was a 10 or a 1 with 10 being a very good time to buy and 1 being a very bad time to buy?
Don Felsinger: There is no doubt, with low gas prices and the economy as it is that Generation prices are depressed. That is not a line of business that we currently have an interest in, we are still currently looking at natural gas infrastructure as the long term growth opportunity for this business, but I would just say to answer your question that I think Generation prices are depressed right now.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: One last question. It looks like the alliance, Spectra and several of the partners on this pipeline that is going to go from the Rockies kind of parallel into Rockies Express for a while and ending after Chicago is going to go through. Any thoughts on the impact of how that is going to change your business profile on Rockies Express?
Don Felsinger: We look at these, Lasan; and this is a – building large oil pipelines, as we have just been through this learning process with Rockies Express was a very challenging endeavor and so, I wish them good fortune.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. I look forward to the second quarter conference call and the increase in guidance. Thank you.
Don Felsinger: Thank you.
Operator: Now we will go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: How are you?
Don Felsinger: Good, thank you.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Just a couple of questions here. What is the tax rate? I know that you guys got a little bit of benefit in Generation, but there is also – I think the utilities was pretty good in the first quarter, so I was wondering if you could go through the flavor with what is happening there?
Don Felsinger: Our tax rate for the year has been in the low 30%, but let me have Joe Householder kind of walk you through how we get there.
Joe Householder: There were quite a few different pieces, so let me just go at it a little bit slowly. The major piece of the difference between the first quarter of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009 had to do with the Mexican tax benefit on inflation and FX. This year, we had about an $8 million and last year, in the same quarter, we had about a $7 million decrement; so that was about a 4% swing in the rates. We also had more non-US income in Sempra Commodities, so that is about 2% of the rates and the remainder, as you mentioned was in Generation about 1% for the solar and 1% in the utilities for higher software expenses; and we had a little bit of extra benefits in the Commodities business as we settled some old tax cases from UK benefits. That is the basic difference between the two years' results; but as Don said, it should be in the low 30s to 32 for the year.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then the oil and gas at RBS you have obviously been through. What was so good there? Was there something in particular that made that business do so well?
Don Felsinger: Well, Mark Snell has been living back there for about the last month. Let me have Mark walk you through what happened.
Mark Snell: Well, I think we just have seen a lot of opportunities on the oil business. We are in a fairly steep and tangled market and so I think that contributed to sort of a cash and carry kind of business, where we have been able to buy fuel, buy oil, put it in inventory and benefit from forward sales. So I think that is in the bulk of it, but it is a pretty straightforward physical trade.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: On the O&M, just if you can remind me (inaudible).
Don Felsinger: Joe Householder here.
Joe Householder: Yes, really the big decrease there is the lack of having the Commodities business in the consolidated results last year, about $214 million worth of difference, is just the fact that they're not in the results because of the equity method accounting now.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, fair enough. And then the trading book back at RBS, I know you guys get less information now since the JV happened, but that has the realization of the trading book changed it all or anything after that?
Don Felsinger: About the tenure of the book?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Yes.
Don Felsinger: No, nothing has changed.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Leslie Rich with Columbia Management.
Leslie Rich – Columbia Management: Hi. Could you talk about the distribution from RBS of $305 million, how does that work?
Don Felsinger: I will have Mark take you through it, but as you are aware, Leslie, we have been getting cash now for about the last year of the business, which was something unusual for us.
Mark Snell: Well, Leslie, it is pretty straightforward actually. During the year, we get distributions to pay our taxes every quarter, based on the profitability of the partnership and then at the end of the year, there is a catch-up to pay out, to essentially pay out 100% of the prior year's earnings. And that was the $300 million that we got in the first quarter, which caught us up to the prior year's earnings. And we plan on getting that every year.
Leslie Rich – Columbia Management: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Good morning, guys. This is a question that goes back to I think Mark's prepared comments on the insurance premiums. What is the estimate in terms of how much that is going to cost you this year and going forward?
Don Felsinger: I will have Mark go into some more detail, but we are one of the first utilities in the state to renew the end of – I think it is next month, June. So we will have better numbers, but as we have been talking to our carriers, every indication we get is we are going to pay more, probably have a higher deductible and get less coverage. Mark, you want to expand on that?
Mark Snell: Yes, all I can just say is why we don't have exact numbers yet, because all we are getting is sort of indications of interest from the carriers and a general thought, we have a couple of quotes, but we don't have all of the different layers priced out yet, but it looks to us as that our insurance premiums for this kind of thing in the past to run to about $16 million to $18 million. They are going to be probably at best twice and maybe even higher. But we had anticipated and we are also looking to talking with the PUC representatives about getting recovery for that rate.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay, got you. Because the rates are frozen now through 2011, right?
Mark Snell: Well, actually yes, because our rate structure actually contemplates an ability for extraordinary things like this to go in on an interim basis and get some rate relief, so that is a possibility and we are not banking on it but it is certainly a possibility.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay. And to the case on your – (inaudible) did the replacement of the steam generation facility – how has the cost of that project changed over time? Is it still roughly the same amount that you guys talked about over the last year or so?
Don Felsinger:
 :
Debbie Reed: Our information coming from Edison, who is handling the construction, is that the project is on schedule and on budget, and our share would be about $169 million, including AFCD [ph] space.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay, got you. And then just on the tax plan that is proposed by Obama on closing so many foreign tax loopholes, is there any impact that you guys can see from your operations abroad that would affect your tax rate or your cash tax payments?
Don Felsinger: I will have Joe Householder expand on this, Faisel, but remember, his plan is not slated to start until 2011. The legislation has not worked itself either side of Congress yet, so it will probably change. I think we'll probably have more information toward the end of this year as more of these details get worked out. It will obviously, in its current form, have an impact, but I don't think the current form as it is being talked about will be what is implemented. Joe, do you want to –?
Joe Householder: Yes, Faisel, I think it is pretty early in the process, as Don said, to speculate about what might actually happen. You have already heard some of the senior senators saying that they are not really for this and we need to have good international tax laws that are competitive with the rest of the world. So, I think it is fair to say that this proposal would move us in the wrong direction and we are more supportive of policies that would help us invest in US infrastructure, particularly in energy and infrastructure investments like that. That is where our focus is. You know, we have looked at some estimates, but I don't think it would be prudent to talk about them, because this is going to change a lot in the next year or so.
Faisel Khan – Citi: Okay, Joe, I appreciate it.
Operator: And we will go next to (inaudible).
Unidentified Analyst: One thing, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of – what you're thinking about in terms of expected LNG flows into the US through the summer and into the fall and kind of then how that might translate into a ten year view you have in terms of natural gas markets and pricing outlook?
Don Felsinger: I am going to have Neal respond to you, but I still think we are still very optimistic that with the amount of LNG that is coming online and the need to have some place to deliver it, that the US is the destination of probably choice, maybe last choice, but we are the largest market that is going to come here when it comes. Neal?
Neal Schmale: Yes, we talked extensively about this at the analyst presentation a month ago and for those of you who were there, you will recall that the demand in the rest of the world is going down with the economy and the consequences of that are that LNG is probably going to come to the US and that will exert a downward pressure on US natural gas prices. What is interesting from Sempra's perspective of course is that our business model in the LNG business is not designed around gas prices. We have contracted long term for the utilization of these facilities and it is consistent with our general approach to things that – where we tend to perform pretty well in all kinds of markets.
Don Felsinger: One of the things that we're seeing and I think you will see more of this later is that almost everyone that is bringing a new liquefaction facility online is getting themselves lined up to deliver spot cargoes, both to Europe and North America and we have had conversations with a lot of people that have an interest in bringing spot cargoes. We will see what eventually evolves, but I think there will be announcements in the industry sometime in the next short time period.
Unidentified Analyst: And in general, in terms of visibility, in terms of what type of cargo flows you are going to have, is it a very short window in which you have visibility because it is pretty variable or can you talk about that a little bit?
Don Felsinger: I just think that with the amount of capacity that is coming online and the fact that there aren't very attractive markets from a price standpoint, any place in the world that what people are looking to do is at least for the short term, and I am talking about a year to two years, just deal with spot cargoes and taking the spot cargoes wherever the market gives the best price. I think beyond that, as people see a firming up of gas prices Indonesia, Europe and North America, there will be more long-term contracts put in place.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
Don Felsinger: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hey guys, congrats on a really good quarter. Can you give an update a little bit on Mississippi Hub and Bay Gas in terms of both the construction outlook, but also the contracting outlook and what you’re seeing in the competitive landscape for either pipelines into Florida or other storage projects down in that region?
Don Felsinger: You bet, Michael. I will have Neal give you an update. But let me just paint the big picture for you. Between now and about 2015, we’re going to spend $1 billion developing about 75Es of storage and that’s at three locations, Bay Gas, Mississippi Hub, and Liberty. And Neal, you want to walk in through where we are contracting-wise?
Neal Schmale: Yes the materials we presented once again at the analyst conference is good. But in terms of Bay Gas, we have a little bit over 11 Bcf currently operating and it’s fully contracted. There is 5 Bcf under construction, be in service late 2010. And then we plan to increase the total capacity of Bay Gas to 27 Bcf. At Mississippi Hub, we have 15 Bcf under construction, 4 Bcf of that’s contracted and our plans there is to increase the total capacity to 30 Bcf. And then we expect to have another 17 Bcf in the Liberty – in the Liberty expansion area. Once again, what we’re looking at here is, is something that’s consistent with the approach that we’ve taken on all of our investments. That is, we have signed up contracts to lock in returns, grew substantial portion of the capacity before we build it. And we try and build in areas and with respect to assets that are in a good position to capitalize on the flows that we’re going to face. More particularly, if LNG comes in, our assets in the Gulf Coast, we’re going to be well positioned to take advantage of those flows. If the shale gas production and so forth and that part of the country predominates, we will be once again well situation to deal with that. So I’ve come back to the theme that we develop assets and function well over a wide variety of economic downturn.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. And what’s the best way for investors to kind of think about the economic – I mean the economics of these types of projects for Sempra mostly similar more of a take or pay like agreements or is there a combination of kind of some variable component to it. I’m just trying to think about the modeling aspect of this.
Neal Schmale: I think once again when we sell out the capacity, we – you should think of that as fundamentally the equivalent, I guess the economic equivalent of take or pay. But there are additional revenues around the edges. But when you adopt a kind of business model that we’ve adopted the fundamental economics for our LNG facilities or for pipelines or for that matter for these storage fields revolve around the contracts that we’ve entered into that provide these stable good returns. But in almost all cases, we have the ability to enhance that and improve the returns around the edges if you will.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, thanks guys.
Don Felsinger: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Michael Goldenberg with Luminous Management.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: Good afternoon. Actually, good morning for you.
Don Felsinger: Hi Michael.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: Just couple of housekeeping questions. Just so I understand that that lower tax rate has to do with Mexican currency benefit at the Corp, is that why the tax rate is so low?
Don Felsinger: That was one of them. And also the other was the timing of when we take solar credits.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: How many credits did you bring in this year’s – this quarter from solar?
Don Felsinger: Joe?
Joe Householder: Michael, there is roughly a small – about a 1% of that impact is from solar and we’re estimating to have maybe $20 million of credits for the year. And so using the effect of rate method, maybe about a quarter of those have come in the first quarter. But we also had some other issues. We had lower tax rates because we have non-US income and we had some higher software deductions at the utilities.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: And the $20 million at the parent, not at Generation. You will book it at the parent.
Joe Householder: It will be in the Generation business unit.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management:
 :
Don Felsinger: Solar, we are looking at adding – it’s 48 megawatts between now and next year, so 20 this year.
Joe Householder: About 20 this year.
Don Felsinger: 20 on line this year.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: 20 megawatts and then 28. And then I can take the solar credits proportionality?
Don Felsinger: That’s correct.
Joe Householder: That’s reasonable.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: Okay. And then other income at SDG&E, was it – why was it so high?
Don Felsinger: Say that again.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: Other income, SDG&E of $17 million.
Don Felsinger: Well, I’m not sure. Let me ask Debbie to take a look at that.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: Seems abnormal, right?
Don Felsinger:
 :
Joe Householder: About $8 million of it was AFUDC equity at SDG&E and SoCal. The utilities combined SDG&E 6 [ph]. And then $10 million of it was in interest rates swap gain at the Calpine, OMEC plant, but because we consolidate that plant, we bring their income in. So really it was not ours, it was Calpine.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: So hold on. So it was plus (inaudible) SDG&E and minus 10 at the parent?
Joe Householder: No $10 million in our consolidated results. It gets backed out down in the, what used to be minority interest, but now non – earnings attributable is non-consolidated energy.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: Okay. So this –
Joe Householder: There is no effect on net income.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: And just so – so this $7 million of minority interest can be just backed out against other income?
Joe Householder: Yes.
Don Felsinger: Yes.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: And are we’re going to keep seeing minority interest going forward?
Joe Householder: Yes.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: Okay. Understood, to the tune of like $7 million per quarter?
Joe Householder: It will change obviously because Calpine plant is going to unwind about the third quarter, so it will get bigger.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: Okay. And why is it minority interest you – because you own majority and you consolidate it?
Debbie Reed: Yes, this is – this is Debbie. And under the FIN 46 rules, since we have a contract with a put and a call, then we have to record it on our books. And I would also stress though when a plant goes into service, we will start seeing earnings off of this, because we are increasing our equity and have the CPUC approve an increase in equity to offset that on our balance sheet. So as the plant goes in service, we will start seeing earnings later this year.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: Okay, understood. Thank you very much.
Don Felsinger: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Now we’ll go next to Leon Dubov with Catapult Capital.
Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital: Hi good morning.
Don Felsinger: Good morning.
Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital: I just wanted to double check if trading clearly had a really good quarter and you guys pointed out to the gas and oil parts of it. I’m wondering how much of that dynamic you continue to see in the second quarter of what drove the big gains in Q1 and if we should be thinking about similar types of results going forward.
Don Felsinger: Mark, you want to address this.
Mark Snell: Well, look, I think it’s always dangerous to take any one quarter or commodities and try to project that out over the whole year. But I would say if you’re looking at the markets, most of the things that you saw in the – in the first quarter and towards at the end of the first quarter as far as the steep and tangled in the markets, the relatively low volatility in those in the kind of way the markets were behaving that hasn’t changed all that much yet as we go into the second quarter. So as we sit here right now, it looks very similar. And we don’t really give predictions on where we are in the current quarter, but I think the markets looks similar so take that for what it’s worth.
Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management: Okay, that – that’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we’ll go next to Rebecca Followill with Tudor Pickering & Co.
Rebecca Followill – Tudor Pickering & Co.: Hi guys. The higher insurance rates for the utilities, is that included in guidance?
Mark Snell: Yes it is. We anticipated that and we haven’t adjusted our guidance for it. So it is included.
Rebecca Followill – Tudor Pickering & Co.: Similar – next question, similar to after any disaster, insurance rates go up across the board. So are you guys seeing significantly higher rates for your LNG facilities?
Mark Snell: We are not. The rates from our other property insurances – I mean, they’ve changed a little bit, but not nearly as significantly as we’ve seen for our fire insurance coverage.
Rebecca Followill – Tudor Pickering & Co.: Thanks. And then the last question on the commodities business, I may be doing the calculation wrong, but it looks like the invested capital is down at RBS. Could you talk about that a little bit?
Mark Snell: Yes. The invested capital is quite a bit lower and the regulatory capital is actually running quite a bit lower than it was last year. And that’s pretty easy to kind of figure out, because it is a function of two things which have both come off dramatically. One is commodity prices as those have dramatically over the peak of last year and the volatility is much lower too. And also as a result of the lower prices, the prices of that volatility is less even though with the absolute reduction in volatility. So both of those things have lower – have much, much lower capital requirements. And that actually for us is as the JV partner, with a cap on our capital, that actually works to our advantage. So we’re getting a larger percentage of the earnings early on this year because of the lower capital than we would have gotten last year.
Rebecca Followill – Tudor Pickering & Co.: So by my calculation, I still back into $1.6 billion capital that you guys have, been have about $500 million from RBS compared to about $2.4 billion a year –
Don Felsinger: Your math is good.
Mark Snell: Your math is good.
Rebecca Followill – Tudor Pickering & Co.:
 :
Don Felsinger: Lower commodity prices.
Mark Snell: Yes, just lower commodity prices. It has – actually the total amount of the invested capital in the business is still pretty high. But the regulatory capital which is a function of pricing and volatility is what you’re focused on and how the returns are derived. And you’re absolutely right the regulatory capital is much less. The actual capital in the business, the actual cash investment in the business is – it’s not – it’s lower than it was last year, but it’s still quite a bit higher than the regulatory capital. And that’s just – that extra capital is just an abnormal kind of borrowing rates.
Rebecca Followill – Tudor Pickering & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Mark Snell: All right.
Operator:
 :
Unidentified Analyst:
 :
Don Felsinger: What I was saying was that we’re about to move our energy commodity traders together with traders from our RBS’ North American headquarters and they will be trading a variety of activities, foreign exchange, interest rates, bonds, and equities, as well as energy commodities. So the entire group is going to be around 700 people.
Neal Schmale: But our group, our joint venture is limited to commodities only. So we’re –
Don Felsinger: Trade energy commodities.
Neal Schmale: Yes energy commodities in metals are really our primary trading activities.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hi guys, I had a follow up. And this is more of a macro kind of thinking long-term question. Now that it’s – now that we’re well into kind of what’s been our financial crisis and maybe can even look out the other side to see if the world’s improving over the next nine to 18 months. Can you talk a little bit about lessons learned across the industry and how you think the competitive landscape likely will change over the next few years in the natural gas infrastructure business, whether it’s pipelines, LNG, et cetera?
Don Felsinger: Well the key learning is to not to get overleveraged. I think going into this crisis where we had a strong balance sheet, didn’t have that much debt, boded well for this company. I think the other thing that as I look at what made us kind of stand above our peers is the fact the way we approach projects where we do not build on spec, we build a project only when we have customers willing to signup or use of that facility whether it would be 10 years, 15 years or 20 years. I think that coupled with our long-term view that we’ve had about natural gas being a fossil fuel of choice in the political and economical climate that we’re entering that also plays well into where we are going. But I think the key lesson for most companies is that don’t get yourself over leveraged because free money is not a thing that last forever.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay. In the competitive landscape, can you kind of lookout over the next year or so or two or three years, how do you think that changes if it changes much at all?
Don Felsinger: Well depending on how long this current downturn persists, there will be some companies that probably will end up getting consolidated with other companies just for a survival, because the market is still not opened enough for lows that – that don’t have a good credit rating. So I think there will be some consolidations, but I do think that going forward that you will see companies not being quiet, so free to build a project hoping that people will come and use it later on that you will see more of a discipline that we’ve applied in the past 10 years where we will deploy our shareholders’ equity when in fact we have people willing to step up and sign a contract.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Don Felsinger: Thank you.
Operator: And with no more questions in the queue, I would like to turn the conference back over Mr. Don Felsinger for any additional or closing remarks.
Don Felsinger: Well, as Jeff said, I know you guys are all busy at AGA and about to travel. But I want to thank you for taking the time to join us. It’s great for us to able to take a few minutes and share with you our first quarter results, but I think I’ll just repeat what we said at the analyst conference that we’re in a great position in terms of the investments we’ve made that are about to start paying dividends to us. And the fact that we’re one of the few companies in our peer group that has a very attractive earnings and build-in growth rate over the next five years, so we’re happy with the way we’re currently positioned. Thanks again for taking the time to join us. If you’ve any follow-on questions, you know how to get a hold of Jeff, Glen, or Scott. You guys all have a great day.
Operator: Again, that does conclude today’s presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-24 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Martin – Vice President, Investor Relations Donald E. Felsinger – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mark A. Snell – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Neal E. Schmale – President and Chief Operating Officer Debra L. Reed – President and CEO of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co. Joseph A. Householder – Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Lasan Johong – RBC Capital ets Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management Mark Barnett – Morningstar Sam Brothwell – Wachovia Capital Markets Annie Sal – Alliance Bernstein Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Leon Dubov – Catapault Capital Management Colin Rush – Broadpoint Capital [Charles Sherritt] – Credit Suisse [Tom O'Neil – Green Arrow] Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates 
Operator:  Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy fourth quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. (Operator instructions). At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Martin. Please go ahead.
Jeff Martin: Good morning. I’d like to thank each of you for joining us. This morning we’ll be discussing Sempra Energy’s 2008 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investor section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team including Don Felsinger, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Neil Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer, Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Debbie Reed, President and CEO of our utilities and lastly Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller. You’ll note that slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. Please remember that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know they involve risk, uncertainties and assumptions so future results may differ materially from those expressed in our call. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are described at the bottom of today’s press release and are further discussed in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It is important to note that all the earnings per share amount in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis. And with that I’d now like to turn the call over to Don Felsinger who will begin with slide number three.
Don Felsinger:  Thanks, Jeff, and again, thanks to each of you for joining us. I couldn’t be more pleased with the strength of our financial results especially when considering the current market environment. All of our operating businesses performed well for the quarter and for the full year, and several of our businesses have record earnings.  I’m also pleased with all of the successful milestones we reached during the year. We accomplished a lot in 2008 but more importantly we laid the groundwork for our future growth. As a result, we’re reaffirming our previously announced 2009 earnings guidance of $4.35 to $4.60 per share.  Now to the financial results. Earlier this morning we reported fourth quarter net income of $319 million or $1.30 per share up from fourth quarter 2007 net income of $289 million or $1.10 per share, an 18% increase in quarterly EPS. Net income for the full year 2008 was $1.1 billion or $4.43 per share compared with $1.1 billion or $4.16 per share in 2007. As we go through our 2008 results there are a couple of things to keep in mind. First, our earnings per share results reflect the benefit of the share repurchase program that we initiated last April. Also, our full year results were negatively impacted by the reduced ownership in our commodities business.  Now let me hand it over to Mark Snell. He’ll take you through each of the business unit financial results beginning with slide four.
Mark A. Snell : Well, our California utility saw improved earnings in 2008 helped by a strong fourth quarter. At San Diego Gas and Electric, net income for the fourth quarter was $81 million, an increase from earnings of $47 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase was due primarily to $16 million in higher operating margin, $11 million to a lower tax rate and $8 million in higher regulatory awards. Full year 2008 net income increased to $339 million up from $283 million in the previous year. At Southern California Gas fourth quarter 2008 net income was $54 million compared with $58 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. SoCal Gas was impacted by higher litigation expense during the quarter. Full year income increased to $244 million in 2008 up from $230 million in 2007. Now let’s go to slide five.  Sempra commodities reported net income of $164 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 compared with $186 million in the prior year's quarter. Led by crude oil and petroleum, the joint venture had strong contributions from all of its product lines. Full year 2008 income was $345 million compared with $499 million in 2007. 2008 net income benefited by $67 million from the gain on sale from the formation of the joint venture with RBS, offset by $30 million in charges primarily related to litigation and tax matters that occurred in the second quarter.  This is our third reporting period under our new joint venture with RBS and reflects our reduced ownership in the business. You’ll recall that prior to the second quarter of last year Sempra had 100% ownership of the commodity business. Now let’s move to slide six where we’ll review how income from the joint venture with RBS is allocated. Here we show how income is allocated as a joint venture both for the quarter and its first nine months. A couple of highlights; first, the joint venture had income of $374 million during the quarter. After applying the income allocation methodology the distributable income to Sempra was $253 million. After adjusting to U.S. GAAP and for the impact of taxes, Sempra’s joint venture equity earnings for the quarter were $162 million.  In the first nine months since its formation, the joint venture earned $1.4 billion in margin on a mark-to-market basis. After operating expenses, the JV earned $675 million. Sempra’s after-tax share of the earnings since April 1st was $252 million. Now please move to slide seven. Fourth quarter net income for our generation business increased to $60 million compared with $40 million in the same quarter in 2007. The improvement in the fourth quarter of 2008 was due primarily to lower income tax expense. Net income increased to $222 million for the full year 2008, a 37% increase over last year's net income of $162 million. The increase was driven by improved plant operations due to the absence of maintenance outages we had in 2007. Also, lower income tax expense and solar investment tax credits that were earned from placing the El Dorado Energy solar facility into service. Please move to slide eight. Sempra Pipelines and Storage net income in the fourth quarter of 2008 was $22 million up from $14 million in the same period in 2007. Mexican pipeline operations contributed $11 million in the fourth quarter compared with $3 million in the same quarter in 2007. The increase was primarily due to earnings from LNG-related pipeline contracts. The Rockies Express West Pipeline, which went into service in early 2008, contributed $10 million of earnings in the quarter compared with no contribution in 2007.  For the full year in 2008 net income increased to $106 million up from $64 million in 2007. Full year 2008 includes $27 million of earnings from Rockies Express and $18 million of improved earnings from Mexican pipeline operations. Please turn to slide nine. Now this slide provides a summary of our business unit results. I’d like to point out a couple of things here. First, Sempra LNG recorded a net loss of $13 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 compared with a net loss of $19 million in the prior year. The improvement was primarily due to a tax benefit related to currency and inflation adjustments. At Parent and Other, we recorded a loss of $49 million in the fourth quarter compared with a loss of $38 million in the same quarter in 2007 primarily due to losses on non-qualified assets in support of executive retirement and deferred compensation programs.  I’d like to note also the fact we had a very low effective tax rate in the fourth quarter. There’s principally two things going on here. First, we have a dollar-based debt related to our Mexican assets. A weakening peso in the quarter created a Mexican tax deduction and drove a large tax benefit. Second, and what complicates it here, is that earlier in 2008 we put into place a hedge at the parent to offset the impact of Mexican foreign currency changes. This hedge negatively impacted operating income in the fourth quarter.  Removing the effect of the hedge loss and the Mexican peso adjustment, the tax rate would have been 22% and our net income for the quarter would have been reduced by $22 million, or something less than $0.10 a share. For the year the tax rate was 29% and the effect of the hedge loss and the Mexican currency adjustments reduced income by $12 million.  Now please turn to slide 10. Now I'd like to update you on our liquidity position through the end of the year from what we've previously provided on our third quarter call. When the debt markets opened up briefly in the fourth quarter, we felt it was prudent to take advantage of a market window that had been completely closed for several weeks. We issued $1 billion of new debt at the holding company and SoCalGas. As of December 31st we had $3.2 billion of cash and availability under committed bank lines. After adding our planned sources of cash, including $300 million in issuances of utility debt and the re-marketing of $200 million of IDBs, we expect to have $5.5 billion of total funds available. After netting our planned uses for the year, we still expect to have excess liquidity of $2.2 billion at the end of 2009.  Now please turn to slide 11. In summary we expect our current liquidity to cover our net funding needs through the end of 2009 by over three times. Since our last update in November we improved our excess liquidity position by about $700 million. We also have the flexibility to defer some capital spending if necessary. But keep in mind this liquidity outlook assumes we issue no debt outside of our utilities. It is much more likely, markets permitting, that we would issue debt and strengthen our liquidity position going forward.  Now please turn to slide 12. We're really very pleased with our financial results, particularly in a difficult environment. Earnings per share for 2008 were up 6.5% over 2007's results, even after considering that we sold 51% of our commodities business at the end of the first quarter. We had record results in several of our operating businesses. We have ample liquidity and last week we increased our dividend over 11% in accordance with our previously announced dividend policy. And with that I'd like to turn it back over to Don who will begin with slide 13.
Donald E. Felsinger:  Now let me update you on some operational priorities starting with our utilities. In December we reached a major milestone with the California Public Utility Commission's approval of the Sunrise Powerlink transmission project.  After several years of thorough review the commission concluded that the Sunrise project was the best option to increase reliability and bring renewable energy to the San Diego region. We're continuing pre-construction activities and expect a $1.9 billion transmission line to be placed in service in 2012. Turning to our smart meters program at SDG&E we'll begin full scale installations next quarter. Our goal is to have 200,000 meters installed by the end of this year and have all installations completed by year end 2011. And at SoCalGas we have filed for regulatory approval of $1.1 billion smart meter program of which $900 million would be capital. We anticipate the program will be approved later this year and installations will begin in 2011. Before moving on, I'd like to briefly you on the litigation resulting from the 2007 wildfires. As many of you know, SDG&E is facing numerous lawsuits relating to this issue. The largest claims are from insurers who have thus far paid out approximately $1.4 billion to homeowners.  There are several defendants involved in addition to SDG&E, with various amounts of insurance coverage. We are the largest with $1.1 billion of insurance and Cox Communications, the local cable company, is second also with substantial coverage. In light of the other defendants and given that we would expect the claimants to compromise as part of any settlement, we have not accrued or reserved for any amounts except for our normal deductibles. Now moving to some of the projects we have under development at Generation, LNG and Pipelines and Storage, in the fourth quarter we placed into service the 10 megawatt El Dorado Energy solar facility. This project is the largest thin-film solar powered project in North America. At peak production El Dorado Energy Solar generates enough electricity to power over 6,000 homes. All of the output of the plant is sold for 20 years through a power purchase agreement with Pacific Gas & Electric. Turning to our Cameron LNG receipt terminal we've experienced some delays in construction at Cameron, and we're currently in discussions with our contractor to see if we could accelerate the timeline for completion. Nonetheless, in our best judgment we expect to receive our first start-up cargo at the end of next quarter and begin testing the facility, all with the view toward commencing terminal operations in the third quarter. The associated Cameron Pipeline is complete and ready to transport gas from the terminal when it comes online. Now let me update you on our natural gas storage strategy in the Gulf Coast region. As you know, we believe natural gas will become an increasingly important fuel in this country and it's in our pipelines and storage business that we are focused on getting new sources of gas to premium markets. That's why we're increasing our presence in the Gulf. Whether the gas is coming from new, unconventional production or LNG or both, the southeastern market needs storage services. And our recent acquisition of EnergySouth storage assets puts us in a position to build out a total of almost 90 Bcf of high-deliverability storage by 2015. We have over 11 Bcf of storage in operation today and just last month we were able to increase our ownership in Mississippi Hub from 60% to 100%. Currently Mississippi Hub's first 15 Bcf of storage capacity is under construction. Operations are targeted to commence next year. Our development plan calls for eventually increasing the total Mississippi Hub capacity to 30 Bcf. You'll recall that Mississippi Hub was part of our October 1st acquisition of EnergySouth. A quick update on our Liberty Gas Storage project. For the last couple of months we've been looking at several low-cost solutions to improving the well integrity at one of our caverns. We have testing underway to determine the effectiveness of our corrective measures, and we expect to know more in a couple of months. In a worse case, were we not successful, we would have $65 million on an after-tax basis at risk if we have to impair this asset.  And finally regarding our 25% interest in the Rockies Express Pipeline, progress continues on the east portion of this pipeline. We anticipate interim service next quarter, with the line fully complete by year end. Labor escalations and some of the work-around issues that were required as part of the permitting process for the east portion have placed cost estimates for the entire Rockies Express Pipeline now at $6.2 billion. Let's now go to slide 14. Let me just say, in summarizing where we are, that I'm very pleased with the strength of our financial results for the quarter and full year 2008. Most importantly we've accomplished all of this against the backdrop of a tough economy which I think reflects favorably on our business approach of strong risk management and contracted returns with certainty of cash flows. Two thousand eight was a busy year for us, and we accomplished many major milestones that will provide a great platform for growth in the future. A combination of our business approach and recent accomplishments has allowed us to reaffirm our 2009 guidance in a very trying market. We'll be getting into more detail around our strategic initiatives and our five-year financial outlook at our annual analyst conference March 26 in New York. We look forward to seeing many of you there and with that what I would like to do now is open up the call and take questions that you may have. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets. 
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Congratulations on a great quarter, quick questions on the commodities business. There's been a lot of news floating around RBS. Anything change over there that we need to think about in terms of how it affects the JV?
Donald E. Felsinger: Well, Lasan, thank you for your comments. We are extremely pleased with the relationship that we have with RBS. There have been a lot of rumors circling around about whether RBS is a long-term player in this market and I would just say this, that we have had several board meetings and other meetings with our principals that we interface with at RBS, and the only discussions we have had are about how we implement our strategy to grow this business, to fund it, and take advantage of the unique position we have in the marketplace today, as we have had other people exist from this commodities arena.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets:  So can we expect $200 million in earnings the first quarter?
Donald E. Felsinger: Well, we like the position we're in. As you see we have extremely low commodity prices right now and this business I think is attractive both to us and to RBS because, one, we are one of the few players that are still left in the marketplace and we have a goal to keep growing this business out side of North America. That's the current plan for both us and for RBS.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Excellent. On the LNG front, can give us a sense of how much you expect to see coming to the U.S. and if Cameron will benefit from that upside on the open uncontracted volumes at Cameron?
Donald E. Felsinger: Well, Lasan, I think the way I would answer this for you is that we have been saying for a number of years that there is a lot of liquefaction capacity coming online in the next few years. And that capacity will outstrip the ability of Asia and Europe to absorb it and that means that North America will be the final destination for many of these cargos.  The position that we are in with our LNG facilities, we 'e probably as well positioned as anyone because not only do we have facilities on the East Coast, on the West Coast, and the Gulf, but we are only 65% contracted and so we have the ability to take advantage of spot cargo opportunities. So it is a position that we kind of look forward to participating in.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Excellent. One last question, any decisions on whether REX will continue to Princeton, New Jersey?
Donald E. Felsinger: Well this is a very, very troubling economic market for a lot of the people that would be looking as off takers on this pipeline. My optimism about this pipeline moving forward anytime this year has been diminished. I think we're going to have to wait until we see the market turn around, some of the distribution companies getting into a much stronger environment before anyone will make a commitment to sign up for capacity where we can extend this pipeline further east. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Goldenberg with Luminous Management. 
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management:  Still trying to understand a couple of things as they relate to taxes, as well as other income on Corp front; if I just looked up the Corp segment by itself, there is obviously a very large tax benefit and I’m still having difficulty reconciling it. Do you mind breaking down the negative $99 million head or $99 million benefit to taxes on the Corp level? And then I also wanted to ask about other income at the Corp level. 
Donald E. Felsinger: Well that would be good. I think that that's probably something we ought to talk about, because I noticed coming in here this morning that there were several things that came across my computer screen that talked about the strength of our earnings in the fourth quarter being tax-driven. That is entirely untrue. We had from an operating standpoint both a very good year and a very good quarter, and I think we ought to spend some time talking through why that is.  You want to take this one Mark?
Mark A. Snell: Sure. Michael, as I think you probably recall, but others on the call may not, in – we did get a benefit in the fourth quarter from our position in Mexico. And that benefit derives from the fact primarily because we have some dollar, some U.S. dollar-denominated debit in Mexico. And when revalued that for tax purposes into the peso, depending on the strength of the peso it, with a weak peso, that becomes a tax benefit and it can become a tax liability with a strong peso.  And what happened in the fourth quarter was we had this rapidly declining peso which created a large tax benefit and the problem or the issue there was, when you look at it, it resulted in a very, very low tax rate. Now that's only half the story, because during the year, and on the early part of the year we had a strengthening peso, a very strong peso, was creating a tax detriment and we in order to prevent that from getting any worse we had put a hedge in place.  So when you look at table A, that was in the package that we released this morning, you'll see other income expense net a negative 77, which is approximately $100 million swing from the prior year. Well a big chunk of that almost, half of that is the loss on the hedge, which is offsetting that tax benefit and also in that number is some other kind of one time items, the biggest one being some losses on assets related to deferred comp and other nonqualified pension plans that were sort of one time drops.  But just the two tax items, they don’t necessarily offset each other, but like I said in my scripted remarks, if you take out the effect of the hedge and take out the effect of the benefit from the change in the peso, you end up with about a 22% tax rate for the quarter and about $22 million left income.  But for the whole year, when you look at the whole year, we had a tax rate that was roughly 30% and the actual – the effect of these hedges and the currency adjustments actually reduced income for the whole year by $12 million. So it's really a misnomer to take a look at the strong quarterly earnings and just attribute it all to tax benefits, because you're really not taking into account the extra expense in other income. 
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management:  Just to summarize, the minus 77 for the quarter, if you assume roughly half, so there was roughly $35 million pre-tax loss in that 77, is that correct?
Mark A. Snell: It is actually $44 million, and then that was the loss on the hedge, and there is actually $57 million related to those assets, of a loss related to those assets for deferred comp and other nonqualified plans. And then those two numbers are offset by some positives.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: And how much was the tax gain in that 99?
Mark A. Snell: The tax benefit, yes, $30 million was the benefit.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: Okay, that makes sense.
Mark A. Snell: Okay.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: I’m sorry I must have missed this. What is the latest for in service date for REX East?
Dan Felsinger: The end of this year.
Michael Goldenberg – Luminous Management: End of this year, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Barnett – Morningstar.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar: just had a quick one also about the Rockies Express. I’m wondering if given your new, your updated cost outlook, I’m wondering what sort of returns you guys are targeting now for that project?
Donald E. Felsinger: The unlevered returns on that project are currently about 6%, 6.2% or so.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar: 6.2%?
Donald E. Felsinger: Unlevered.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar: Unlevered. All right, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sam Brothwell with Wachovia. 
Sam Brothwell – Wachovia Capital Markets: Hey. Obviously commodities had a very strong fourth quarter. Would you – kind of the character where that came from, is that driven mainly by just the very favorable commodity environment that you were in or is this also driven by some new business resulting from bringing in RBS as a JV partner. 
Donald E. Felsinger: Well, Sam, it's really all those. I think the thing that we've talked about in quarters and years past is that this is really five little small businesses. We're not tied to any one commodity. We're a strong physical player, but we're in oil, natural gas, electricity, metals, all of those businesses in a quarter perform very well. Helped by the fact that RBS has been taking us around the markets we haven't been in. So, it's a combination of all those things working very effectively.
Operator: Your next question comes from Annie Sal – Alliance Bernstein.
Annie Sal – Alliance Bernstein: My question's been answered but I – it's the same question as to do with the large tax benefit in the – at your corporate level. But I have a follow-up question. You said if you take out the $22 million in income the tax rate should be about, the whole year should be around 30%? Is that right?
Mark A. Snell: No, Annie, the tax rate for the year is roughly 30% and for the year we had a tax detriment because of the – between the hedge losses and the currency adjustments of a negative $12 million. And then for the quarter, if you take out the Mexican currency adjustments and the hedge loss we would have had a tax rate of 22% and our income would have been reduced by $22 million. So we benefited by $22 million in the fourth quarter.
Annie Sal – Alliance Bernstein: So what kind of normalized tax rate we should use for '09?
Donald E. Felsinger: For '09 we expect to be a pretty much a full taxpayer.
Unidentified Corporate Participant: Yes, low to mid-thirties.
Donald E. Felsinger: Annie, but you know I would suggest and I'll make this offer, is that any of you that want to pursue this in more detail, as always, you can call Jeff, Glen or any of the staff here. But the message I want to leave you with, that we had just great operating results for the year, and great operating results in the fourth quarter. So we want to make sure and clarify with you that what you're seeing here are not one-time items coming in to impact earnings. But it really came from the strength of our operating business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Question for you, is there an update on the Liberty Gas Storage project? I apologize. I missed the first few minutes of the conference call, so if you discussed it in the first five or ten minutes I'm happy to follow-up offline.
Donald E. Felsinger: You did. But let me just repeat that again. We mentioned to you, I think the last call, that we were struggling with the integrity of one of our caverns. For the last few months we have been going through and putting in place some low-cost solutions that we're currently testing out.  And I would expect that within the next several months we will have an answer on whether or not we can get this cavern to work. In a worst case scenario, where we have to abandon this cavern, we would be looking at a write-off of something that would be around, $65 million after tax.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Separate and a little bit unrelated question, when you think out the next five to seven years at pipeline development in the western U.S., which are the major pipelines, whether yours or someone else's, that you think actually get built in that time horizon?
Donald E. Felsinger: Well, we spend a lot of time thinking about that, and we've been watching with a lot of interest the activities of both Sunstone Project and the Ruby Project. In a rational market we would think only one of these would get built. In an irrational market, and then sometimes the way we behave, both could get built. We currently don't have an active MOU with either party.  And so we are sitting on the sideline here taking a look to see if we have any position that we would want to take with either one of these pipelines. But I do believe a pipeline will get built. There's enough gas in the Rockies that can supply the needs in California. And I think this next year ought to be kind of interesting to look at what takes place in that pipeline competition.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Are there any of those two pipelines or the others that have advantages or disadvantages in terms of permitting right-of-way, siting, etc.?
Donald E. Felsinger: I think that they both have strengths and weaknesses from the standpoint of their routes and their market opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management. 
Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management: Two questions. You guys, when you originally gave '09 guidance you gave us some breakdown of which business contributes what. Could you just update us, today, where we stand on that and what percentages come from the utilities versus what percentage of guidance of '09 is expected to come from commodities?
Donald E. Felsinger: Well, we're going to do this in a lot of detail when we travel to New York at the end of March to update you on our five-year plan. I think we can do that for '08. I'm not sure we want to do it for '09 right now.
Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management: Can you just give us a rough idea to maybe what percentage regulated versus unregulated? Is that easier?
Donald E. Felsinger: Mark, why don't you go ahead and just give a general overview?
Mark A. Snell: Yes, I think, generally speaking, the breakdown that we gave you last year, with the targets by business unit, are going to be very similar. There's going to be some little bit trading between the units but I think especially as to the split between commodities and the non-commodity businesses that should be roughly the same.
Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management: On a different note, we kind of hear a lot in the news about the economy in California and them having trouble balancing the budget. Is this having any effect at all on the regulatory environment or are the Commissioners more conscious of it? We're seeing the Edison general rate case being delayed and I'm curious if you guys have a view as to what effect this might be having?
Donald E. Felsinger: I'm not sure that the status of the various utilities and their regulatory applications. But I think one of the things that we have done, is we got through the regulatory process and put in place a four-year rate plan. And we're currently operating off that. So we don't plan to go back to the Commission for another two to three years to ask for any changes.  I think we got everything that we wanted that works well in this environment. As you know, in California we don't have any commodity exposure, we don't have any shareholder sharing mechanisms with customers in the settlement. And from the standpoint of our attrition years we just have fixed-dollar amounts not tied to customer growth.  I think the thing that's going on in California is we do have a troubled economy right now but from our standpoint the good news is, is that commodity prices are really down. And so when we look at the billings that go out to our customers they are probably at a low point right now. So it means, from an affordability standpoint, that people can look at their utility bills as something that are manageable to pay. Debbie, do you want to add to this?
Debra L. Reed: I would just add that 2008 was a great year in getting rid of any risks in our business. We got our general rate case, as Don mentioned. We also got the Sunrise decision. We had our storage incentive mechanism approved by the CPUC, and our energy efficiency approved. And so, last year we cleaned out a lot of cases and eliminated a lot of risk in our business. And now we're moving forward with our growth plans to get our Smart Meters installed, to get Sunrise constructed and to move forward.
Donald E. Felsinger: I think there's a certain amount of foresightedness that we have at this commission led by [Mike Peavy], and that is taking the long-term approach. And so looking at what we need to set the state on a course that is driven by renewables and energy efficiency and some control over our energy future, we are spending money today for infrastructure to make that happen. And I see that commitment, not only at the CPUC, but also at the Governor's office.
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin Rush – Broadpoint Capital.
Colin Rush – Broadpoint Capital: Can you talk a little bit about the roll out of solar in your asset base, how you see that playing out? And how you're benchmarking pricing going forward if you're looking at the wholesale electricity market, or if there's another benchmark that you're using?
Donald E. Felsinger: Neal, do you want to talk about solar for a second, both at the utility and at Sempra Generation?
Neal E. Schmale: We have solar activities going on, as Don mentioned, both in the utilities and in Sempra Generation. Starting with Sempra Generation we recently dedicated a 10 megawatt thin-film plant outside of Las Vegas, Nevada. And it's the largest thin-film plant that’s been built and we are looking at the possibility of expanding that by about another 50 megawatts in that area and what we need to do in order to expand that is to sign a long-term contract to take the output as we have done with respect to the first 10 megawatts. So that’s going ahead and I think it should go ahead reasonably well assuming we can get a contract. We also control several thousand acres of land where we can build more solar particularly around Mesquite plant in Arizona. So there’s a lot of opportunity for us to develop solar to sell into the markets in the southwest near our existing power plants. Now that’s all on the Sempra Generation side.  On the utility side, they put in an application to spend up to $250 million to develop solar in basin in the San Diego area and that’s currently in the hearing process. And given the kind of support that the California Commission has exhibited for these kinds of projects, I think there is some potential that that could go ahead on a fairly large scale as well. 
Colin Rush – Broadpoint Capital: Are you looking at the market price referent plus the time of use premium for pricing these systems or is there another metric that you guys are using?
Neal E. Schmale: Well without getting into the details of the pricing as a practical matter when you’re selling into the California markets, you have to look at the time premiums that are there in the market reference price because those are the kinds of things that are considered in the regulatory regime and that’s basically what we’re dealing with, what the regulatory regime will allow in terms of purchases.
Donald E. Felsinger: But Colin, I think you can expect to see us both at our utilities and our Sempra Generation business pursue solar investments. 
Neal E. Schmale: And just one final question and thanks so much for all the detail on this. Are you evaluating any other technologies other than the thin-film technology that you worked with on your 10-megawatt facility?
Donald E. Felsinger: Yes, we’re evaluating various technologies.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Charles Sherritt] – Credit Suisse.
[Charles Sherritt] – Credit Suisse: Could you walk me through the scenario in which RBS says that they don’t want to be part of this JV anymore on their call on Thursday? Would you take the trading book back on your balance sheet? What’s your thinking there?
Donald E. Felsinger: Well, they’re not going to say that on Thursday so we’ll start with that but I will have Mark walk you through the agreement we have with RBS and it starts from the standpoint that we have a four-year agreement not to transact the business by either party. Mark?
Mark A. Snell: Yes, a couple things. I mean, again, let me just reiterate what Don just said, which is we have been in constant talks with our partner and you know I can’t speak for them but I will tell you what they have said, which is if there was to be any change in the JV status, they would have informed us by now and I can say they have not. So we feel very comfortable that this JV will stick together. But with that said, if they down the road decided to change their minds, the first hurdle is, is the agreement itself has a contractual obligation that neither party would try to sell or get out of the agreement for four years. We’re not quite a year into that yet but we have about, we have roughly three years to go on that. So I think contractually they’re bound to do that.  We do think that the support that they’re getting from the U.K. government would completely eliminate the possibility of any kind of a fire sale or something where we had to do something very quickly without careful planning and thought. I think we’re kind of in a stable position now with RBS and the government influence that they have on the bank has stabilized them to the extent that if we were to do something, it would be we would have a negotiation, we would figure out what the right thing to do is.  And we kind of think as our worst possible downside is sort of getting our capital back at book, which is $1.6 billion, which is what we have invested in the business. And I think that’s sort of a downside and frankly that’s about $6.50 a share so you can do your own math and decide whether there’s more than $6.00 a share at our stock now for the commodity business.  But I think as we look at this business going forward, the opportunities for growth and the ability to really capture a market with not very much competition right now is so good and our results for the last quarter and our ongoing results have been so positive, that I think that this is a very valuable asset in the long run and I think the bank recognizes it and I think we certainly recognize it and it’s something we’d like to stay in for a while. 
[Charles Sherritt] – Credit Suisse : And in follow up, so does that mean that under this worst cast scenario where you get the capital back, you would take the business back? Is that the right way to think that?
Mark A. Snell: Yes, I think we’d certainly have an opportunity to do that if we wanted to. I think our ideal would be to find another partner if that was the case. One of the things with this business is it would be hard to run it in the size that it is on our balance sheet; that’s the reason we looked for a financial partner in the first place, so I don’t know that we would take, you know that we would take it all back but I think what we would do is work it out over time with the bank and figure out something that makes sense for everybody. 
[Charles Sherritt] – Credit Suisse: So you would take a smaller piece of it back?
Mark A. Snell: Probably.
Operator: And our next question comes from [Tom O’Neil – Green Arrow].
[Tom O’Neil – Green Arrow]: Just a quick question on the utility. The GRC was struck in a pretty highly inflationary environment and subsequent to that, we’ve seen some pretty good deflation or it looks like we will. Just, if I understood your comments correctly, those were fixed revenue increases that don’t really have a [inaudible] mechanism that would reflect change in environment?
Mark A. Snell: You’re correct.
[Tom O’Neil – Green Arrow]: And just your comment about not going back in for the next two to three years, could you just remind me when that rate deal runs through?
Donald E. Felsinger: Debbie, do you want to walk through this?
Debra L. Reed: Yes, just to, Tom, to give a little flavor the fixed revenue requirement. We will be getting about $95 million, $93 to $95 million each year for the next three years and the end of the rate period. It started in 2008 and it goes through 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: A lot of my questions were answered but I just wanted to, and I’m sorry if you guys went over this and I missed it, what’s the effective tax rate you guys are expecting in 2009?
Male: Thirty percent.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Mark Barnett – Morningstar.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar: Hey guys, just one more question. Sorry, I had forgotten to hit this on the first time around. But I was wondering if you had, in your expectations for LNG shipments for the year, if you had maybe an explicit forecast for cargos that you’re expecting? I know you had said you’re expecting one cargo in Louisiana for the test but I’m wondering if you had an explicit sort of forecast for what would be hitting your facilities?
Donald E. Felsinger: We have nothing in our earnings outlook for cargos. The cargos that we are anticipating bringing in at Cameron are for start-up. We do expect spot cargos to make themselves available to North America in the second half of this year.
Mark Barnett – Morningstar: Okay, so you had said you were 65% contracted and the rest, that 35% you’re expecting spot cargos?
Neal Schmale: We do expect, this is Neal Schmale, we of course do expect cargos from [Tangu] to come into the eco-plant later in the year, if that’s what you’re referring to?
Donald E. Felsinger: Contractually, our BP cargos start arriving later this year. Spot cargos we look at as strictly being opportunistic and of course in Cameron there’s going to be a function of when our plant goes into operation, which I said we plan to have that happen the middle of this year.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Don Felsinger for any additional or closing remarks.
Donald E. Felsinger: Well once again, thanks to each of you for taking time to join us today. If you have any follow-on calls, you know how to get a hold of Jeff, [Ben] or [Scott] and look forward to seeing you in about a month in New York and laying out our five-year plan. You guys have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for you participation.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-10 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Martin - VP, IR Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and CEO Mark A. Snell - EVP and CFO Neal E. Schmale - President and COO Debra L. Reed - President and CEO of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co. Joseph A. Householder - Sr. VP, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management Faisel Khan - Citigroup Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Chip Moore - Canaccord Adams
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Martin. Please go ahead.
Jeff Martin - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning. I am Jeff Martin and I want to thank you that you could joining us. I know it's a busy time that many of you are actually traveling or attending the EEI Conference in Phoenix. This morning we'll be discussing our third quarter 2008 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team including, Don Felsinger, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neal Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Debbie Reed, President and CEO of our Utilities; and Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller. You'll note that slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Please remember this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical facts and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know, they involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. But future results may differ materially from those expressed on our call. These risks and uncertainties and assumptions are described at the bottom of today's press release, and are further discussed in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It is also important also to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation today are shown on a diluted basis. And with that I'd now like to turn it over to Don, who will begin with slide 3.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jeff. And again thanks to each of you for joining us. Here is a format for today's call. Mark Snell and I will start with the financial results, then I will update you on the status of some of our key business activities. And then, finally we'll close with any questions you have. Now to the financial results; earlier this morning, we reported third quarter net income of $308 million or $1.24 per share, compared with third quarter 2007 net income of $305 million or $1.15 per share. 2008 results benefited from a reduced share account due to the completion of the share repurchase program that we initiated in April. We're pleased with our performance for the quarter and for the first nine months of 2008. We had very strong results from the San Diego Gas & Electric, and Southern California Gas, as well as our Generation, Pipelines and LNG business. Third quarter results were negatively impacted by our commodities segment. But when we look at the full year outlook for that business, we still expect earnings to be in the range of $250 million to $350 million. Now, let me hand it over to Mark. He'll take you through each of the business units financial results beginning with slide 4.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Don. At San Diego Gas & Electric, net income for the third quarter was the $123 million, which is the same as the year-ago quarter. But if you note the items listed on slide 4, you'll see that SDG&E benefited from $19 million on higher authorized margin in Q3 2008, a direct result of our California and FERC rate cases. Now please turn to slide 5. Southern California Gas' third quarter 2008 net income was $77 million, up from $63 million in the third quarter of 2007. About half of the increase was the benefit for retroactively applying higher revenues authorized in a recently filed rate case, with the other half coming from the resolution of a regulatory matter. Now let's go to slide 6; Sempra Commodities reported a net loss of $8 million in the third quarter of 2008 compared with $87 million of net income in the prior year's quarter. This is our second reporting period under our new joint venture with RBS and reflects our reduced ownership in the business. You'll recall that prior to the second quarter of this year, Sempra had 100% ownership of the Commodities business. The third quarter 2008 net loss included an after-tax loss of $3 million from our share of the equity earnings of RBS Sempra Commodities. The JV recorded only $60 million of trading margin for the quarter, which was impacted by a sharp decline in commodity prices and reduced liquidity at certain physical trading hub, as the number of companies pulled back and we adjusted to these new market conditions. Even though each of our product lines was adversely affected in the quarter, losses were limited to our power marketing book. Don will update you with some of the positive developments we're currently seeing in this business, but for now let's move to slide 7, where we will review how income from the joint venture with RBS is allocated. Here we show how income is allocated at the joint venture, both for the quarter and its first six months. A couple of highlights; first the joint venture posted a loss of $33 million during the quarter, after applying the income allocation methodology, the loss at Sempra was $29 million. Now Sempra's share of the loss was higher than you might expect due to the combination of the joint venture having such an outstanding second quarter, and the third quarter results coming in much lower than the prior period. More simply, we had to give back some of the allocations above of our preferred return for the year that were booked last quarter since we made these calculations on an annual basis. After adjusting to U.S. GAAP and for the impact of taxes, Sempra's share of the joint venture equity earnings for the quarter was a loss of $3 million. In the first six months since its formation, the joint-venture earned $706 million in margin on a mark-to-market basis, after operating expenses, the JV earned $301 million or a $195 million after tax. Sempra's after tax share of the earnings since April 1st is $90 million. Please move to slide 8. Third quarter net income for our Generation business increased significantly to $94 million compared with $58 million in the same quarter in 2007. The improvement in the third quarter of 2008 was due primarily to $25 million and higher mark-to-market earnings and $8 million and lower income tax expense as a result of Sempra Generation's recent solar investments. Please move to slide 9. Sempra Pipelines & Storage net income in the third quarter of 2008 doubled to $34 million compared with $17 million in the same period of 2007. Mexican pipeline operations contributed $12 million in the third quarter, compared with $4 million in the same quarter in 2007, the increase was primarily due to earnings from LNG related pipeline contracts. The Rockies Express West pipeline, which you'll recall went into service earlier this year, contributed $5 million of earnings in the quarter compared with a $2 million loss in the prior year. For the first nine months of 2008, net income increased to $84 million up from $50million in the same period in 2007. Year-to-date 2008 includes $17 million of earnings from Rockies Express compared with a loss of $4 million in 2007. Please turn to slide 10. This slide provides a summary of our business unit results. One point of interest here is that Sempra LNG recorded net income of $4 million in the third quarter of 2008 compared with the net loss of $4 million in the prior year. The increase in net income was primarily due to a mark-to-market gain on a natural gas marketing agreement with RBS Sempra Commodities. Now please turn to slide 11. Now I'd like to take some time to talk about our liquidity position and how the current economic environment could impact our business in 2009. First let's talk about our current liquidity. As of October 31st, we had $245 billion of cash and availability under our committed bank line. We have three committed credit facilities with total commitments of $4.3 billion from a group of 19 banks. These are multi-year credit lines that'll mature in August 2011, roughly $2 billion of those credit lines are being used today to support our commercial paper program and letters of credit. Now please turn to slide 12; what I'd like to do now is kind of walk through our funding needs through the end of 2009. This table reflects our current outlook for sources and uses of funds over the next 14 months. Total sources not including our bank lines are expected to be about $2.7 billion, while uses are projected to be about $3.7 billion. This does not include the $500 million share repurchase previously planned for next year. This result in a net funding requirement and a possible draw on our credit lines of $1 billion through the end of 2009. Keep in mind, this assumes that only debt issuances to occur during the period would be about $600 million in utility debt and the remarketing of $400 million of IDBs. Assuming the debt markets remained close for holding companies and non utilities through 2009, a highly likely outcome... highly unlikely outcome, excuse me, we could still expect to end 2009 with ample liquidity of $1.5 billion under this scenario. Now please turn to slide 13. In summary, we expect our current liquidity to cover our net funding needs through the end of 2009 by roughly 2.5 times. We also have the flexibility to defer some capital spending if necessary. Once again this outlook assumes we issued no debt outside of our utilities. This is highly unlikely. We are well positioned to make up through this tight spell in the debt markets with enough liquidity to support our operating businesses, complete construction of several major infrastructure projects, and lay the foundation for continued growth. Now please turn to slide 14. We are pleased with our financial results particularly in a difficult environment. Earnings per share for the third quarter of 2008, was up 8% over the same quarter last year. SDG&E, SoCalGas as well as our Generation, Pipelines, and L&G businesses all performed well. Results worked for at our commodities, but we don't expect to repeat performance in the fourth quarter and are actually pleased with the results so far through October. Last month we also completed a $1 billion share repurchase that began back in April. In total, 18.4 million shares were repurchased. In regards to the additional repurchases we have planned on starting early next year, we will continue to evaluate the debt markets, interest rates and other factors that may impact our business with the view towards making a decision on a follow-on share repurchase, when the debt market return to normal. Turning to the economy and its impact, Sempra, like all companies, is being affected by the current worldwide economic crises. The debt markets are expensive at best and closed entirely in some cases. Higher borrowing costs coupled with very low natural gas prices, which affect profitability of Sempra Generation and Sempra LNG could, if they remain unchanged, effect our profitability in 2009. Additionally, given the uncertainty at the commodity markets, and a lack of bank borrowings for energy infrastructure, which impact related hedging activity, growth at RBS's separate commodities could be dampened. At our Analyst Conference, we provided 2009 earnings guidance of $4.35 to $4.60 per share. We will update that guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call, which will be held in February of next year. In the interim, there are several factors in the current economic environment that could put pressure on our 2009 financial results and these include interest rates. If they remain at the 10% to 11% level for BBB borrowers and given our forecasted borrowings, it could impact our earnings by $0.10. Natural gas prices, if they continue in the $6 range that could impact us by $0.05. And if growth of our Commodities JV is not as we... robust as our original forecast, and we come in closer to the low end of the $300 million to $400 million earnings range we forecasted, it couldn't impact us by as much as $0.20. Since we are not quantifying any potential upsize, we are not changing our guidance at this time. We are just pointing out the limited range of downsize that could impact our earnings due to the extraordinary economic environment we are experiencing. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Don, who'll begin with slide 15.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks. Mark just covered some of the considerations that could put pressure on our results in 2009. I also think it's important to talk about some of the positive considerations as well. First, we expect the business environment to improve in 2009 and a corresponding reduction in interest rates as lending activity returns to more normal levels. I am also very optimistic. I am also very optimistic about our commodity segment. It looks like this past October will be one of our best month ever with improved business activity and margins across business all lines. And longer term when you consider RBS is improving balance sheet and the potential to increase market share, we remain confident in the joint-venture's ability to produce strong risk adjusted returns overtime. Also our two utilities just posted their best quarter ever with $200 in income. So I think there is positive to build on for 2009. Now let me update you on some operational issues starting with our utilities. In the third quarter, we received a final decision on our general rate cases for SDG&E SoCalGas. The decision called for a revenue increase in 2008 that allowed us to book a $40 million retroactive benefit for the first six months of the year. More importantly, the decision also provides revenue certainties for 2011 with fixed revenue increases in each year. Turning to our smart meter programs, at SDG&E, we'll began our full scale installations early next year; and at SoCalGas, we filed for regulatory approval of a $1.1 billion program of which $900 million would be capital. We anticipate the program will be approved and installations to began in 2011. Also during the quarter we filed a request to develop a series of solar projects at SDG&E. This program would have initial target of 70 to 80 megawatts of solar electricity. Pending commission approval, SDG&E expects to add up to $250 million of rate base as these projects are developed over the next five years. The first installations are targeted to be operational as early as next year. As for the Sunrise Powerlink transmission project, a major milestone in the approval process was reached 10 days ago. On October 31st, the commission issued two draft decisions, one by the administration law judge and one by the assigned commissioner. Even though the proposed decision issued by the administrative law judge in the proceeding of recommended new generation for the San Diego region we believe that the commission will ultimately approve some variation of the recommendation made in the alternate decision by the assigned commissioner. A transmission line that takes a more southerly [ph] route and the one we originally proposed. We expect the commission to make a final decision in this proceeding by year end. Our preliminary estimated cost of the line is approximately $1.9 billion including estimates for the required litigation measures needed to reduce environmental impacts and provide rerouting in certain areas. Now please go to slide 16; what I'd like to do now is to take a moment to recap some of the projects we've recently completed or have under development, our LNG and pipelines and storage business. We completed the Energía Costa Azul LNG terminal early this year as well as the expansion of a Bajanorte Pipeline, which connects to the facility. We've also started construction on nitrogen facility at the terminal. We are in the midst of developing a significant amount of salt cavern storage in the Gulf Coast region. The first project that we began developing in the region Liberty Gas Storage has been a challenge. We've had some sub-surface issues that have delayed completion. We're now evaluating whether we'll be able to correct these issues. If not, we may be required to take an impairment charge of approximately $65 million after tax or our 75% share of the project. Alternatively, if our corrective actions are successful, which we expect to know by the end of the fourth quarter, would expect to place the facility in the service in the first half of next year. Since we can develop three other salt zones in the Gulf, if we can't place Liberty in the service other than the one time charge, our ongoing storage earnings would not be significantly impacted. On October, the 1st, we closed the EnergySouth transaction, which now gives us two more storage projects in the region. First, the Bay Gas Storage is currently operating with the fully contracted capacity of over 11 Bcf and additional 5 Bcf is under construction with a 2010 in-service date. There are also plans to increase the facility's total capacity to 27 Bcf by the end of 2011. Mississippi Hub gas storage is the other project under development. Currently the facility's first step in the half Bcf of storage capacity is under construction and commitments are in place for 4 Bcf. Operations are slated to commence in 2010. There are also plans to increase the total capacity of Mississippi Hub to 30 Bcf by year-end 2015. Sempra's ownership interest in the project is 60%. Sempra's share of the capital cost to build out the total storage of both Bay Gas and Mississippi Hub is expected to be about $500 million. And finally, regarding our 25% interest in Rockies Express Pipeline, we are experiencing higher costs than we'd originally forecast for the eastern leg of that pipeline, mostly around labor and some of the workaround issues that were required as part of the permitting process. As a result, the revised cost estimate for Rockies Express is approximately $6 billion. Our share of the equity to support the project is now estimated at $750 million, and we expect annual distributions from that investment of roughly $80 million to $90 million per year. Now for a quick summary, please go to the last slide. I'm extremely pleased with the strength of our financial results for the quarter and came down for the first nine months of the year. When you step back, I think our success is in large part a function of how we allocate capital and manage risk. First, we don't commit capital to projects until we have contracts. Secondly, our utility investments are in locations with positive regulations where we aren't exposed to commodity prices or sales volumes and we have high returns on invested capital. Furthermore, we have pension plans that don't expose our shareholders when we need to make contributions to increased funding. Outside our utilities, we have paid the long dated contracts like you see in our natural gas infrastructure businesses, since this provides our shareholders with certainty of cash flows. And lastly on the commodities front, we took a proactive approach that placed us in a unlimited partnership position, where our equity is capped and we bear no liquidity risk. These are the type of things that helped businesses like ours consistently perform well. Going forward, we'll continue to be execution-focused and look forward to updating our 2009 guidance when you join us on our fourth quarter call. And with that, let me open up the call and take any questions that you may have. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll go first to Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. Good morning.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Don, Mark, I'm a little confused about the Commodities business. I would expect that with competitors dropping off like flies and volatility increasing, that it wasn't the...
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Lasan, let me interrupt you and ask you if you could maybe get closer to the phone, we can't hear you here.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Is this better?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's much better.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. With competitors dropping off like flies and volatility and gas prices, it seems like a minimum branch-to-branch. I mean how is it that the Commodities didn't do well in the third quarter? What's specifically the type of [Ph], how did the loss get created?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Allow me to say Lasan that in the third quarter, we saw a very unusual commodity activity with prices basically all going down across all commodity lines. And we found ourselves in a position in the Northwest, where we had very little liquidity. And in the process of rebalancing our position, we ended up taking a loss in the power book in that region.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: We categorize that as a very unusual situation, something that has been not likely to be occurring frequently?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's a position that we won't find ourselves and again.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And... but going forward then, can we make in conjunction [Ph] that even though volumes may stabilize or even come down, the margins are to increase straight across the...
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Lasan, back to that point, I am just... I have never been as excited about the commodity businesses I am today. We saw a lot of people exit out of the space. We had a very unusual quarter with just loss of liquidity and prices declining, but I think going forward with the joint venture we have with RBS even though, we don't have as much liquidity in the market, because there are fewer players, it plays very well to our strength. As both the financial and physical player, this is the space we want to be in right now, we just had a great month in October.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Excellent, excellent. Don, this is the kind of situation for internationally economic when, Sempra's thinks to be able to pull some interesting acquisition moves and take advantage of some of the system modulation in the marketplace. Kind of... give us a sense of what you're thinking about in terms of valuations and assets in the acquisition market if you would?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would just say from a growth perspective that as I just went through a one down, we have a lot of capital projects that we are either in the final throws of completing or about the launch, and so a lot of organic growth. From the standpoint of the marketplace, there is no doubt that as you look around at the landscape, there are a lot of companies that have depressed equity prices. And if you look at the type of things that we would have an interest and just go back and look at what we did with EnergySouth, and I think that would kind of project to you the type assets we're looking for, something in the natural gas space that plays to the line of infrastructure we want to be in. So I think we are well positioned with organic growth, acquisition opportunities. And as Mark mentioned we have... always as a back staff, have the ability to go back and buyback shares when the market looks favorable.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Mark, can you give us update on what the mark-to-market non-cash mark-to-market does for the third quarter?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry, Lasan, I just didn't... I didn't get that, could you repeat it?
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I am sorry. Third quarter non-cash mark-to-market adjustments?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Third quarter non-cash mark-to-market adjustment.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In which business?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In Generation?
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Straight across the board for the Generation, for Commodities, for whatever, LNG?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Lasan, I think what we thought was sort of the inverse of the asset commodities business, both at Generation and LNG, we have some hedges emplaced, and those hedges came roughly into the money as commodity prices dropped and that's why we have some pick ups across the board there.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Lasan.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Goldenberg of Luminous Management.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Good morning.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: I guess we've been already has done accustomed to excellent operations from Sempra. So I guess it's a little surprising to hear about your difficulties with the storage. Can you expand a little as to what exactly this with, why... it was unforeseen and what there remains to be figured out as to whether going to be a write-off or what do you can actually put on service?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me start off and I'll ask Neal to follow on here. But in our Liberty Gas Storage development, we ended up buying two existing caverns that have been mined for other purposes. And so in the process of going through and doing the sub-service development, we've run across some issues that we think will cause those storage caverns to have some problems. Now we're currently working through some potential solutions, we haven't given up yet on those. But as we mentioned if in fact, we do have to walk away from these facilities, our share of any write-down would be around $60 million, $65 million. But that is dependent upon getting some more information. The positive thing here, Michael, is that we do not need the storage field to go forward with the acquisition we've made with Bay Gas and Mississippi Hub plus other projects we have in the Liberty region, we can go forward and build out this business with minimal impacts on earnings going forward. Neal, do you want to...?
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: I would just underline what you just said about how good the future of this business looks with the opportunities we have at Liberty South and with the recent acquisition. But to get you a very... the question about the cavern and question, the fundamental issues there is, we have 13.3 inch [ph] in the casing through a whole we drilled into one of the caverns, and we've been unable to get the right kind of pressure test to assure that 13.3 inch casings, what we're looking at now is running another string of 10.75 inch casing into that, cementing the new string, 10.75 inch casing and try, and try and effect to see a lab way [ph]. But we don't have a lot of space in the well board to do that, and we also have to make adjustment around whether or not long term and the objections were on cycle. We think that will be a satisfactory solution and what we are doing now is engineering studies and studies of the caverns around those issues, and we should have those sorted out before the end of the fourth quarter.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But the lesson here is this: this is one of those facilities, where we win them [Ph] and try to take a preexisting cavern and make it capable of holding high pressure natural gas. In the other projects, we have in the region, we are going to go into a salt firm and mine our own caverns. And so we will have much more confidence in the integrity of the caverns. And the lesson here is don't go by cavern that was used for something else and trying to think you can store gas in it.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Got it. And one more question, its about the REX pipeline. When you said the new cost is $6 billion, which leg... continue with just clarify, which leg the $6 billion is for whether its REX East or the additional light of REX for these?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's mainly for the eastern portion of the pipeline. The western portion is in service. The costs are basically recorded. As we got the final FERC decision and the environmental mitigation that we had to go through the additional routing that we had to take place, and some of the mitigation measures of what's driving this cost.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: But that's through Ohio, right? It has nothing to do with the proposed pipeline down the road [ph]
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right,this is an existing pipeline through Ohio.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Got it. Okay, that's what I wanted to make sure. Thank you very much.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Michael.
Operator: We'll go next to Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hey Faisel.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Hi. Just to clarity in the Liberty Gas storage, can you just, can you quantify the size of the cavern relative to the size of the entire Liberty Gas storage project?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The two caverns were 17 Bcf.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And the cavern that is, could be impaired is how large?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: 11 Bcf, I believe.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: 11 Bcf of the 17 Bcf could be impaired?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Potentially, the full 17 Bcf, that's what we are looking at right now. But I once again would reiterate that these particular caverns, we have other projects that would fully replace the capacity we're talking about here.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Sure. And on the Powerlink project, the alternative route that's have been proposed by the commissioner, the science commissioner on this project, what the... how would change the timing of a potential on a completion and engineering and construction of the Powerlink versus what you guys had if they are planning for previously?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Debbie and I were taking before the call and we are assuming that if we get a final commission decision, which would expect before the end of this year, that we'll have that line in operation in 2012.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, got you. Is it still follow the same sort of FERC transmission rules in terms of getting cash return on equipment, is that right?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And so that the cost of project now would be roughly $1.9 billion, is that what you are estimating?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: This route is a little more expense and so we're looking at another couple of $100 million.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, understood. And I wonder if you can give us a little bit of an update on the LNG market. I know the last year the number of cargos coming to the U.S. has been pretty slim, but given the economic situation around the world, I am wondering if you can update us on it? Is there any change in the projected amount of volumes that might be coming into the U.S. at some point in time?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it is amazing how quickly the world market changes in a three months period. But we actually feel very optimistic about the ability now to get spot cargos into the Gulf with the worldwide economic issues. As we look at the traditional landing areas in Asia and Europe. Our sense is that we're going to end up with more cargos in the Gulf. We are starting to see some activity now. I can't give you, kind of a firm estimate of how many cargos will be coming to North America and what was otherwise thought [Ph]. But I think by the end of this year, I will have a better sense of that.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Great. Thanks for the time, guys.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys. Can you hear me?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Paul, we hear you fine.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I wanted to touch base with you on an article that came out in today's [ph] press indicating that you think government's potential ownership of RBS could impact the JV, could you just sort of tell us from your perspective what you see the potential impact?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me give you some color on that. And then I'll have Mark follow through on this. But every signal that we have seen from RBS is that this is the space they still want to be in. It's such a great compliment to their banking business with all the asset they finance. But if you are referring to the fact that we're planning go out and do on equity offering and they've gone through and done with this portfolio fleet disclosures, where they may have to access in joint ventures, I think that's just what it is, a standard boiler plate language. From the standpoint of our joint venture, we have a clause in there that neither party can sell until four years out from the formation of joint venture, but I think that's kind of wrong approach to look at this. This is a business, it's in a space they want to be in. It's had a great month here that all the bankers that are out loaning money love the fact that we have the ability to hedge some of these transactions that they are doing with commodities. And we feel very upbeat about where we are. Mark?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, just direct to your point on the article that you saw the quotes were actually from outside analyst, not from the people inside the bank. But what they were referring to was some JV agreements that they have, and I haven't read them all, but I know ours, have changed the control provision at the bank. So the government were to take a such a large percentage of this offering that they are doing that it triggered to change a control provision, it could cause some issues with some of their joint ventures. With respect to our joint venture in particular, it really doesn't cause any issue. The change in control provisions within our joint venture are relatively benign. It has some language around convents not to compete stuff with us, but it's really almost kind of mood point, it doesn't really matter. And the more important thing in our join venture agreement as, Don mentioned, which was the both neither side to really contemplate selling for four years. So essentially we have to be involved in that kind of the decision.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So they can't not just laterally get out of the UK government as some sort of perspective as in order of the bank, some change in direction, I mean realize that that may not be a likely outcome, but just trying to get a better picture on this.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right, they don't have a contractual right to do that. And so, I think at the end of the day, there are lot other commitments.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Then with respect to Sempra Generation, and I guess... I apologize I got a little bit distracted when Lasan asked the question about the total mark-to-market impact. Don said that Sempra generation, but it's higher company as a whole, what is the non-cash mark-to-market impact? I'm sorry I didn't get the answer.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hang a just second while we look at up,
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Whenever you get them, I'm moving on that [ph]. The other question that I finally have is on the stock buyback, there was some expectation, I believe for some of the buyback in your 2009 outlook and now it sounds like that might be held up by your... while we see what happens in the markets in general. Just I mean, if you can elaborate a little bit further, I mean you mentioned that some other company's stock prices were down and that might be opportunities. But as a last resort, you might obviously look at buying back stock, I don't know if I am quoting for data, but that's why I thought your comments were. Your stock has come down as well, obviously and what's the thought process I guess in terms of what that looks like vis-à-vis other. And also in terms of dividend growth, has that outlook changed at all since you guys were sort of a little bit more, thinking a little bit more aggressively about that earlier in the year?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me talk about stock buyback. It's not our last resort, I think stock buyback is something we would line up along with everything else we are doing. We have organic growth with projects we've already identified and have spending plans lined out form. When we look opportunities in the marketplace, we are seeing everybody having declining equity prices and so we have to go through and look at any of those opportunities and whether they make sense in today's debt markets. And then thirdly, we have the option to have a stock buyback. So I would line all three of those up and we will do whatever makes the most sense for our shareholders. And regarding our dividend policy, our Board has done nothing to signal any change. And they act upon this once a year. We will have a robust discussion again. But I don't expect any change.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Paul, this is Mark. To answer your question, we have $41 million in mark-to-market gains, $28 million in Generation, $13 million at LNG. And then of course, those are offset by the... some of the losses we have in mark-to-market at the commodities business.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: When we look at the cash flow statement, where do the mark-to-market gains, the non-cash gains show up. Is there any line item or are they sort of... I am just looking in general, I am having little difficulty in terms of locating where they would show up. But is it... I don't know, where are they?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: They would show up in changes in working capital.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So, they are all within less than a year?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Absolutely.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. I really appreciate it guys. Thank you
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll going next to Chip Moore, Canaccord Adams.
Chip Moore - Canaccord Adams: Thanks. Quick question on you smart meter program. You indicated earlier that San Diego Gas & Electric would start to point early next year; just wondering if that's on track with the original February timeframe?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It is. And let me have Debbie talk about what our next tests are?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: Yes, we have... this is Debbie. We have installed 5,000 meters already and we are testing them MCL [ph]. We will begin full deployment in February of 2009 for SDG&E. And then we'll also filed for SoCalGas smart meters and we're hoping to get a regulatory approval for that in the middle of 2009. And then, we'll begin the work on the SoCalGas side. That's about $900 million of capital on the SoCalGas side if we were to get that approved.
Chip Moore - Canaccord Adams: All right, thank you. Appreciate the color.
Operator: We'll go next to David Tameron [ph] Wachovia Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning guys, thanks for the time. Just following up on the question about the JV; so there is no way for RBS to curb funding of the JV or do anything to slow it down, they are committed on to this contract for four years to fund whatever is required and to grow the businesses as you and MC said?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Dave, I mean nothing is a guarantee unlike, RBS will do what RBS wants to do. They have a contractual arrangement with us and every signal we have seen is very positive about this business to get something that will enhance their basic thinking business. And so it's our expectation and as the expectation of all the people at RBS we interface with that they want to capitalize on the opportunities in the marketplace right now to grow this business. And we are seeing nothing to the contrary.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So you feel like you have a full strength of their balance sheet and....
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes we do.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And I know when there was some discussions, I thought a month or so would go that there were still from contracts that hadn't been shifted over to JV. Are and those all shifted over now. Is every thing in?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No we've got.... we have some counterparties that reside in the U.S. and reside in Canada, and RBS is still getting regulatory approval in Canada. As soon as they have that regulatory approval, we will shift those contracts over to RBS's balance sheet. That's expected to take place around May of next year.
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me add to that, David, that all of those contracts, they are all in... all of our commitments are guarantees, are indemnified by RBS. And I think the concern early on I think when there were some concerns that RBS might not survive, I think most people now expect the vast majority would believe that that's not an issue any longer with the cash infusion that's been made by the British government, so we fully expect to know that they would honor their commitments, and so we're fully indemnified by the bank.
Unidentified Analyst: But that's not really an issue any more. Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: Right.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's helpful. All right, thanks for the time.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll got next question from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Hi guys, just a follow-up. Mark, you said there were some mark-to-market losses at the JV. Maybe you can quantify that and look at the operating income, pretax distributable income of the JV, what would the non-cash impact?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, Faisel, I think it's clearly we have... obviously everything is the JV, is on a mark-to-market basis.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Right.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It came up of the negative earnings for the year, we must have had mark-to-market losses. But it's... so if you actually look at the table that are attached to the press releases, you'll see on the margins, we did have a large negative margin in the power book business. But other than that, the rest of our businesses were profitable.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Is it fair to say that some portion of that power loss could be non-cash?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ultimately, all of these things kind of go into cash, but they're probably non-cash at the moment. But that doesn't mean that ultimately it won't turn around. And most of this book turns around as you know in a two year period at the moment. Now some of those power fields are a little bit longer. They may go out three years or four years. But the impact is... we don't try to quantify that so much any more, because of the liquidity issue with the bank providing the liquidity. But at the end of the day, those losses will manifest themselves in cash over the next two or three years.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And Faisel, as I mentioned earlier, we saw a turnaround in October and actually had just one of the best Octobers we've had in the 10 years we've had this business.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Has the size of the book changed at all? I know you guys don't disclose that; is there anything?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It has changed, it's gotten a little bit bigger. We've... it's been expanded a little with some of the business that we are getting on the hedging activity. It's one of the things that we talked about. That's been a real high point. But the gas... but beyond that the it's roughly the same.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: On the cash flow statement, can you guys just comment on how the housing and the working capital and equity earnings have been... large changes in working capital and...
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Faisel, I am going to ask you, we're having difficulty on this. I think it's our phone system here. But could you repeat that please?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Yes, sure. On the cash flow statement, for the nine months you got equity earnings of negative $228 million and changes in working capital negative 408, can you comment a little bit on how those may be reverse or change overtime?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me ask Joe Householder, see if he can make his...
Joseph A. Householder - Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer: Can you hear me okay?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Yes, I can hear you fine.
Joseph A. Householder - Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer: The equity earnings is $228 million; that's just reversing out the equity running. $145 million of that is from RGS, $30 million from Rockies, and rest from South America. So then when that turns into cash, it comes in below. So, you'll see now, we will do wind down just below the working capital distribution for RBS. So that was the first distribution we've got after the second quarter.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, understood.
Joseph A. Householder - Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer: Cash flow coming in. The working capital, it's kind of split up among four business units, SDG&E was $66 million of it. It's balancing account changes; SoCal was $115 million, mostly in inventory changes. $56 million [ph] of over Sempra Commodities just going away to venture, and about $90 million of it was at LNG, mostly for inventory acquiring cargos.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, understood
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And Faisel, this will get a little bit more clear next year when... because we have the transaction with RBS this year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Right.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That kind of marks it up on the first nine months, but after we get that, the effects of that out of the system, it will be a little simpler.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And the cash could distribute a partnership that the end of the year, is that right?
Joseph A. Householder - Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer: It comes clearly tax distributions and then the rest around February, end of February.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Understood, thanks guys.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Felsinger for any additional and closing remarks.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thanks to all of you for taking time out of your schedule today to join us on this call. And let me just go back and reiterate that we are extremely pleased with where we are today. We started this year out with earnings guidance of $3.65 to $3.85. We raised that to $3.80 to $4. And as we look at the next year with $4.35 to $4.60 of earnings. We feel good about that, but we've given you what we think are some of the worst case scenarios that could impact that guidance for next year. We'll have a chance to refresh this with you at the end of the quarter in our February call. And thank you again for joining us. If you have any questions, need to follow up, get a hold to Jeff, Glen, and Scott. You guys all have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-08 01:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Martin - VP, IR Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and CEO Mark A. Snell - EVP and CFO Neal E. Schmale - President and COO Debra L. Reed - President and CFO for Sempra Energy Utilities Joseph A. Householder - Sr. VP, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management Faisel Khan - Citigroup Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Samuel Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein Michael Worms - BMO Capital Markets Elvira Scotto - Banc of America Securities
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy's Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Martin. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Martin - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good afternoon, I'm Jeff Martin. We know how busy everyone is with earnings season, so we appreciate the fact you've taken the fact to join us today. This afternoon we will be discussing Sempra Energy's second quarter 2008 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the investors section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team including Don Felsinger, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neal Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Debbie Reed, President and CEO of Sempra Utilities and Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller. You will note that slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Please remember that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical facts and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know, they involve risk, uncertainties and assumptions that future results may differ materially from those expressed on our call. These risks and uncertainties and assumptions are described at the bottom of today's press release and are further discussed in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It's important also to note that all of the earnings per share amount in our presentation today are shown on a diluted basis. And with that, I'd now like to turn it over to Don, who'll begin with slide 3.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, good morning. Thanks Jeff, and thanks to each of you for joining us. Here is a format for today's call. First, Mark Snell and I will start with the financial results. And I will update you on the status of our key business activities. And then, as we usually do, we will close with any questions that you may have. Now to the financial results; earlier this morning, we reported second quarter net income of $244 million or $0.98 per share compared with second quarter 2007 net income or $277 million or $1.05 per share. We are pleased with our performance for the first half of 2008 with strong results from our California utilities and a great start for our new joint venture, RBS Sempra Commodities. Based on the strength of our first half performance combined with an improved outlook for the reminder of the year, we are increasing our guidance to a new range of $3.80 to $4 per share, a $0.15 increase over our previous guidance. Now I'd like to hand it over to Mark, who will take you through the business unit results beginning with slide 4.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Don. Well, Sempra Utilities second quarter 2008 net income increased 11% to $117 million from a $105 million in the year ago period. San Diego Gas & Electric net income for the second quarter improved to $61 million compared with $51 million in the year ago-quarter, primarily due to the performance incentives recognized during the quarter and the impact of a lower effective tax rate. At Southern California Gas, second quarter 2008 net income was $56 million, up from $54 million in the second quarter of 2007. For the first six months of 2008, Sempra Utilities net was $248 million, up from $222 million in 2007. It's important to note that earnings from our utilities for the first six months of 2008 do not include any revenue increase from the rate case decision we received last week. As a result of the revenue increase now being retroactive to January 1st of this year, earnings for this first six months of 2008 would have been approximately $42 million higher. That increase will be recognized into the third quarter. Now let's go to slide 5. Sempra commodities reported second quarter net income of $130 million in 2008 compared with $155 million in the prior year's quarter. This is the first reporting period under our new joint venture with RBS and reflects our reduced ownership in the business. All prior periods represents Sempra's ownership at the 100% level. Second quarter 2008 net income included $93 million in equity earnings from the joint venture and a $67 million gain on the transaction with RBS, offset by $30 million in charges primarily related to litigation and tax issues. The excellent results from the joint venture in the quarter were driven primarily by the strong contributions we had from our natural gas and power segment. Now let's move to slide 6. What I'd like to do here is to go into a little more detail on the earnings allocation from our new joint venture. The JV had an extremely strong quarter with $646 million of margin on a mark-to-market basis. After operating expenses, the JV had $334 million in pre-tax distributable income or about $220 million on the standalone after-tax basis, well above the year-ago quarter. Now let's review how the partnership income is distributed. First, Sempra gets the 15% return on its $1.6 billion of invested capital, which for the quarter equaled $60 million. After RBS received its return on capital, then Sempra gets 70% of the next $500 million in annual earnings, which for the quarter was $87 million. Finally, Sempra gets 30% of all remaining earnings or in this case $18 million for the quarter. For the total distributable earnings to Sempra for the quarter were $165 million. After adjusting the U.S. GAAP and for the impact of U.S.... for the impact of taxes, Sempra share of the joint venture equity earnings was $93 million. One quick note: overtime, we expect the U.S. GAAP adjustments to eventually go away as we completely transition of moving certain contract that are held at the joint level over to RBS. Please move now to slide 7. Second quarter net income for our generation business was $23 million compared with $10 million in the same quarter in 2007. The improvement in the second quarter of 2008 was due primarily to $17 million in increased earnings from plant operations due to scheduled maintenance and associated downtime that impacted the operations in 2007. Now, please move to slide 8. In the second quarter 2008, Sempra pipeline and storage reported net income of $24 million, a 41% increase over the $17 million reported in 2007. The Rockies Express West Pipeline, which went into full service in May, contributed $7 million of earnings in the quarter. Also for the first six months of 2008, net income increased to $50 million, up from $33 million for the same period of 2007. The improvement was primarily due to $12 million of earnings from Rockies Express. Please turn slide 9. This slide provides a summary of our business unit results and I'll highlight a few points starting with our LNG business. Sempra LNG recorded a net loss of $28 million in the second quarter of 2008, compared with a net loss $13 million in the prior period. The higher losses were primarily due to higher income tax expense related to Mexican taxes on the appreciation of the peso with respect to the U.S. denominated debt. And we also had higher market loss on our marketing agreement with RBS Sempra commodities. For the year, we expect this business unit to come in within our guidance of negative $40 million to negative $60 million. Under parent & other, we recorded a net loss of $22 million in the second quarter of 2008 compared with net income of $6 million in the prior year's period primarily due to an $80 million from an interest rate swap recorded in last year's quarter. Please turn to slide 10. In summary, we had strong quarter. And as Don indicated, our improved confidence for the reminder of the year allows us to increase guidance to a range of $3.80 to $4 per share. Income our from California utilities increased to 11% before the benefit of our general rate case decisions. Our new commodities joint venture is off to a great start, and we believe this demonstrates potential for continued strong growth. In April, we began repurchasing the first $1 billion of our common stock as part of our plan $1.5 billion repurchase program. We had over 15 million shares delivered to us already, and we expect to complete the first $1 billion of the program in the fourth quarter. And finally, we've increased our quarterly dividend 13% this year from $0.31 to $0.35 per share in accordance with our targeted 35% to 40% payout ratio. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Don, who will begin with slide 11.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark. Let me begin with an operational update starting with our utilities. Last week, we received a final decision on our general rate cases for SDG&E and SoCalGas. This decision together with our updated capital results in a $209 million revenue increase this year retroactive to January 1st with fixed revenue escalations in the following year averaging $95 million or over just... just over 3% year per year. As a result of the decision, we are not affected by changes in our customer base or productivity targets and there is no earnings sharing, both of which are important protections for shareholders and more broadly demonstrate the constructive nature of the California's regulation, particularly given the down term in the economy. Regarding the Sunrise Transmission project, we still expect a final decision by year-end, which would result in the line being placed into service in 2011. Last month, we also filed a request to develop a series of solar projects at SDG&E. This program would have an initial target of developing 70 to 80 megawatts of solar electricity about two-thirds of which would be utility owned with the reminder owned by third parties. Pending commission approval SDG&E expects to add up to an additional $250 million of rate base to develop these projects over the next five years. The first installations are targeted to be operational as early as next year. And finally, we recently began installing smart meters in SDG&E's territory and also announced Itron as our meter vendor. Full deployment will begin in 2009 with completion targeted in 2011. Before, I move on to our recent EnergySouth announcement, I'd like to briefly touch on what's driving the early success that we are seeing out of our commodities joint venture with RBS. As mark mentioned, the strong results we saw this quarter were driven primarily by natural gas and power. Another key development that we are seeing is increased deal flow, this coming from both new customers and of new areas of business. At the moment, we have a pipeline of about 50 large deals pending, many of which combined customer needs for financing with their need to hedge some form of commodity related exposure. As you'll recall, these are exactly the types of transactions we were targeting by partnering with RBS. Now let's move to slide 12. Last week, we announced our plans to acquire Mobile based Alabama EnergySouth for $510 million in cash. EnergySouth consist of two business lines: a growing midstream business that is in the midst of a major build up of its natural gas storage facilities that should reach 57 billion cubic of capacity when completed and an Alabaman natural gas distribution company that serves the Southwest Alabama region. This acquisition directly supports our broader natural gas strategy, much like our role in bringing in Rockies Gas to premium markets in the Northeast with the Rockies Express Pipeline. By expanding our Gulf Coast operation, this transaction allows us to better serve key markets in the Southeast for gas demand outpaces the national average. These two assets compliment our existing operations in the region and position us with growth in the future. This transaction is expected to be slightly accretive to earnings in 2009 and depending on our natural gas markets to develop will contribute up $2.30 earnings in 2012. Now to slide 13. This slide provides more detail of the business service comprise EnergySouth. EnergySouth midstream owns 91% of Bay Gas Storage, a facility located 40 miles north of Mobile. What we find most attractive about Bay Gas Storage is the eastern most storage facility on the Gulf Coast and we believe it's the position storage facility to directly serve the growing Florida market. Currently Bay Gas has more than a 11 Bcf of working storage, all of which is contracted and operational. An additional 5 Bcf is over 90% contract and is under construction with the schedule 2010 in service date. There are also plans to increase the facility's total capacity to 27 Bcf by the end of 2011. Their midstream business also owns 60% of Mississippi Hub gas storage. This facility has planned direct interconnections to the growing natural gas production areas in eastern Texas, Oklahoma and Arkansas. Currently, the facilities first 6 Bcf of storage capacity is under construction and commitments are in place for 4 Bcf of this capacity. Operations are slated to commence in 2010. There are also plans to increase the total capacity to 30 Bcf by year end 2015. Sempra Energy share of the capital cost to build out the total storage of both Bay Gas and Mississippi Hub will be between $475 million and $525 million. You'll recall that we've talked about the growing importance of natural gas storage given the combination of high prices and continued volatility in commodity markets. That's why we think this business will compliment our existing goal portfolio. On the utility side, Mobile Gas serves over 90,000 customers in Southwest Alabama, a region that stands to benefit from strong economic development. Alabama has a constructive regulatory environment that authorized ROEs in the 13% range, and mechanisms in place to minimize sales and volume risks. Overall, it's an attractive regulatory environment with the risk profile some of that what we have here in California. In short, these are great businesses that will be a nice additions to the Sempra family of companies. Now let's move to slide 14. This slide shows EnergySouth locations in the Gulf region. In the center you'll see EnergySouth's existing business, the Mobile Gas utility, Bay Gas Storage and Mississippi Hub gas storage. You can also see that they are uniquely located to capitalize on new shale producing regions in Texas, Oklahoma, and Arkansas, as well as future LNG growth in the Gulf. Along with our current LNG pipeline and storage development in the region, we believe the EnergySouth acquisition helps lay the foundation for a highly profitable natural gas business in the gulf. Now let's move to slide 15. There has been a lot of progress in recent months on Rockies Express Pipeline project. In May, we began full service on the Rockies Express west portion of the pipeline that runs from Colorado to Missouri. Approximately 1.5 Bcf per day a gas is now flowing. We've also began construction of Rockies express east in July. We still target interim service by year end with completion expected in the third quarter of 2009. As you may have seen, total project costs for the entire pipeline are now expected to be $5.6 billion was Sempra's share of $1.4 billion. There had been a number of things that have gone well with this project, but challengeable has been around cost increases on the eastern most segment of the pipeline. These increasing cost pressures are primary due to labor escalations and changes in our preferred route. Even with this cost increases when Rockies Express is fully operational, we will have around $650 million of equity invested and be receiving dividends each year of about $70 million to $80 million, an attractive return on our investment. I think it also bears mentioning that today's high cost environment makes it more difficult for new pipeline projects to compete with Rockies Express. Early on, we were able to lock in certain costs such as steel and labor for the first half of the pipeline. That type of hedging is not available in today's cost environment. The key point is that Rockies Express or any similar pipeline couldn't be duplicated at the same price. Moving to LNG, at our Energía Costa Azul terminal, we began commercial operations in May and started receiving revenue on half of the terminal. We also planned to start construction on $125 million nitrogen injection plant in the third quarter and expect completion by year end 2009. In Louisiana, our Cameron receipt terminal remains on track to be completed by the end of the year. Now let's move to slide 16. Let me close with a couple of summary comments. Very pleased with our strong financial results for the quarter and where we are for the first half of the year. What's important to focus on is what's driving our financial performance. First it's our California utilities; up 11% for the quarter and 12% in the first half of the year. And that excludes the impact of increased revenues from the rate cases, which will be retroactively applied to January 1. Secondly, it's from our pipelines and generation business. Pipelines is up over 50% in the first half with new contributions from Rockies Express and to our commodities business, producing solid growth with less risk to Sempra. On the basis of those results and our improved outlook for the remainder of the year, we've raised our 2008 guidance to $3.80 to $4 per share. And with that, let me now open up the call and take any questions that you may have. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from Lasan Johong from RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. Don, the EnergySouth transaction looks very compelling, but I'm kind of wondering what you're going to do with 93,000 customers.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Of course, I mentioned, Lasan, the distribution utility came with a transaction. It's a good utility with good regulation. And for the current time, we plan to keep it.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Any opportunities to do some bolt-on type acquisitions around that small utility?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As I mentioned that that's a growing area of the U.S. from an economic standpoint. And we look at it something that we would plan to look and make it even a better utility.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: So, you're going to operate it first, try to improve it and then maybe kind of abate [ph] to launch more potentially more acquisition.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think you should a look at everything that are doing in the Gulf is a way to enlarge out footprints. We think this is a key area for growth and for natural gas infrastructure, having storage pipelines, LNG receipt terminals and a distribution utility there give us the foundation to kind of build from.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I think that's the great idea. This is probably a question you're going to laugh at and probably say you can't answer, but I'm going to ask it anyway. What would have Sempra been able to do with the commodities business having not have the joint venture?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think we'd be struggling in today's credit markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: So, you may not have gone to your $93 million?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's hard to get into hypotheticals of what we could have done or not done. We know that this is a very difficult market from a credit standpoint. Having the strength of RBS behind this transaction, looking of where commodity prices are and the positions we would have been able to hold, I think all bodes well for this. Note the fact that I mentioned, Lasan, just the deal flow that we are now getting with RBS that we didn't have access to before, makes us a really great outcome.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Understood, and I can't disagree with that. What's the progress on getting additional contacts at Cameron and ECA?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me, I will go and just start here that and I will let Neal talk about where we are contracting, but I think it comes back again to how we thought about this business. And remember we said this before that when we launched it, we launched in a way that we were able to get a return of and on our invested capital. The fact we have done that puts us in a much different position to other people that are in the space today. Because we have... there is no urgency for us to go out and do something, but we give away capacity. So, we are sitting here with full contracts at Cameron. And in total, we are getting about a 9% on lever return on that investment. We are now looking at what's happening upstream with new LNG supplies and we see them coming on stream, but let me have Neal talk about exactly what we are doing.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I don't know what else has to be commented [ph]. Just to say that we are actively talking to a lot of people in the industry about how capacities will be at the Cameron. And I think, the key point is that our fundamental view of the LNG markets really hasn't changed that much. It's absolutely true that there has been a little bit of slowdown, because these plants have taken longer to come of stream, but over the lifetime of this facilities, we think the economics are going to do as basically as we they were original.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Very nice.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the thing that we see Lasan is that gives us encouragement is that the liquefaction coming on stream that is currently either finishing up construction are going to start up testing right now is going to increase the world's LNG supply by about 50% towards the end of next year. This bodes well, because a lot of this gas will be looking for a home.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Right.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And so we believe that we have... our terminal in Cameron and we look at as location, access to pipeline, access to storage. We think it's probably one of the better terminals in that region.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I agree. One last question if I may. What's the status of progress of Rockies Express Northeast?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Remember, when we launched Rockies, it was driven by producers. Any expansion off of Rockies going into the further east is going to going to be driven by the marketplace. And we have a very cost effective pipe solution. Our competitors have a smaller pipe, and I think it's going to depend on what the market wants. If they want a bigger pipe solution, there is no doubt that we with the pipe that we have and the partner that we have can come with that solution. But we are still waiting for the market to decide what it wants.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Understood. Thank you.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Goldenberg with Luminous Management.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Good afternoon, gentlemen.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi, Michael.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Excellent results, I wanted to ask to questions; first of all, just one of the gain, a better understanding for the increase some guidance; Is it any specific unit that is performing stronger than expected or is it just overall?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well,I'm going to have... I'll have Mark Snell give you some more detail. But we sat down, Michael, a week or two ago and just kind of took a look at all of our businesses. And when we look at the fact, when we started this year, we had a lot of uncertainty. We didn't have the RBS transaction done. We didn't have our LNG terminal in operation, Rockies West wasn't flowing gas, our utilities were waiting on the outcome of the rate case. We now have got closure on almost all of those items. So when you look across the board, we see improved financial results, so we see uncertainties being eliminated and pipelines in our LNG business and our utility business and our commodities business. And it was the combination of all those things that caused us to take a look at our ongoing outlook for these businesses and increased guidance.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: If I look at March 27 presentation from this year, and you had the detailed break down of 2008 outlook. Any specific numbers you can assign that have been moved up and by how much?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: This is Mark Snell.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Michael, I would say just generally speaking the commodity, the utilities are operating at more towards the high end of their original guidance.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Okay.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We took that into consideration. The JV is performing better than we expected early out of the box. And so we took that into consideration. And most all of our other business units are you know kind of right where we thought they would be. Actually generations is moving a little bit ahead of where we thought they would be. So, just it seems like everything was firing on all cylinders and it may tends to go ahead and make some adjustments.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: And specifically on utilities and generation, would you feel comfortable saying that the strength you are seeing in 2008 should carry over into 2009 and beyond?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, certainly in the utilities because the strength that we are seeing doesn't reflect yet the new revenues that we are going to get from the rate case. So we definitely think that, that business is going to continue on with strong performance. The generation business, some of that is a little more specific to commodity pricing and things of the particular time. But we think certainly the bulk of our income there comes from the DWR contract. And so we'll have that next year into '09 and '010.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Got you. Excellent. And just one more follow-up, specifically on the power and gas units of the trading business that have performed particularly well. I understand you are... you have your hands tied a little less to what you can say. But was it kind of directional bets, was it increased customer flow, was it long, short position? Can you provide more color as to what specifically on gas and power made you so much money this quarter?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Generallyspeaking, it's all of those and none of those. I mean we had definitely more deal flow from the bank which is what we expected. We had... because we had a rapid increase in commodity prices in the first quarter and with volatility kind of staying at historical percentage averages but those percentages translated into bigger dollars. Because of that volatility we were able to take advantage of that. And so generally speaking, we had a very good quarter.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Okay. This may be a little premature but we all know that in Q3 some of the commodities have retreated. Just wonder, would you be able to make us feel comfortable that Q3 is still kind of... nothing has happened to make you worry about Q3 or Q4?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say this, I would say that we had a really good second quarter in commodities. We did not anticipate that continuing through the end of the year, at that same pace. And so we took that as a consideration when we raised guidance.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Understandable. Excellent, thank you very much. Congratulations again.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Faisel.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Hi. On the commodity deals that you guys were talking about that you couldn't do last year but now you can do. Would the deals that you are now able to do, are those deals that would extend the maturity of the trade book that you guys have with RBS?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me have Mark Snell addressed that.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Faisel, some of them are longer term that, what we would have dealt with in the past. And one of the primary reasons that we liked this transaction was that the bank afforded us the liquidity to be able to enter into some longer term transactions. Most of them are probably in the neighborhood of four years and five year kind of deals because that's typically how long the banks... they're lending money to a company on let's say 5-year maturity for a bank lending operation and we're hedging against that.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Got you.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Neal,Mark and I attended the first Board meeting of this joint venture a couple of months ago. And I was laughing at David Messer who runs the business now, because he said that RBS had been dragging around the world on an airplane, introducing to us all their customers. And so when we talked about the fact that we've got 50 large deals in the pipeline, these are really deals that RBS is introducing Sempra Commodities too as a new arrow in their quiver they didn't have before. So they are out there making sure that their customers are aware that they now have this commodity hedging opportunity.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Got you.Okay. If I am looking at the way you get down to the equity earnings from that business, the U.S. GAAP conversion impact, the distributable income that's an IFRS basis, is that kind of similar to what you guys reported previously on kind of the real earnings?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's essentially a mark-to-market number. The IFRS number doesn't have the EITF adjustments. The bottom line is under IFRS we are allowed to mark our inventories that we use in hedging transactions. And, we are allowed to mark our pipeline of storage capacity to market. And that's really the big differences.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Got you. That makes sense. On the RECs, previously Sempra Commodities had contracted for capacity on RECs, where does that capacity sit within the firm?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It actually... it's reported the results of it we report in the commodities business.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Inthe commodities segment we've actually managed here in San Diego.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Got you. And the full economic benefit though is still split between you and RBS?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, it's not. It accrues the full economic benefit of that capacity, accrues 100% to Sempra. But we thought that because it is closest related in... its source is closest related to trading type of activity that we reported with commodities but we actually manage it here and it's not shared.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: If the differential between the Rockies and say the Ohio region is much wider than your tariff, that in theory that would be an economic benefit --
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's absolutely right.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Got you. Then on the EnergySouth deal, was that a competitive transaction or was that something you guys think that --
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That was competitive.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And on the Sunrise transmission line, you are saying now you are looking at approval for the entire line by year end Or when is the environment approval slated to be completed by?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me ask Debra Reed just to give everybody an update and I know it's on a lot of your minds.
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Financial Officer for Sempra Energy Utilities: The Sunrise Power Link, we are looking at approval in the fourth quarter of this year. And that it would be in service in 2011 if we received approval then. As you recall, we have had numerous hearings on this line. And we are in the process now of getting the final EIR/EIS to come out and that's supposed to be scheduled on October 13. Then the ALJ proposed decision is supposed to come out about a week later. And the first opportunity for the commission to vote is about November 21st, that's what we will be looking at.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And what's the estimate of the project cost on that line?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Financial Officer for Sempra Energy Utilities: Well, the estimated cost is about $1.5 billion without mitigation. And so whatever the CPC might order in mitigation may change that costs, that are estimated about $1.5 billion.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Have you guys made any preparations for major component costs in that line?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Financial Officer for Sempra Energy Utilities: We have had discussions with contractors, but until we get the line approved, we aren't going to be doing any hedging. So we are looking at... we did redo our estimate most recently and filed that. We filed an update but these costs are updated costs based upon those estimates.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Understood. Thanks for the time guys.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Faisel.
Operator: We'll take our net question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: How you doing?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good. Thanks.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I am ifI missed this but it looks like the data you used to provide on the commodities business regarding the realization of the mark-to-market and al that stuff. I can't find it, is it somewhere in the appendix or something or --
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Are you talking about tenure of the contracts?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Yes, the time that they become realize and turn into cash, it looks like this... at least I was unable to find it on this... evenly find it on the news release?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Because it's not there.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Are you guys as... now as a result of the joint venture, not going to be providing this information?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And that because I guess, RBS is the one of provider or...
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are providing everything that RBS is providing.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. As far as the distributable cash, was it distributed to you guys or it is still at the...
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'll ask Mark Snell on that.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The distributable cash represents the amount of cash that will be distributed at the end of the year. We... during the year the that we get distributions for... what our tax obligations are related to those... related to the earnings. And then at the end of the year, we distribute the rest of the cash to us.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Just back to the disclosure, will the 10-Q have this? Or is this something that you guys aren't going to be... because of the deal you're not going to provide any more?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Because this is now an equity investment we are still talking with RBS about what kind of disclosures we are going to make. This is our first attempt here to give people what we think they need to sort of model the business adequately. And so we have a fairly good breakdown of how the JV income is allocated between the partners. And we also have provided some... the information on geographic and product sales. But we aren't going to give the tenure of the book or the bars any longer.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Well I thought you guys did a great job with that. And I will miss it. I guess I understand you guys have a JV now and it's a little different.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What we are trying to do provide the information that we think will help you guys have insight into our business and to be able to model it. We think we are giving you that information. And if we hear a lot otherwise, we will address it in the future. But, I mean, we have to be cognizant of the fact, we have a majority partner who doesn't give out that kind of detailed information even on the bank. And so we have to appreciate that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I appreciate it. Thanks guys.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Lapides, Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hi, guys. Can you summarize the changes in your long-term capital spending plan that have occurred since your Analyst Day Meeting? Meaning the solar is the good example, obviously EnergySouth is a good example. I don't know if I'm missing anything else.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, as I look at our capital spending we gave you guidance that we're going to spend about $2.1 billion this year. And then over the remaining for years I think we are averaging about $2.3 billion or $2.4 billion a year. We are not changing that. This transaction we did for EnergySouth will in essence still avoid that we have because we are not doing Contextion [ph]. And when we look at the solar program being done by our utility, we have some other unidentified projects where we had placed all the dollars for. I think in general, we are comfortable with the numbers that we gave you several months ago. And when we take a look at the end of this year and provide guidance for next year and beyond, we will update that as we've progressed on those smartmeters of SoCalGas and any other thing that we see that it's going to come to fruition.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Michael, it's Mark Snell. Let me just make one other comment too. One thing that might be throwing your numbers off a little bit in that spending is, we redeemed $400 million of industrial development bond during that sort of auction rate note debacle that all of the companies were going through. So, we redeemed those bonds and we are reissuing some more types of bonds later on this year. So that will be kind of in and out but it may be throwing your number off because it's $400 million.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Gotit. One other question, I think little bit unrelated but thinking about it Sempra Generation opportunities for solar development. Can you talk a little bit about kind of what you think is possible in terms of megawatts over the next four or five years? And second, what types of contracts would you be seeking?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Neal, do you want to talk about this?
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Sempra Generation is actively involved in developing solar projects next to their facilities in Nevada and in Arizona. They have announced that they're going to have a 10 megawatts facility online later this year in Nevada. We have acquired land and we should have the capacity ability from the land standpoint to add several hundred megawatts of solar capacity around the Nevada facility and in Arizona over time. And in terms of contracting, the intent is to fit into the various RFPs that the utilities have, all the utilities in the region have.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay but you are making this decision on the first 10 megawatts to build without having actually having a contract on the other side. Is this just kind of like a test run?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. We just decided to build that facility and go ahead with it. We are confident that we will be able to sell the output.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: I think the way to look at this is we have a technology that we are looking at that we think longer term is going to be the technology from a solar perspective that is going to be the generation of choice. We want to go ahead and get some experience on what it costs to build these. How they operate and so this $40 million, 10 megawatt announcement we have, based on how the construction goes, how they actually operate will set the stage on what we do next year and beyond in terms of looking at bidding this stuff on a larger scale into the Southwest region.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it, thank you guys, congrats on the good quarter.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Samuel Brothwell with Wachovia.
Samuel Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hi, Couple of quick ones. Just to be clear on the guidance as you updated '08 with respect to commodities. Did that include the gain on the transactional gain net of the losses?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sam, it did. Let me have Mark give some more color?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes Sam, it's Mark. It did. I would think about it this way. As our operational earnings for the quarter were kind of right at our results of the $0.98 the gain on the commodities sale was offset by some litigation reserves and taxes that we took with respect to commodities and also the Mexican tax piece that hit our pipeline business and LNG business. And those are kind of one-time unusual things. But if you take those out of it, operationally we were right at about where we were for the quarter. And given that plus the improvement at the utilities, the retroactive adjustment of the rate case and how we were performing at commodities and the other business units, we made a judgment of where we thought we would end up at the end of the year. So, that's why we increased the guidance.
Samuel Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: Got You. I forgot my other question. I will jump back in the queue. Sorry.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: We will take our next question from Becca Followill with Tudor Pickering Holt.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt: Hello folks. First question on EnergySouth, the range that you have is basically breakeven on in 2009 and up $0.30 what determines that... was it return [ph] how that would play out? I know it's a time in the development of storage but, how much more just kind of what progression you guys are looking at?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Beccafor 2009 remember, we don't close this transaction until November maybe December. So, there is not a whole lot that's in here for the rest of this year. When we look at what this business will generate over time it really gets down to what the value of storage is. And we've made some assumptions that when you look at storage costs that are in the range of $0.30 to $0.40 that we think this business can generate, about on the high end, about $0.30 of net income in 2012.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt: So that by 2012 how much storage would have to be developed to get to that?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's building out essentially all the storage we have that is identified. I don't know if it's in your chart or not.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt: It's got 27Bs by 2011 for Bay Gas, but Mississippi Hub is upto 30 by 2015, so how much of the Mississippi Hub would be developed?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Ofthe 57 we are acquiring about 40 of it, or about 40 Bcf of new storage in operation in 2012.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt: And what determines whether or not you develop a just demand?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean it's like everything else we do. We will lay out a plan for that area, we will go out and talk to customers. And if we can enough contracts signed up for the right price to launch we will, and so this would be no different. We are seeing very strong interest right now. As you notice that we already have about 20Bs contracted. So we are seeing strong interest in the marketplace to develop more. We will actually get contracts in place for the majority of that before we launch the next increment.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt: Great, thank you. And then on the commodities business, you said that you have 50 large deals pending, from your reference, what was this like a year ago at this time? How many large deals did you have pending and --?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The types of deals that we are talking about here are really deals where RBS is providing financing, and the customer is looking for some way to hedge the output of that... the solar that's being financed, we really weren't doing any of these deals.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay. So all this is incremental. And then for going forward you guys have three months under your belt with the JV. What you guys have seen so far in July... it's tremendous performance for just three months under a JV. Are you seeing continued momentum going into July and August?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: One month or three months don't make a business. Markets are fairly volatile. And we do have confidence looking through the rest of this year that, to give us enough comfort to make a change to our guidance that coupled with other businesses, I just wouldn't forecast what we plan to see in terms of what the commodity markets will give us.
Rebecca Followill - Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay. Thank you.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Becca.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Asher Khan [ph] with SAC Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon, congrats. I had a question on the rate case, if you can. You mentioned on the slide that $42 million earnings benefit related to the first half of 2008. Can we multiply that number by two and say the benefit for the year would be 84?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Could but you would be wrong.
Unidentified Analyst: Could you tell us what's happening in the second half?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Asher, let me have Debbie just kind of walk you through how to think about that.
Unidentified Analyst: And Debbie, if you could also, because now it's a final decision, could you hope you can elaborate what the rate case means additional earnings for the next three years also based on the decision?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Financial Officer for Sempra Energy Utilities: Well, Asher, let me try to address your first question which was the 42. The 42 reflects the adjustment for the first half of the year. We will have additional revenues of $209 million split between the two utilities. But of course, we do have additional costs, and we have been operating under our 2007 authorized margin is what we were recording for the first half of the year. That we would... we have looked, as Mark has said, at what we would expect for the remainder of the year. We had a very strong first half and we do believe that we would be at the high end of our range, as a result of the rate case decision and how we are managing the business. We don't forecast now for the next two to three years. We will be... when we do the analyst meeting next year we will be revising all of our forecasts at that time.
Unidentified Analyst: You would have some sense, I guess, to additional earnings the next one, two, three years under the rate case. So you are saying the utility... you will go through the process of revision by spring of next year, though the numbers are going to be higher. Is that a fair conclusion?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Financial Officer for Sempra Energy Utilities: Yes. We have laid out... we laid out for you our plan in the analyst meeting and showed that plan reflected the settlement in the rate case and what we would anticipate that. That we will look at that again as we do every year and make any revisions that are necessary but that plan as we showed you back in the spring reflected the settlement in our rate case.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Asher.
Operator: We have a follow up question from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Don, it strikes me as being self evident that the best use of your new storage assets from EnergySouth will come through the Sempra Commodities business. But since that is now a majority owned by somebody else, how do you structure the integration and the benefits from the two coming together?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, obviously Sempra Commodities... Sempra-RBS Commodities will have access to the storage like any other third party would. And the --
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Do youcharge the JV a fixed fee for utilizing the space like you and any other third party --
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Remember we have partners in these projects. So we can't do anything that is favorable to our own affiliate.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay I understand that. Don, it seems to me also that given the current credit situation that having done a lot of transactions in the private equity for generation that there might be some potentially opportunistic acquisition scenarios developing, would that be a fair statement?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's a standard answer. I always give you Lasan that we are always looking at opportunities where we think we can either do something at attractive price or will bring some strategic value to something that we look at buying or building.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: But has the environment changed to favor with that kind of analysis?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say so. I mean we've... you look at there are fewer people in the marketplace today, there are fewer people they can do deals and so being financially strong as we are I think that if we saw deal that we wanted to do that I'd have more confidence we can get it done.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And lastly, conservation; are you seeing any evidence of that in your utilities?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Debbie would address that.
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Financial Officer for Sempra Energy Utilities: And actually on the electric side, we are continuing to see peak low growth of about 1.5% to 2% per year and sales growth of about 1.5% through year on an 12 months running average. So, we are not seeing much in that regard at all.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: What about the gas side, the gas and electric?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Financial Officer for Sempra Energy Utilities: On theSoCalGas side, we are seeing about 0.8% growth and customers about 45,000 meters, and our consumption is level there, and it's pretty level there for several years.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Interesting, thank you.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Lasan.
Operator: We will take our next question from Annie Tsao with AllianceBernstein.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Good afternoon. Just wondering in terms in your commodity sector, power and gas, can you give a little bit of color in this quarter? Do you see the liquidity come down because of the financial player being pulled down, because we heard from a lot of other sources?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Your question is, was there less liquidity in the market, because there is fewer players in gas and power sector?
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Yes.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't believe we have seen that. Mark, do you have any?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I think... generally speaking through the second quarter, I think the amount of liquidity and activity was pretty good. We had a fairly rapidly rising commodity market, and I think there was... again, we tend to deal more in physical and the physical side of the business, and that hasn't been affected as much by some of the financial players dropping out. But how that continues on, we will wait and see.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: And on the share repurchase program, should we assume this about $200 million left for the rest of the year?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: How many millions left?
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: About $200 million.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I don't...
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Is it from your $1 billion to $1 billion?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: What we did? We did an accelerated share repurchase program as you remember, and we committed to buy $1 billion dollars worth of stock back this year. We have been delivered about 15 million shares so far. That was early on and now we are just... they're wrapping that program up. And it will wrap up in the fourth quarter. We will bring in a $1 billion worth this year.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Okay. And lastly does this Sempra Utility, you have about $4 million benefit from the San Diego Gas & Electric from lower tax rate? What kind of tax rate we should assume going forward?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Joe Householder, would you take that?
Joseph A. Householder - Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer: Sure. Going forward for the year for SDG&E, the tax rate for 2008 about 36%.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Okay, all right. Last... I do have one more question. CapEx; do you have any changes since the last time?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think I said that earlier; if you missed it, that we expect of CapEx to kind of be what we have forecasted for the year.
Annie Tsao - AllianceBernstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Just curious, the Supreme Court came back on the western contracts issue, and looks like the remanded some issues back to the FERC and upto Mobile-Sierra, is there is sort of impact to you guys over the next 6 to 12 months in terms of...
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Faisel,I don't. We actually thought that decision was right in line with what we thought that the Supreme Court would do. It's been remanded back to the FERC and it's going to take its time work through that process, but don't expect any change this year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Worms with BMO Capital.
Michael Worms - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you very much. Can you just go over for me what the tax change was at the utility company in the quarter?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Michael, you are fading out. Could you...
Michael Worms - BMO Capital Markets: Sorry, can you hear me for now?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Michael Worms - BMO Capital Markets: Just wondering what the lower tax rate was at the utility company what drilled that and what drilled the tax rate be going forward to rest of the year.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What drilled the lower tax rate at the utility?
Michael Worms - BMO Capital Markets: Yes.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Joe Householder, again.
Joseph A. Householder - Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer: Hi, what was really driving it in the quarter is we have additional software expense, which flows right through to the rates. We get immediately deducted in that actually flows rate through the rate in the rate making.
Michael Worms - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So we will... it will just continue throughout rest of the year?
Joseph A. Householder - Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer: Yes, that's the projection for the year, and it's actually driving effective rate down for the year it's blended in.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So, the 36% is for the entire year.
Michael Worms - BMO Capital Markets: Okay,fair enough. And then on the at the commodities level, can you just go over that second bullet on slide 5, the $67 million gain? What was driving that or what drove that? And then what was offset was on the litigation impact matters?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'vegrabbed the slide here, so slide five commodities?
Michael Worms - BMO Capital Markets: Yes.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Mark Snell.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Maybe there is some surprise, because we have basically signaled that we sold the business or half of the business to RBS at book. And so maybe the fact that we are having a gain surprises some people. But I think generally speaking we did sell it at book and for the most part since we mark-to-market all of the assets on a daily basis or most of the assets, you would expect there to be fairly little gain. But there were some assets that under U.S. GAAP we couldn't mark-to-market and the purchase agreement allowed us to mark those assets to market, especially under IFRS. That was primarily transportation, inventories, and storage that we owned. And so we did mark that to market and we were able to realize the benefit for that. Now the full benefit, the full gain on those types of things we only recognized half of it, because we continued to own half of the business. So that we didn't really recognize the full gain on that, but we recognized half of it. And then there was some other items too that things like they are building in some other assets that we mark-to-market. So, that was really the differences. It didn't amount to that much, but it was significant.
Michael Worms - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And can you talk a little bit about the litigation and tax matters, what was that?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, litigation was just additional reserve that we took on litigation that we indemnified identified our RBS for and those related to things around the California energy crisis that involved trading. We had some reserves on the books already. And we just pumped those up as part of the close. And then the other things were the tax matters was... it was a UK expense, we lost the case in the UK equivalent of the tax course, and so we made an accrual for that.
Michael Worms - BMO Capital Markets: And one final question, thank you. The U.S. GAAP conversion impact, you said, will go away over time. Can you kind of quantify time?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are hoping that by the end of this year we'll have no weighted all of the significant agreements over to the bank. And it's a little complex, but let me just take a stab at simplifying it. As we move all of these contracts to the bank, the bank will pay us the fee for managing exactly equal to the IFRS or the international accounting standards profit on those contracts and that will eliminate the GAAP adjustments.
Michael Worms - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Elvira Scotto with Banc of America Securities.
Elvira Scotto - Banc of America Securities: Just one quick follow up on the Rockies Express; just on the cost side. The $5.6 billion the total costs; is that... you think that's a good number now or is there still potential for that to move higher? Is there anything kind of outstanding and how should we think about that?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The project team, led by Kinder, went through this about a month or a month and a half ago, revised all the numbers up. There is always the uncertainty. We had quite a few conditions from the FERC that we are going to meet. And as we look at those environmental conditions and the routing decisions, there is always the chance that the cost could change. But we think the $5.6 billion with what we know today is a good number.
Elvira Scotto - Banc of America Securities: Okay, great. Everything else I had has been answered. Thank you.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Manuel Garcia with Banc of America Securities. Yes, we'll go back to Sam Brothwell with Wachovia.
Samuel Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: Yes, I'm sorry. You had mentioned some charges in the LNG segment that appeared close to the formation of the JV. What... can you elaborate on that how we should think about it?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sam,I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you very well; you have faded out. Could you just... if you're little closer to the phone and speak.
Samuel Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: I'm sorry; you mentioned some charges in the LNG segment that seem to crop up post formation of the commodities JV. Could you elaborate on that and how we should think about it?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I'm not sure exact... maybe there is a little bit of misunderstanding. We had some charges on the LNG segment related to the Mexican taxes and what those are we have U.S. dollar denominated that in Mexico. And under the Mexican tax law, if the Peso appreciates, the amount of Pesos required to pay down that debt is reduced, and therefore we have a gain and we pay tax on gain. So as the peso strengthens against the dollar, we have a tax expense based on the fact that it takes less pesos to pay the debt. It has nothing to do with the JV.
Samuel Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: I thought I heard you say something about the JV, my apologies.
Joseph A. Householder - Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer: This is Joe Householder. Sam, I think what you are talking about is also in the LNG business, there was a loss, $12 million due to the contracts that LNG has with RBS Sempra Commodities. It's a mark-to-market contract on the sale of the natural gas. And so that's in there every quarter. There is a mark-to-market, and gas prices went up, there is a loss.
Samuel Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: And that's just something in the prior structure that would have just netted out.
Joseph A. Householder - Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer: This would have eliminated; company wise, it doesn't eliminate now. But it's been there every quarter. That one we don't really consider or not... that's going to be there as gas price goes up and down, it will be a gain sometimes and a loss sometimes. It's non-cash, and it will all turnaround as we start to sell the product. It's just basically represents a part of the marketing fee.
Samuel Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: Got it. I appreciate your patience.
Joseph A. Householder - Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer: Okay.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We have no additional questions at this time, and I'd like to turn the call back to Don Felsinger for any additional or closing comments.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, once again thanks to all of you for joining us for the second quarter 2008 call. If you have any follow-up questions, you know how to get a hold of Jeff, Glen, or Scott. Thanks, have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank everyone for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey W. Martin - VP of IR Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and CEO Mark A. Snell - EVP and CFO Neal E. Schmale - President and COO Debra L. Reed - President and CEO of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.
Analysts: John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Samuel Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Patrick Forkin - Tejas Security Peter Hark - Talon Capital Faisel Khan - Citigroup
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2007 Financial Results Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Martin. Please go ahead sir.
Jeffrey W. Martin - Vice President of Investor Relations: Good afternoon. I would like to thank you for joining us to discuss Sempra Energy's 2007 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investor section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team, including Don Felsinger, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neal Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Debbie Reed, President and CEO of Sempra Utilities, and Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller. You will note that slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. I would like to remind you that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical facts, and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that future results may differ materially from those expressed on our call. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are described at the bottom of today's press release and are further discussed in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, it's also important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation today are shown on a diluted basis. Finally, I want to mention that we are hosting our Analyst Conference on March 27 this year. Because we are holding it in New York City, there has been a lot of interest and we are hopeful that you will each make time to join us. And with that, I'd now like to turn it over to Don who will begin with slide 3.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jeff, and thanks to each of you for joining us. Here is how I would like to proceed with today's call. Mark Snell and I will start with the financial results, and I will update you on the status of our key business activities, and finally we will close with any questions that you may have. Before turning the call over to Mark, I'd like to mention how pleased I am with the strength of our financial results. All of our operating businesses performed well for the quarter and for the full year. In fact, 2007 was a record year for income from continuing operations, all in all, a very good year and a great foundation for our future growth. Based on our outlook for the remainder of this year, we are reaffirming our previously announced 2008 earnings guidance of $3.65 to $3.85 per share. This guidance reflects the closing of the Royal Bank of Scotland transaction and our reduced ownership in Sempra Commodities and the positive impact of our planned share repurchase program. And with that, I am going to ask Mark to take you through the financial results in more detail.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Don. Well, earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter income from continuing operations of $288 million or $1.10 per share. Fourth quarter 2006 income from continuing operations was $129 million or $0.49 per share. This included $221 million for the impairment of our Argentine assets. Net income for the fourth quarter was $289 million or $1.10 per share compared with net income in the prior year quarter of $125 million or $0.47 per share. Income from continuing operations increased to a record $1.13 billion or $4.26 per share for the full year 2007. That's up from $1.09 billion or $4.17 per share in 2006. Last year's results included $204 million in gains on asset sales and the Argentine write-down. Now let's review the financial results for each of our business units. I'll start with Sempra Utilities on slide 4. Sempra Utilities reported fourth quarter net income of $105 million, compared with the $110 million in the year ago period. San Diego Gas & Electric's net income for the fourth quarter was $47 million, that compares with $55 million in the year ago quarter, primarily due to lower taxes in 2006. At Southern California Gas, fourth quarter 2007 net income was $58 million. That compares with $55 million in the prior year's quarter. For the full year 2007, Sempra Utilities reported net income of $513 million, a 12% increase over the $460 million posted in 06. Net income for SDG&E rose to $283 million in 2007 from $237 million in 2006. That was due primarily to favorable resolution of tax issues, together with higher electric transmission and generation earnings. 2000 (sic) [2007] net income for SoCalGas increased to $230 million from $223 million in 2006, due primarily to higher operating margins. Now let's go to slide 5. Sempra Commodities reported fourth quarter net income of $186 million in 2007, compared with $214 in the prior year's quarter. This is primarily due to reduced earnings from our natural gas and synthetic fuel tax credit operations. For the full year 2007, Sempra Commodities recorded net income of $499 million compared with 2006 earnings of $504 million. And with that, I'll also bring you a short update on our planned joint venture with RBS. We plan to close the transaction by April depending on the timing of our last regulatory approval. You'll recall that the transaction was approved by the FERC and the UK's Financial Services Authority last call, and we're now awaiting approval from the Federal Reserve Board which we expect in March. At this point, we don't envision any material issues and we believe we will receive Federal approval as previously mentioned by the end of the quarter. While we and RBS are disappointed that the approval process has taken longer than anticipated, there certainly has been some other significant issues in the financial markets that has taken up a lot of the regulators' time and attention. One change I would like to mention is that the amount of regulatory capital or equity of the commodities business required has increased over our original estimates. The change, this is driven by significant increases in commodity prices since the deal was first announced and recent changes in banking regulations. Considering this and the 15% preferred returns dictated by the partnership agreement, we requested and the partners agreed to increase our investment. As currently contemplated, Sempra will now invest $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion at closing. This increase from $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion that we had originally contemplated, does not affect any other aspects of the transaction nor will it affect our planned stock buyback or dividend increase. And with respect to those, post closing we begin the first $1 billion of our $1.5 billion to $2 billion share repurchase program and again will raise our dividend. Earlier this month we raised our quarterly dividend 3.2% to $0.32 per share and we expect to increase the quarterly dividend the second time to $0.35 a share once we close the transaction. This will reflect the 35% to 40% payout ratio at an annual rate of $1.40 per share. Now we will move onto slide 6. Fourth quarter net income for our generation business was $40 million compared with $53 million in the same quarter in 2006, due primarily to a 3 month outage of the company's El Dorado Energy plant in Nevada and higher taxes. The El Dorado plant was placed back in service on January 7th of this year. For the full year 2007, net income for Sempra Generation was $162 million compared with $375 million in 2006, which included $204 million related to the sale of the Topaz Power plant. Now please move to slide 7. In the fourth quarter, 2007 Sempra Pipelines & Storage reported net income of $14 million compared with a net loss of $223 million in the same period in 2006. Fourth quarter 2006 results included a $221 million write-down on the company's Argentine Utility investments, together with $24 million in taxes on repatriated foreign earnings. For the full year of 2007, net income was $64 million compared with net loss of $165 million in 2006. The prior year results included the previously mentioned write-down and taxes on repatriation offset by $10 million from the favorable resolution of prior year tax issues. Please turn to slide 8. This slide provides the summary of our business unit results, and I'll highlight a few points and I will start with our LNG business. Sempra LNG recorded a net loss of $19 million in the fourth quarter of '07, that's compared with a net loss of $7 million in the prior year. The increase was due primarily to a mark-to-market loss on a marketing agreement with Sempra Commodities where this loss was offset by a corresponding gain. Parent and other reported a net loss of $38 million in the fourth quarter of 2007, compared with a net loss of $18 million in the fourth quarter of 2006, primarily due to increased charitable contributions and income taxes. Please turn to slide 9. We are very pleased with our 2007 results. Income from continuing operations set a new record for the company and our financial results were bolstered by strong earnings from our California Utilities and Sempra Commodities. Second, we continue to have a strong balance sheet, ample liquidity with over $650 million of cash on hand and $5 billion in unused credit line. We also finished the year with a debt-to-total cap ratio of 39%, a 3% drop from 2006. That's noteworthy, because as we close the RBS transaction, we've made the commitment to restructure our balance sheet by repurchasing shares and increasing the dividend, both of which will directly benefit shareholders. Now I would like to turn it back to Don, with slide 10.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mark. Let me start with a short business update beginning with our utilities. In December, SDG&A received a final decision on its cost of capital proceeding which increased its authorized return on equity to 11.1% from 10.7%. This increase was effective on January 1st. You will also recall that last year the FERC increased our authorized return on equity on transmission assets to 11.35%. In regard to our general rate cases for SDG&E and SoCalGas, we reached settlements on major aspects of those proceedings. We now expect a final decision from the California Public Utilities Commission in the second quarter of this year, and we have filed for rates to be retroactive to January 1st of this year. In November, SDG&E's purchase of Sempra Generation's El Dorado power plant was approved by the CPUC. The purchase will be effective in late 2011. As for the Sunrise Powerlink 500 KV transmission project, we received a draft environmental impact study last month which is an important project milestone. We expect a final decision on the project in the second half of this year which would result in the line being placed into service in 2011. Now let me update you on our LNG business on slide 11. Our Energía Costa Azul terminal will begin operations in the second quarter. While the revised start date is a couple of month later than expected, the net income impact of this delay is negligible. As you would expect, there is lot of excitement about placing into service the first LNG receipt terminal on the West Coast of North America. We secured initial test cargos for the commissioning and completed the connecting pipeline. At the end of 2007, we also finalized an agreement to develop the $125 million nitrogen injection facility at the terminal. As many of you know, California has adopted some of the most stringent gas quality specifications in the country. This new nitrogen facility will allow gas from the expanded number of sources around the world to meet these more stringent specifications. Recently an affirmation of our LNG strategy was reiterated by FERC Chairman, Kelliher, who forecasted that the U.S. will become the largest LNG importer by 2011, due to heating and natural gas fuel generation growth. Chairman, Kelliher also said that our Energía Costa Azul project is very important because with its commissioning, the U.S. will be the only LNG importer with ready access to both the Atlantic and Pacific markets. This will make the U.S. market increasingly attractive to LNG importers. In Louisiana, our Cameron receipt facility is 75% complete. This project remains on track for operations in early 2009 and we are still focused on contracting the remainder of capacity at Cameron. Now let's move to slide 12, for an update on pipelines and storage and the Rockies Express pipeline project. A major milestone occurred in January when we began interim service on the 500 mile segment of the Rockies Express west portion of the pipeline that runs from Colorado to Kansas. We expect the entire 700 mile western portion of the pipeline which ends in Missouri to be in full service next month. As for Rockies Express East, we are continuing to work closely with the FERC on permitting and expect to receive approval sometime in the spring. This will enable us to start construction in early summer and need a December 2008 interim service date. The total cost of the Rockies Express pipeline is now estimated to be $4.9 billion, an increase of $500 million from the original estimate. Sempra Energy's 25% share of the overall project cost is roughly $1.2 billion. As many of you know, there continues to be a lot of interest in a follow on project to the Rockies Express Pipeline that would deliver natural gas to markets further east. Late last year, we completed an open season for the Northeast Express Pipeline project that would extend service from Clarington, Ohio to Princeton, New Jersey. We are now negotiating with interested parties for firm contracts with a view towards making a final decision on the project sometime in the next quarter. Please turn now to slide 13. In summary, here is a couple of key highlights. First, all of our businesses units have performed well. 2007 saw record income from continuing operations, driven in large part by a strong year from our California utilities and our commodities business. In addition, we have some important milestones taking place this year. The closing of our joint venture with RBS, the conclusion of our general rate cases, REX-West is now flowing gas, we are commissioning our Costa Azul receipt facility in the second quarter and we have several more major projects coming online this year, an exciting time as many of our projects and activities move into the operations and earnings phase. With that, our outlook for 2008 has a lot of certainty and we reaffirm our earnings guidance with a range of $3.65 to $3.85 per share. In 2009, we will be seeing the first full year of operations for many of the projects I just discussed, and that will be reflected in significantly stronger earnings growth in the future. We'll get into the detail behind that growth at our Analyst Conference coming up in March. And with that, let me now open up the call and take any questions that you might have. Question And Answer
Operator: : Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from John Kiani with Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: I know you made some comments earlier on in your discussion about the RBS commodities joint venture. Can you talk a little about any... did you had any recent discussion with RBS or with the U.S. Fed?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me have Mark answer your question, but we are in contact with RBS almost on a daily basis and just to want to reaffirm to you that we expect this transaction to close here within a month.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: : Yes, John this is Mark, I think the transaction took a little longer to close than we had anticipated, but I don't think could have anticipated the kind of financial turmoil.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Right.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: : That the regulators have been at and you know I want to say that I think it's on... in my conversations with them, they are being diligent and they are really trying to get this done, trying to get the attention of all of the people that they need to get. It's been understandably difficult and I think this just took longer than they expected as well and so... but we are getting there and I think we'll... we expect to get that this month and we expect to close shortly thereafter. And as far as the conversations we have with RBS, they are meeting with us on a daily basis. We are working to integrate the two businesses and I think from the get go we're going to be ready to move forward.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks, that's helpful. And then can you talk a little bit about this gas-fired power plant that you have in early stage development in Maryland. I think I saw something for around 500 or 600 megawatts?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We had a site in Maryland for a number of years that we have not developed because the market hasn't given us the right price signals. And as we look at what's taking place right now on PJM and the fact that they've gone out for capacity payments in 2011. If in fact these capacity payments get approved by the FERC, which we think they will and we're able to deal with some local issues regarding taxes and get our construction cost at a point that they make sense to us, it's a project we will move forward with. But there is still a few open items, but it looks very positive from the standpoint of what we're seeing today.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: So just to be clear, it sounds like your expectation is that the new and higher corn prices are approved and therefore we might continue to see pretty robust PJM capacity pricing and specifically in the region in which you have sub region where you have the site and if that's the case, you very well may push forward with this development?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think as you watch construction cost for new combined cycle, we're seeing cost in a range now of $900 to $1000 of megawatt or KW. When we look at what's happening in PJM, is they need capacity and we think the prices that they have adopted and they sent to the FERC to get approved would in fact support new generation. We also think we have one of the few sites that's ready to be built upon and meet the 2011 date. So, once again, if the prices get approved by the FERC and we are able to get our construction cost estimates coming into the price range that supports our economics and deal one or two the minor issues, it's a project that in fact we will move forward with.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Don, first of all, congratulations on a good year, but more kind of looking out globally, I can't imagine you seeing back and saying to yourself, there are no acquisition opportunities on the horizon... or in the mixed today that you are looking out and I can probably give you three companies that might be of interest to you. How you kind of looking at the landscape today relative to the fact that you are throwing of enormous amount of free cash flow, or we expect to?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Lasan, thank you for the congratulations on the year. We are always looking at opportunities to buy assets or it may be assets or companies, we are no different than anyone else. But key thing that we have before us is to close the RBS transaction, so in fact that we can do a restructuring of our balance sheet and so that's primary on our focus and we are going to do that, and when we see a right opportunity come along that make sense for us in the space, we want to be in, we will be an active player.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Mark, you had mentioned that the capital infusion at the JV would probably have to increase by at least $100 million to $200 million it sounds like. Is that a physical cash injection or is that the amount of capital being returned would be reduced, how is that going to work?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I think they are one and the same, but let me make it clear that it's not something we have to do with, something that we know that we wanted to do may help us, it helps preserve our earnings and actually increases our earnings slightly because of the preferred return. It is... when these new regulations came out and with the high commodity pricing, the regulatory capital calculation was higher than what we had originally anticipated and we just sat down with our partners and worked out something that was equitable for both of us.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: So is it a cash infusion or is it a less cash return?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I guess it's less cash return. There's about 2 days difference between the two, so I am not sure it makes any difference.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. In terms of global liquefaction capacity, are you guys seeing any differently? It seems like this more announcements coming out about either for fraction capacity?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Neal, you want to address this?
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: I think generally our view of this market is pretty consistent with the way we have seen it. There's a lot of liquefaction capacity going to be coming on in the next few years and that will have an impact on the market. But generally, our view around this global market has been positive and it continues to be so.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And any kind of thoughts on what Schneier announced recently about strategic review?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Neal, follow on with that.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Just consistent with what I just said. I think we don't generally comment on other companies, but essentially Schneier announcement came out, we looked at the company and looked at what the market resource saying about Schneier. And I think once again in general terms, when you look at the long-term for energy and the long-term for LNG, market has a pretty good view of Schneier and I think it reflects very well on the access that we hold.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And if I may, one last question, there is lot of discussion going on about building a REX equivalent to the West; Ruby and Bronco would do that and think of. How is that going to impact REX, is there going to be enough capacity out of the Rockies to feed both sides of the equation.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Lasan, the reserve forecast we have... when we looked at building REX to the Eastern markets, there were adequate reserves there to support that project for 20 plus years and there have been reserve increases in the interim. So, no one would build a pipeline unless they felt comfortable about the reserves being there versus those which have been committed slightly, but yes, the reserves are in the Rockies to support a pipeline of project to the West.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: And why give them an opportunity to build and why don't you just take it away by building those spur on REX?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If the opportunity present itself for us to do that, we would. We are looking at all the options that are out there with gas flowing to the west and we have made no decisions.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Operator: Sir, your line is open.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Hi, can you hear me?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, sorry about that. Wanted to touch basically first on the timing between the Fed approval and the actual close? You mentioned that you probably are going to be I guess the approval would have in March and it should actually close it in April?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes that's right.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's Mark Snell.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I... assuming that we get the Fed approval in the next few weeks, we would... our plan is to close it on April 1. We have been looking at trying to close it on the first of the month and made it easier for some things, but we are also exploring the possibility of closing at mid month.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So it could happen earlier than April?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It could.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then in terms of Port Arthur, you guys I think have delayed due to the contracting situation there, the LNG development. And I was just wondering if you could sort of comment on that, what's your thoughts on in terms of the pricing environment that we are going to have to see in terms of the LNG outlook going forward in the U.S. the other market.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think we had a discussion in the last call, maybe the call before that as you are aware we have gone forward and seek the expansion approval for both Costa Azul and for Cameron. So we now have the ability without launching Port Arthur to increase the capacity in our Mexican facility up to about 2.5 Bcf a day and about 2.6 Bcf at Cameron. And what we have done is we have left ourselves from little room to look at how the upstream market develops and if it made more sense to expand one of our existing facilities for incremental supply or to launch a whole new facility. So, we are very well positioned, we can expand in Mexico, we can expand in Cameron or we have permit some place where we can move forward with Port Arthur. So, I think it really is a function of how quickly the liquefaction market develops and how robust the market is in the U.S. to support the new LNG supplies. That's at the end of the day, we have as much flexibility as anybody out there to take advantage of what happens or what doesn't happen.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right. So, I guess I am wondering when do you see that liquefaction market will show up and what kind of contracting are we looking at in terms of when we actually might see that development... that additional development to take place.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well let me just looking at the projects that are currently under construction, it looks like the water shed years are going be 2011 and later.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right. And the contracting, I mean you would expect that to sort of develop, when do you think there will be a picture on the contract?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would think that as most of these projects get 18 months or so away from completion, that I would expect that upstream suppliers would start making sure they have a place to unload this someplace, whether it be in North America, Asia or Europe.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then finally, the level of non-investment grade on the trading book, it seems to have increased again over the quarter. Just elaborate a little bit more on the activity that is happening here in driving that?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mark, do you want to take that?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. There really hasn't been... it's a relatively small difference and I think these are just things that happen from time-to-time. We really aren't noticing anything really different in our book of business, and frankly, if you are thinking that it might be a reflection of some of our customers being downgraded, that really hasn't happened yet with the majority of our customers. So I think from the most part, it's just a fluctuation that will probably correct itself over time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll go next to Sam Brothwell with Wachovia.
Samuel Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. My questions have been addressed.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Sam.
Operator: We'll go next to Winfried Fruehauf with Fruehauf Consulting.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Good morning. My first question is on the allowance for funds used in construction. What was that amount in the fourth quarter and the year versus 2006?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hang on just a second, Winfried.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Thank you.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I want to get you... I want to give you the right answer so.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Okay.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Winfried, why don't you go ahead and give me your second question and we'll --.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: All right. The second question relates to the large increase in short term debts year-over-year on your balance sheet to a little bit over $1 billion. What does that reflect and how you are going to refinance this large amount of short term debt?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That just reflects some of our current borrowings that we have taken down, one of those things that we have done is moved out of some of our commercial paper market and our and... notes that are long-term notes that re-price on a monthly basis we moved into more shorter term paper. But we have adequate, our credit lines if we don't end up going back into the bond market, we will just use our credit lines to finance that there are almost multiyear lines.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Okay. What is your current estimate of the final construction cost for Costa Azul, given the cost of the nitrogen facility and some delay? And if you could please tell me whether that includes or excludes an allowance for funds used in construction?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I want to give this to Neal.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, at Costa Azul, we estimate that the final cost will be about $975 million. Now that includes capitalized interest and it excludes the nitrogen plant of $125 million and some pre-expansion cost of around $66 million.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Okay. And next question is on Entrega, what was the net income contribution from Entrega in the fourth quarter?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In the fourth quarter of?
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: 2007, yes.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have that -- broken down?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we won't disclose that.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, if I had, I couldn't give it to you.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: All right, okay.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And I don't. Let's go back to your first question. This is Neal.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: I will cover. The AFQDC for the year for SDG&E equity was 17 for the year and SoCal was 5.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Okay and for the quarter?
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: 5 for SDG&A and 2 for SoCal.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Okay. Thanks very much.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Winfried.
Operator: We will go next to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: : Hi, guys. Congrats on a good year. When we think about the incremental cost for REX, the $125 million to you. How does that impact your returns on invested capital on the project?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's negligible from the standpoint of the overall returns. I think it moves at few basis points.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: This time the numbers will move it kind of in proportion of the capital a little bit less so it's a very small impact.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: : I mean, it's almost a 10% cost increase if I look at it from the overall project levels. I mean... how should we think about and... maybe I'll rephrase the question, what's the right... whether its ROE or ROIC target that investors should think about in terms for this projects?
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Once again, when you look at the impact of this kind of a capital increase, it will move in more or less in kind of in proportion to the total capital. Now on an ROE basis, it should be a little bit less because of the impact of the leverage, but on ROA, return on absolute capital basis, that we've given particular forecast.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: I understand. What's the ROE assumption for REX?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we ever gave that.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And last question, and this is kind of touching based on the utilities a little bit, had a lot of utility related question today. How do we think about what the new generation needs are especially after the CPUC filings at the backend of the year '07 for San Diego Gas and Electric?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Debbie, you want to address that?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: Sure, we have to... this is Debbie Reed, Michael. We have to file at the CPUC a 10 year long-term resource plan which was just basically approved by the CPUC that looks out on the generation needs going forward. And as Don mentioned in his remarks, not only do we have generation assets that are part of our portfolio today but we did receive approval to acquire El Dorado in 2011, and so we will have quite a bit of utility own generation as part of our portfolio. We will then add a compliment of peaking generation to meet our reliability and resource adequacy needs going forward, and that in addition to the Calpine plant that is under construction as well as our acquisition at El Dorado and in some peaking generation should meet our needs for the next 10 years or so.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: And if Sunrise is delayed, I think that 10 year procurements approval by the CPUC mentioned about another incremental 400 megawatts of capacity at Sunrises delay, where would that 400 come from?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: Again, we would look at principally peaking generation and we would go through the required CPUC request for proposal process necessary to get down.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: I got it. Okay, thank you.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: We go next to Patrick Forkin with Tejas Security.
Patrick Forkin - Tejas Security: Good morning I was wondering if you could give us an update on your advanced metering program. Have you made the technology selection and what's your time table for regulatory approval?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Debbie Reed again.
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: Hi Patrick. We received regulatory approval for smart meter program last year and the CPUC authorized $572 million budget, $500 million of which approximately of capital. We will begin deployment of the first 5000 test meters in the second quarter of this year and then we will be again full deployment in Q4 of this year of all of the meters to be completed and installed in SDG&E service territory by early 2011 and that will be 1.4 million electric and 900,000 gas. We are still in negotiations with the vendor and so we are not at a point where we can release the name of the vendors that we have selected yet.
Patrick Forkin - Tejas Security: Okay, but on the core metering you have made a technology selection.
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: Yes.
Patrick Forkin - Tejas Security: Okay, thank you very much.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Patrick.
Operator: We will go next to Peter Hark with Talon Capital.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Hello, Don and Mark. It's Peter Hark, how are you doing?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Peter, how are you?
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Very good. Thank you. Just a couple of quick questions on the RBS deal. First, could you review for us in more detail the factors that influenced your decision to revise the agreement in the first place? And is there a possibility that there will be further revisions coming. And lastly, is your increased capital contribution being matched by RBS also so that your respectable ownership interest are intact?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, well the decision, our partnership agreement that calls for a 15% preferred return on regulatory capital and so as we saw the numbers go up we decided that it would make more sense for us to put a little bit more -- to leave a little bit more money in the business. The couple of things that happened, because some of this was driven by higher commodity prices, we're actually... when we sell the business because we're essentially selling the kind of a book value, we are actually pulling a little more money out of the business and our cash flow from the businesses has been higher this year than we anticipated. So actually our net proceeds that are coming out are going to be roughly the same as what they would had been, what we have been anticipate earlier and just they would have been a little bit higher. And so it was pretty easy decision for us to make. We are still under the agreement limited on how much that we can be required to put in or how much we can... we may want to put in. So we don't expect to be... to see any further changes in that. And then long-term, we think partly this was relatively short-term issue with us. Then these new bank regulations drove some of the... I will refer to it as Basel II, which I think some of you might be familiar with and that have started to affect the European bank as of January 1st. And it will come into play here in the U.S. next January. That drove up some of the requirements, but under that Basel II requirements as well as the old requirements, we will be able to go to a far based model for determining regulatory capital instead of the formal lag model that happened before you can get your bar model approved. And once we do that, that will bring the capital back down again. So we are not... we are thinking the business more of a 12 to 15 months kind of issue and we will give the capital numbers back in balance where we thought we were a year from now.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Thank you, Mark, for explaining that and just to be clear then, RBS is not posting additional --?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am glad you brought that up, they will post about an equal amount more too, they will always, because the initial ownership percentage is 51.40, 49 they will always be just slightly more capital than us.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Okay, perfect. And then just also to be clear, is any of these being driven by either credit or collateral obligation?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, it's really just is driven by the pure fact that commodity prices are higher so things like that requires more capital in the business and then the other part is like, like I said that these regulatory changes which until we... yes, we knew they were coming, but until we had worked through all of the numbers we really didn't know how they were going to turn out.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: I got you. Thanks. And then lastly, for clarification I think, answer to Jason's [ph] question. I think you said there was a two day difference in cap rating return, I am not sure, what you meant by that.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry, I was probably was a little misleading. All I was really saying was that he was asking... Lasan was asking whether we were putting more money in or taking less money out and I said, this happens about the same time, it's hard to tell, which is which, but I think the net result is about the same.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Okay. Thank you very much, Mark.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Peter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will go next to Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Good afternoon.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi Faisel.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Hi. Just one follow-up question on the RBS transaction. The profits will still get paid out at the end of every year, is that correct?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And assuming the transaction goes through, will you bring down the additional amount of your credit also.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And in the... can you discuss what happened to tax rate in the fourth quarter achieved relatively high compared to last?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The tax rate in the fourth quarter?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: That's right.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The fourth quarter was a little bit higher. That was partially because of the phase out of the Section 29 credit went up quite a bit and also we had lower income from lower tax jurisdictions during the quarter, just for the year it's about 34% in both years, next year we expect them to go up 3% because there are no Section 29.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And that was your householder.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Got you. And then in terms of your guidance, does that include any potential settlement discussions you are having with ISTG and inside CalGas?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It includes our best estimate of what the year is going to look like.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Fair enough. In terms of the cool-down cargoes you are receiving at Costa Azul, are those part... is that part of the capital that will be part of the investor capital in Costa Azul or is it?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think of it as working gas. It is like capital
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And any, given your operational in the second quarter other opportunities that you are looking at or potential spot cargoes given that there is a time difference between when your contracts ramp up, between what the facility comes on line?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, there is.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And how are you guys looking at that?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean the opportunity here is just as... just this aside, we were in a different meeting yesterday and had some people on the phone and it was interesting that we had LNG people all over the world and they're outselling capacity and looking for spot cargoes. So, as this facility goes operational and there is the ability to bring gas into it before the BP contract starts. We will be out there trying to convince people to bring it to Costa Azul.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Anyway to talk about the cost for MMBTU, the test cargoes cost?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would only say that we are paying market prices and as we went through the analysis of what these things are worth to us we can't start getting revenues from our customers until such times as we can prove that facilities commercial and you can't make it be it commercial and so you run test cargo through it so.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: One point on is that these test cargoes are part of the start up operation in their capitalized.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You were sleeping when we said that.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Fair enough. On the Port Arthur, you guys talked about the open season for oil terminal capabilities, where are you guys at open season?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'll have Neal address this but I just on the surplus we announced that in fact we are having an open season that was the end of last year and we had good response and we are in the process now of looking at those responders and seeing there is in fact there is enough interest to turn these into contracts to build terminaling.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Now this really is not in terms of the open season a lot to elaborate there, but I think it is worth underlining that both with respect to its possible uses in LNG terminal and with respect to its use at the possible oil terminal, the plot of land that we have down there is very well located, so long term this is going to be a very quality asset with a lot of potential.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And on the... at the generation segment, the outage of El Dorado I think it was a forced outage?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's started out as a planned outage and as we started the plan up it was a problem in the way it was put back together so it turned into a forced outage.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And did you guys talk about the impact from that forced outage on income?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You know it was negligible.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And then looking at the wind farm assets that you guys have under construction, where are you in terms of construction of those assets, the first phase and how is the second phase, third phase kind of looking?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think you're referencing the wind project that we have in Sempra generation.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: That's right. The 1000 megawatts potential wind capacity?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the status is as we've secured a good resource in terms of land and we've signed a contract with Southern California Edison. We have not started construction; we have two factors that are impeding that. One is as you're... I guess we all are painfully aware, we just don't have transmission in this region to move renewals to market and our project that we have in Mexico is a victim of that same outcome. So we are waiting for the transmission issues to get resolved. But beyond that, some of the equipment prices come in as planned will move forward once we have the transmission issues resolved.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And are you talking about having Sunrise Transmission via linked to those asset or is it versus --?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's Sunrise or some other transmission solution and our generation company is working both with the ISO and with the government of Mexico to see if we can find a transmission solution.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks for the time, guys.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up from Winfried Fruehauf with the Fruehauf Consulting Company.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Thank you. Regarding the Paloma outage, are you in anyway protected either by warranties and or insurance business interruption or insurance?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have a claim pending against people who did the repair work.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: And are you in a position to assess the chances of your succeeding?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, if we didn't think we had a chance, we wouldn't waste our time filing it so.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Can you disclose the amount that you are claiming?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not at this time.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Okay. That's all I have. Thank you.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, just three quick follow-ups. How are sales of Argentine business going?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I didn't hear that, go ahead.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I am sorry, sales of the Argentine business?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As you know, we're still trying to collect up on the claim that was awarded in our favor in Argentina, and so our plan there is to pursue a two courses of action. One is to dispose those assets in the market and secondly, collect from the claim against the government, and we are moving on both those.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then if I understood your comments on REX Northeast correctly, it sounds like there was enough interest in terms of people wanting to deserve capacity, so it sounds like it's coming down to negotiation of price, is that about the sum of it?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I guess I would maybe approach it a little differently, Lasan, as they were... I don't have a correct count here, but they were some between 8 and 12 projects that were one-time proposed that would basically take gas further east and they ended up in different locations, they carry different volumes. What we are doing is we're having discussions with the people that participate in our open season and we are as you know we're building a much larger pipeline that has a much lower rate, but requires much larger volumes to make it work. And we will see in the next couple of months whether or not there is enough market interest to have people sign up long-term contract to make this project to reality. I would say again that of all the people that are out there from the standpoint of those that have track record, have the creditability, have the team put together that we have a good... as good a shot as anybody in fact in extending this pipeline into the eastern markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then last question, Don, while ago, when we chatted you said the potential that Sempra may take a position in a liquefaction facility somewhere else, is that still kind of what you are looking for hoping for to achieve?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's a space that we look that we bring some strengths to with our marketing capability, so as we're afforded opportunities to participate in liquefaction, the interest is not so much in just having equity in liquefaction, but having the marketing rights to go with it. And so in every case, we are looking at the opportunity to invest in liquefaction we're in fact we can have a disproportion share of the uptake to market.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We will take a follow-up from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Sorry, couple more question. What did you guys book in the year for your attrition filing, SoCalGas, SDG&E?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's Debbie Reed here.
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: Yes, in 2006 to 2007, our attrition was about $73 million to both utility.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, and then if I look at the operating income of both utilities over that timeframe, there was not that much growth in your operating profit number, so I assume that the attrition amount have been higher than O&M?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: There was actually a number of factors on the operating income side and we did in that having at SoCalGas a positive benefit from the attrition mechanism and a slight positive benefit at SDG&E last year and these were offset licensing like litigation costs in other item.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. But generally, the attrition amount seemed to be working in a way they were supposed to basically offsetting cost inflation overall of operation?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: Absolutely, and we manage our costs based upon as we look ahead and we forecast what the attrition is going to be and we manage our business so that we can stay within that attrition amount.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: In terms of your other performance-based mechanisms, GCIM or other purchase gas costs... where you guys stand with that?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: If you look at all of our mechanisms for 2007, we had a total of $33 million pre-tax and $20 million after tax out of all of the incentive mechanisms from both utilities. That was about $10.6 million pre-tax at SoCalGas from PVR and GCIM 12 and then at SCG&E from the PVR was about $8.8 million pre-tax, a DSM incentive of $12 million and then PVR on the gas purchasing of about $2.3 million.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, I got you. Then last question on the equity earnings of certain of the subsidiaries underneath your pipeline storage segments. I think you have roughly $59 million for the year. Can I assume that a lot of that is related to your equity interest interact or is that something else?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's in ultimately South America too.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, got you. Thanks
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Faisel.
Operator: With that we have no further questions in queue. At this time, I would like to turn conference back to Mr. Don Felsinger for closing remarks.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, once again, thanks to all of you for joining us for the 2007 earning call. If you have any follow-on questions, you have Jeff, Glen or Scott a call and if not, we will you see you end of March in New York. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference, ladies and gentleman. Again thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at any time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-27 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey W. Martin - VP of IR Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and CEO Mark A. Snell - EVP and CFO Neal E. Schmale - President and COO Debra L. Reed - President and CEO of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.
Analysts: John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Samuel Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Patrick Forkin - Tejas Security Peter Hark - Talon Capital Faisel Khan - Citigroup
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Sempra Energy Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2007 Financial Results Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Martin. Please go ahead sir.
Jeffrey W. Martin - Vice President of Investor Relations: Good afternoon. I would like to thank you for joining us to discuss Sempra Energy's 2007 financial results. A live webcast of this teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investor section. With us today in San Diego are several members of our management team, including Don Felsinger, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Neal Schmale, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Snell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Debbie Reed, President and CEO of Sempra Utilities, and Joe Householder, Senior Vice President and Controller. You will note that slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. I would like to remind you that this call contains forward-looking statements that are not historical facts, and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. As you know they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that future results may differ materially from those expressed on our call. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are described at the bottom of today's press release and are further discussed in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, it's also important to note that all of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation today are shown on a diluted basis. Finally, I want to mention that we are hosting our Analyst Conference on March 27 this year. Because we are holding it in New York City, there has been a lot of interest and we are hopeful that you will each make time to join us. And with that, I'd now like to turn it over to Don who will begin with slide 3.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jeff, and thanks to each of you for joining us. Here is how I would like to proceed with today's call. Mark Snell and I will start with the financial results, and I will update you on the status of our key business activities, and finally we will close with any questions that you may have. Before turning the call over to Mark, I'd like to mention how pleased I am with the strength of our financial results. All of our operating businesses performed well for the quarter and for the full year. In fact, 2007 was a record year for income from continuing operations, all in all, a very good year and a great foundation for our future growth. Based on our outlook for the remainder of this year, we are reaffirming our previously announced 2008 earnings guidance of $3.65 to $3.85 per share. This guidance reflects the closing of the Royal Bank of Scotland transaction and our reduced ownership in Sempra Commodities and the positive impact of our planned share repurchase program. And with that, I am going to ask Mark to take you through the financial results in more detail.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Don. Well, earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter income from continuing operations of $288 million or $1.10 per share. Fourth quarter 2006 income from continuing operations was $129 million or $0.49 per share. This included $221 million for the impairment of our Argentine assets. Net income for the fourth quarter was $289 million or $1.10 per share compared with net income in the prior year quarter of $125 million or $0.47 per share. Income from continuing operations increased to a record $1.13 billion or $4.26 per share for the full year 2007. That's up from $1.09 billion or $4.17 per share in 2006. Last year's results included $204 million in gains on asset sales and the Argentine write-down. Now let's review the financial results for each of our business units. I'll start with Sempra Utilities on slide 4. Sempra Utilities reported fourth quarter net income of $105 million, compared with the $110 million in the year ago period. San Diego Gas & Electric's net income for the fourth quarter was $47 million, that compares with $55 million in the year ago quarter, primarily due to lower taxes in 2006. At Southern California Gas, fourth quarter 2007 net income was $58 million. That compares with $55 million in the prior year's quarter. For the full year 2007, Sempra Utilities reported net income of $513 million, a 12% increase over the $460 million posted in 06. Net income for SDG&E rose to $283 million in 2007 from $237 million in 2006. That was due primarily to favorable resolution of tax issues, together with higher electric transmission and generation earnings. 2000 (sic) [2007] net income for SoCalGas increased to $230 million from $223 million in 2006, due primarily to higher operating margins. Now let's go to slide 5. Sempra Commodities reported fourth quarter net income of $186 million in 2007, compared with $214 in the prior year's quarter. This is primarily due to reduced earnings from our natural gas and synthetic fuel tax credit operations. For the full year 2007, Sempra Commodities recorded net income of $499 million compared with 2006 earnings of $504 million. And with that, I'll also bring you a short update on our planned joint venture with RBS. We plan to close the transaction by April depending on the timing of our last regulatory approval. You'll recall that the transaction was approved by the FERC and the UK's Financial Services Authority last call, and we're now awaiting approval from the Federal Reserve Board which we expect in March. At this point, we don't envision any material issues and we believe we will receive Federal approval as previously mentioned by the end of the quarter. While we and RBS are disappointed that the approval process has taken longer than anticipated, there certainly has been some other significant issues in the financial markets that has taken up a lot of the regulators' time and attention. One change I would like to mention is that the amount of regulatory capital or equity of the commodities business required has increased over our original estimates. The change, this is driven by significant increases in commodity prices since the deal was first announced and recent changes in banking regulations. Considering this and the 15% preferred returns dictated by the partnership agreement, we requested and the partners agreed to increase our investment. As currently contemplated, Sempra will now invest $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion at closing. This increase from $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion that we had originally contemplated, does not affect any other aspects of the transaction nor will it affect our planned stock buyback or dividend increase. And with respect to those, post closing we begin the first $1 billion of our $1.5 billion to $2 billion share repurchase program and again will raise our dividend. Earlier this month we raised our quarterly dividend 3.2% to $0.32 per share and we expect to increase the quarterly dividend the second time to $0.35 a share once we close the transaction. This will reflect the 35% to 40% payout ratio at an annual rate of $1.40 per share. Now we will move onto slide 6. Fourth quarter net income for our generation business was $40 million compared with $53 million in the same quarter in 2006, due primarily to a 3 month outage of the company's El Dorado Energy plant in Nevada and higher taxes. The El Dorado plant was placed back in service on January 7th of this year. For the full year 2007, net income for Sempra Generation was $162 million compared with $375 million in 2006, which included $204 million related to the sale of the Topaz Power plant. Now please move to slide 7. In the fourth quarter, 2007 Sempra Pipelines & Storage reported net income of $14 million compared with a net loss of $223 million in the same period in 2006. Fourth quarter 2006 results included a $221 million write-down on the company's Argentine Utility investments, together with $24 million in taxes on repatriated foreign earnings. For the full year of 2007, net income was $64 million compared with net loss of $165 million in 2006. The prior year results included the previously mentioned write-down and taxes on repatriation offset by $10 million from the favorable resolution of prior year tax issues. Please turn to slide 8. This slide provides the summary of our business unit results, and I'll highlight a few points and I will start with our LNG business. Sempra LNG recorded a net loss of $19 million in the fourth quarter of '07, that's compared with a net loss of $7 million in the prior year. The increase was due primarily to a mark-to-market loss on a marketing agreement with Sempra Commodities where this loss was offset by a corresponding gain. Parent and other reported a net loss of $38 million in the fourth quarter of 2007, compared with a net loss of $18 million in the fourth quarter of 2006, primarily due to increased charitable contributions and income taxes. Please turn to slide 9. We are very pleased with our 2007 results. Income from continuing operations set a new record for the company and our financial results were bolstered by strong earnings from our California Utilities and Sempra Commodities. Second, we continue to have a strong balance sheet, ample liquidity with over $650 million of cash on hand and $5 billion in unused credit line. We also finished the year with a debt-to-total cap ratio of 39%, a 3% drop from 2006. That's noteworthy, because as we close the RBS transaction, we've made the commitment to restructure our balance sheet by repurchasing shares and increasing the dividend, both of which will directly benefit shareholders. Now I would like to turn it back to Don, with slide 10.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mark. Let me start with a short business update beginning with our utilities. In December, SDG&A received a final decision on its cost of capital proceeding which increased its authorized return on equity to 11.1% from 10.7%. This increase was effective on January 1st. You will also recall that last year the FERC increased our authorized return on equity on transmission assets to 11.35%. In regard to our general rate cases for SDG&E and SoCalGas, we reached settlements on major aspects of those proceedings. We now expect a final decision from the California Public Utilities Commission in the second quarter of this year, and we have filed for rates to be retroactive to January 1st of this year. In November, SDG&E's purchase of Sempra Generation's El Dorado power plant was approved by the CPUC. The purchase will be effective in late 2011. As for the Sunrise Powerlink 500 KV transmission project, we received a draft environmental impact study last month which is an important project milestone. We expect a final decision on the project in the second half of this year which would result in the line being placed into service in 2011. Now let me update you on our LNG business on slide 11. Our Energía Costa Azul terminal will begin operations in the second quarter. While the revised start date is a couple of month later than expected, the net income impact of this delay is negligible. As you would expect, there is lot of excitement about placing into service the first LNG receipt terminal on the West Coast of North America. We secured initial test cargos for the commissioning and completed the connecting pipeline. At the end of 2007, we also finalized an agreement to develop the $125 million nitrogen injection facility at the terminal. As many of you know, California has adopted some of the most stringent gas quality specifications in the country. This new nitrogen facility will allow gas from the expanded number of sources around the world to meet these more stringent specifications. Recently an affirmation of our LNG strategy was reiterated by FERC Chairman, Kelliher, who forecasted that the U.S. will become the largest LNG importer by 2011, due to heating and natural gas fuel generation growth. Chairman, Kelliher also said that our Energía Costa Azul project is very important because with its commissioning, the U.S. will be the only LNG importer with ready access to both the Atlantic and Pacific markets. This will make the U.S. market increasingly attractive to LNG importers. In Louisiana, our Cameron receipt facility is 75% complete. This project remains on track for operations in early 2009 and we are still focused on contracting the remainder of capacity at Cameron. Now let's move to slide 12, for an update on pipelines and storage and the Rockies Express pipeline project. A major milestone occurred in January when we began interim service on the 500 mile segment of the Rockies Express west portion of the pipeline that runs from Colorado to Kansas. We expect the entire 700 mile western portion of the pipeline which ends in Missouri to be in full service next month. As for Rockies Express East, we are continuing to work closely with the FERC on permitting and expect to receive approval sometime in the spring. This will enable us to start construction in early summer and need a December 2008 interim service date. The total cost of the Rockies Express pipeline is now estimated to be $4.9 billion, an increase of $500 million from the original estimate. Sempra Energy's 25% share of the overall project cost is roughly $1.2 billion. As many of you know, there continues to be a lot of interest in a follow on project to the Rockies Express Pipeline that would deliver natural gas to markets further east. Late last year, we completed an open season for the Northeast Express Pipeline project that would extend service from Clarington, Ohio to Princeton, New Jersey. We are now negotiating with interested parties for firm contracts with a view towards making a final decision on the project sometime in the next quarter. Please turn now to slide 13. In summary, here is a couple of key highlights. First, all of our businesses units have performed well. 2007 saw record income from continuing operations, driven in large part by a strong year from our California utilities and our commodities business. In addition, we have some important milestones taking place this year. The closing of our joint venture with RBS, the conclusion of our general rate cases, REX-West is now flowing gas, we are commissioning our Costa Azul receipt facility in the second quarter and we have several more major projects coming online this year, an exciting time as many of our projects and activities move into the operations and earnings phase. With that, our outlook for 2008 has a lot of certainty and we reaffirm our earnings guidance with a range of $3.65 to $3.85 per share. In 2009, we will be seeing the first full year of operations for many of the projects I just discussed, and that will be reflected in significantly stronger earnings growth in the future. We'll get into the detail behind that growth at our Analyst Conference coming up in March. And with that, let me now open up the call and take any questions that you might have. Question And Answer
Operator: : Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from John Kiani with Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: I know you made some comments earlier on in your discussion about the RBS commodities joint venture. Can you talk a little about any... did you had any recent discussion with RBS or with the U.S. Fed?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me have Mark answer your question, but we are in contact with RBS almost on a daily basis and just to want to reaffirm to you that we expect this transaction to close here within a month.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: : Yes, John this is Mark, I think the transaction took a little longer to close than we had anticipated, but I don't think could have anticipated the kind of financial turmoil.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Right.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: : That the regulators have been at and you know I want to say that I think it's on... in my conversations with them, they are being diligent and they are really trying to get this done, trying to get the attention of all of the people that they need to get. It's been understandably difficult and I think this just took longer than they expected as well and so... but we are getting there and I think we'll... we expect to get that this month and we expect to close shortly thereafter. And as far as the conversations we have with RBS, they are meeting with us on a daily basis. We are working to integrate the two businesses and I think from the get go we're going to be ready to move forward.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks, that's helpful. And then can you talk a little bit about this gas-fired power plant that you have in early stage development in Maryland. I think I saw something for around 500 or 600 megawatts?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We had a site in Maryland for a number of years that we have not developed because the market hasn't given us the right price signals. And as we look at what's taking place right now on PJM and the fact that they've gone out for capacity payments in 2011. If in fact these capacity payments get approved by the FERC, which we think they will and we're able to deal with some local issues regarding taxes and get our construction cost at a point that they make sense to us, it's a project we will move forward with. But there is still a few open items, but it looks very positive from the standpoint of what we're seeing today.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: So just to be clear, it sounds like your expectation is that the new and higher corn prices are approved and therefore we might continue to see pretty robust PJM capacity pricing and specifically in the region in which you have sub region where you have the site and if that's the case, you very well may push forward with this development?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think as you watch construction cost for new combined cycle, we're seeing cost in a range now of $900 to $1000 of megawatt or KW. When we look at what's happening in PJM, is they need capacity and we think the prices that they have adopted and they sent to the FERC to get approved would in fact support new generation. We also think we have one of the few sites that's ready to be built upon and meet the 2011 date. So, once again, if the prices get approved by the FERC and we are able to get our construction cost estimates coming into the price range that supports our economics and deal one or two the minor issues, it's a project that in fact we will move forward with.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Don, first of all, congratulations on a good year, but more kind of looking out globally, I can't imagine you seeing back and saying to yourself, there are no acquisition opportunities on the horizon... or in the mixed today that you are looking out and I can probably give you three companies that might be of interest to you. How you kind of looking at the landscape today relative to the fact that you are throwing of enormous amount of free cash flow, or we expect to?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Lasan, thank you for the congratulations on the year. We are always looking at opportunities to buy assets or it may be assets or companies, we are no different than anyone else. But key thing that we have before us is to close the RBS transaction, so in fact that we can do a restructuring of our balance sheet and so that's primary on our focus and we are going to do that, and when we see a right opportunity come along that make sense for us in the space, we want to be in, we will be an active player.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Mark, you had mentioned that the capital infusion at the JV would probably have to increase by at least $100 million to $200 million it sounds like. Is that a physical cash injection or is that the amount of capital being returned would be reduced, how is that going to work?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I think they are one and the same, but let me make it clear that it's not something we have to do with, something that we know that we wanted to do may help us, it helps preserve our earnings and actually increases our earnings slightly because of the preferred return. It is... when these new regulations came out and with the high commodity pricing, the regulatory capital calculation was higher than what we had originally anticipated and we just sat down with our partners and worked out something that was equitable for both of us.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: So is it a cash infusion or is it a less cash return?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I guess it's less cash return. There's about 2 days difference between the two, so I am not sure it makes any difference.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. In terms of global liquefaction capacity, are you guys seeing any differently? It seems like this more announcements coming out about either for fraction capacity?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Neal, you want to address this?
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: I think generally our view of this market is pretty consistent with the way we have seen it. There's a lot of liquefaction capacity going to be coming on in the next few years and that will have an impact on the market. But generally, our view around this global market has been positive and it continues to be so.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And any kind of thoughts on what Schneier announced recently about strategic review?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Neal, follow on with that.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Just consistent with what I just said. I think we don't generally comment on other companies, but essentially Schneier announcement came out, we looked at the company and looked at what the market resource saying about Schneier. And I think once again in general terms, when you look at the long-term for energy and the long-term for LNG, market has a pretty good view of Schneier and I think it reflects very well on the access that we hold.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And if I may, one last question, there is lot of discussion going on about building a REX equivalent to the West; Ruby and Bronco would do that and think of. How is that going to impact REX, is there going to be enough capacity out of the Rockies to feed both sides of the equation.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Lasan, the reserve forecast we have... when we looked at building REX to the Eastern markets, there were adequate reserves there to support that project for 20 plus years and there have been reserve increases in the interim. So, no one would build a pipeline unless they felt comfortable about the reserves being there versus those which have been committed slightly, but yes, the reserves are in the Rockies to support a pipeline of project to the West.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: And why give them an opportunity to build and why don't you just take it away by building those spur on REX?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If the opportunity present itself for us to do that, we would. We are looking at all the options that are out there with gas flowing to the west and we have made no decisions.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Operator: Sir, your line is open.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Hi, can you hear me?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, sorry about that. Wanted to touch basically first on the timing between the Fed approval and the actual close? You mentioned that you probably are going to be I guess the approval would have in March and it should actually close it in April?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes that's right.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's Mark Snell.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I... assuming that we get the Fed approval in the next few weeks, we would... our plan is to close it on April 1. We have been looking at trying to close it on the first of the month and made it easier for some things, but we are also exploring the possibility of closing at mid month.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So it could happen earlier than April?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It could.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then in terms of Port Arthur, you guys I think have delayed due to the contracting situation there, the LNG development. And I was just wondering if you could sort of comment on that, what's your thoughts on in terms of the pricing environment that we are going to have to see in terms of the LNG outlook going forward in the U.S. the other market.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think we had a discussion in the last call, maybe the call before that as you are aware we have gone forward and seek the expansion approval for both Costa Azul and for Cameron. So we now have the ability without launching Port Arthur to increase the capacity in our Mexican facility up to about 2.5 Bcf a day and about 2.6 Bcf at Cameron. And what we have done is we have left ourselves from little room to look at how the upstream market develops and if it made more sense to expand one of our existing facilities for incremental supply or to launch a whole new facility. So, we are very well positioned, we can expand in Mexico, we can expand in Cameron or we have permit some place where we can move forward with Port Arthur. So, I think it really is a function of how quickly the liquefaction market develops and how robust the market is in the U.S. to support the new LNG supplies. That's at the end of the day, we have as much flexibility as anybody out there to take advantage of what happens or what doesn't happen.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right. So, I guess I am wondering when do you see that liquefaction market will show up and what kind of contracting are we looking at in terms of when we actually might see that development... that additional development to take place.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well let me just looking at the projects that are currently under construction, it looks like the water shed years are going be 2011 and later.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right. And the contracting, I mean you would expect that to sort of develop, when do you think there will be a picture on the contract?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would think that as most of these projects get 18 months or so away from completion, that I would expect that upstream suppliers would start making sure they have a place to unload this someplace, whether it be in North America, Asia or Europe.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then finally, the level of non-investment grade on the trading book, it seems to have increased again over the quarter. Just elaborate a little bit more on the activity that is happening here in driving that?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mark, do you want to take that?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. There really hasn't been... it's a relatively small difference and I think these are just things that happen from time-to-time. We really aren't noticing anything really different in our book of business, and frankly, if you are thinking that it might be a reflection of some of our customers being downgraded, that really hasn't happened yet with the majority of our customers. So I think from the most part, it's just a fluctuation that will probably correct itself over time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll go next to Sam Brothwell with Wachovia.
Samuel Brothwell - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. My questions have been addressed.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Sam.
Operator: We'll go next to Winfried Fruehauf with Fruehauf Consulting.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Good morning. My first question is on the allowance for funds used in construction. What was that amount in the fourth quarter and the year versus 2006?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hang on just a second, Winfried.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Thank you.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I want to get you... I want to give you the right answer so.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Okay.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Winfried, why don't you go ahead and give me your second question and we'll --.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: All right. The second question relates to the large increase in short term debts year-over-year on your balance sheet to a little bit over $1 billion. What does that reflect and how you are going to refinance this large amount of short term debt?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That just reflects some of our current borrowings that we have taken down, one of those things that we have done is moved out of some of our commercial paper market and our and... notes that are long-term notes that re-price on a monthly basis we moved into more shorter term paper. But we have adequate, our credit lines if we don't end up going back into the bond market, we will just use our credit lines to finance that there are almost multiyear lines.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Okay. What is your current estimate of the final construction cost for Costa Azul, given the cost of the nitrogen facility and some delay? And if you could please tell me whether that includes or excludes an allowance for funds used in construction?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I want to give this to Neal.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, at Costa Azul, we estimate that the final cost will be about $975 million. Now that includes capitalized interest and it excludes the nitrogen plant of $125 million and some pre-expansion cost of around $66 million.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Okay. And next question is on Entrega, what was the net income contribution from Entrega in the fourth quarter?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In the fourth quarter of?
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: 2007, yes.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have that -- broken down?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we won't disclose that.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, if I had, I couldn't give it to you.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: All right, okay.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And I don't. Let's go back to your first question. This is Neal.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: I will cover. The AFQDC for the year for SDG&E equity was 17 for the year and SoCal was 5.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Okay and for the quarter?
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: 5 for SDG&A and 2 for SoCal.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Okay. Thanks very much.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Winfried.
Operator: We will go next to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: : Hi, guys. Congrats on a good year. When we think about the incremental cost for REX, the $125 million to you. How does that impact your returns on invested capital on the project?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's negligible from the standpoint of the overall returns. I think it moves at few basis points.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: This time the numbers will move it kind of in proportion of the capital a little bit less so it's a very small impact.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: : I mean, it's almost a 10% cost increase if I look at it from the overall project levels. I mean... how should we think about and... maybe I'll rephrase the question, what's the right... whether its ROE or ROIC target that investors should think about in terms for this projects?
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Once again, when you look at the impact of this kind of a capital increase, it will move in more or less in kind of in proportion to the total capital. Now on an ROE basis, it should be a little bit less because of the impact of the leverage, but on ROA, return on absolute capital basis, that we've given particular forecast.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: I understand. What's the ROE assumption for REX?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we ever gave that.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And last question, and this is kind of touching based on the utilities a little bit, had a lot of utility related question today. How do we think about what the new generation needs are especially after the CPUC filings at the backend of the year '07 for San Diego Gas and Electric?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Debbie, you want to address that?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: Sure, we have to... this is Debbie Reed, Michael. We have to file at the CPUC a 10 year long-term resource plan which was just basically approved by the CPUC that looks out on the generation needs going forward. And as Don mentioned in his remarks, not only do we have generation assets that are part of our portfolio today but we did receive approval to acquire El Dorado in 2011, and so we will have quite a bit of utility own generation as part of our portfolio. We will then add a compliment of peaking generation to meet our reliability and resource adequacy needs going forward, and that in addition to the Calpine plant that is under construction as well as our acquisition at El Dorado and in some peaking generation should meet our needs for the next 10 years or so.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: And if Sunrise is delayed, I think that 10 year procurements approval by the CPUC mentioned about another incremental 400 megawatts of capacity at Sunrises delay, where would that 400 come from?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: Again, we would look at principally peaking generation and we would go through the required CPUC request for proposal process necessary to get down.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: I got it. Okay, thank you.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: We go next to Patrick Forkin with Tejas Security.
Patrick Forkin - Tejas Security: Good morning I was wondering if you could give us an update on your advanced metering program. Have you made the technology selection and what's your time table for regulatory approval?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Debbie Reed again.
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: Hi Patrick. We received regulatory approval for smart meter program last year and the CPUC authorized $572 million budget, $500 million of which approximately of capital. We will begin deployment of the first 5000 test meters in the second quarter of this year and then we will be again full deployment in Q4 of this year of all of the meters to be completed and installed in SDG&E service territory by early 2011 and that will be 1.4 million electric and 900,000 gas. We are still in negotiations with the vendor and so we are not at a point where we can release the name of the vendors that we have selected yet.
Patrick Forkin - Tejas Security: Okay, but on the core metering you have made a technology selection.
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: Yes.
Patrick Forkin - Tejas Security: Okay, thank you very much.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Patrick.
Operator: We will go next to Peter Hark with Talon Capital.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Hello, Don and Mark. It's Peter Hark, how are you doing?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Peter, how are you?
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Very good. Thank you. Just a couple of quick questions on the RBS deal. First, could you review for us in more detail the factors that influenced your decision to revise the agreement in the first place? And is there a possibility that there will be further revisions coming. And lastly, is your increased capital contribution being matched by RBS also so that your respectable ownership interest are intact?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, well the decision, our partnership agreement that calls for a 15% preferred return on regulatory capital and so as we saw the numbers go up we decided that it would make more sense for us to put a little bit more -- to leave a little bit more money in the business. The couple of things that happened, because some of this was driven by higher commodity prices, we're actually... when we sell the business because we're essentially selling the kind of a book value, we are actually pulling a little more money out of the business and our cash flow from the businesses has been higher this year than we anticipated. So actually our net proceeds that are coming out are going to be roughly the same as what they would had been, what we have been anticipate earlier and just they would have been a little bit higher. And so it was pretty easy decision for us to make. We are still under the agreement limited on how much that we can be required to put in or how much we can... we may want to put in. So we don't expect to be... to see any further changes in that. And then long-term, we think partly this was relatively short-term issue with us. Then these new bank regulations drove some of the... I will refer to it as Basel II, which I think some of you might be familiar with and that have started to affect the European bank as of January 1st. And it will come into play here in the U.S. next January. That drove up some of the requirements, but under that Basel II requirements as well as the old requirements, we will be able to go to a far based model for determining regulatory capital instead of the formal lag model that happened before you can get your bar model approved. And once we do that, that will bring the capital back down again. So we are not... we are thinking the business more of a 12 to 15 months kind of issue and we will give the capital numbers back in balance where we thought we were a year from now.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Thank you, Mark, for explaining that and just to be clear then, RBS is not posting additional --?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am glad you brought that up, they will post about an equal amount more too, they will always, because the initial ownership percentage is 51.40, 49 they will always be just slightly more capital than us.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Okay, perfect. And then just also to be clear, is any of these being driven by either credit or collateral obligation?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, it's really just is driven by the pure fact that commodity prices are higher so things like that requires more capital in the business and then the other part is like, like I said that these regulatory changes which until we... yes, we knew they were coming, but until we had worked through all of the numbers we really didn't know how they were going to turn out.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: I got you. Thanks. And then lastly, for clarification I think, answer to Jason's [ph] question. I think you said there was a two day difference in cap rating return, I am not sure, what you meant by that.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry, I was probably was a little misleading. All I was really saying was that he was asking... Lasan was asking whether we were putting more money in or taking less money out and I said, this happens about the same time, it's hard to tell, which is which, but I think the net result is about the same.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Okay. Thank you very much, Mark.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Peter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will go next to Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Good afternoon.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi Faisel.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Hi. Just one follow-up question on the RBS transaction. The profits will still get paid out at the end of every year, is that correct?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And assuming the transaction goes through, will you bring down the additional amount of your credit also.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And in the... can you discuss what happened to tax rate in the fourth quarter achieved relatively high compared to last?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The tax rate in the fourth quarter?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: That's right.
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The fourth quarter was a little bit higher. That was partially because of the phase out of the Section 29 credit went up quite a bit and also we had lower income from lower tax jurisdictions during the quarter, just for the year it's about 34% in both years, next year we expect them to go up 3% because there are no Section 29.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And that was your householder.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Got you. And then in terms of your guidance, does that include any potential settlement discussions you are having with ISTG and inside CalGas?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It includes our best estimate of what the year is going to look like.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Fair enough. In terms of the cool-down cargoes you are receiving at Costa Azul, are those part... is that part of the capital that will be part of the investor capital in Costa Azul or is it?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think of it as working gas. It is like capital
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And any, given your operational in the second quarter other opportunities that you are looking at or potential spot cargoes given that there is a time difference between when your contracts ramp up, between what the facility comes on line?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, there is.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And how are you guys looking at that?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean the opportunity here is just as... just this aside, we were in a different meeting yesterday and had some people on the phone and it was interesting that we had LNG people all over the world and they're outselling capacity and looking for spot cargoes. So, as this facility goes operational and there is the ability to bring gas into it before the BP contract starts. We will be out there trying to convince people to bring it to Costa Azul.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Anyway to talk about the cost for MMBTU, the test cargoes cost?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would only say that we are paying market prices and as we went through the analysis of what these things are worth to us we can't start getting revenues from our customers until such times as we can prove that facilities commercial and you can't make it be it commercial and so you run test cargo through it so.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: One point on is that these test cargoes are part of the start up operation in their capitalized.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You were sleeping when we said that.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Fair enough. On the Port Arthur, you guys talked about the open season for oil terminal capabilities, where are you guys at open season?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'll have Neal address this but I just on the surplus we announced that in fact we are having an open season that was the end of last year and we had good response and we are in the process now of looking at those responders and seeing there is in fact there is enough interest to turn these into contracts to build terminaling.
Neal E. Schmale - President and Chief Operating Officer: Now this really is not in terms of the open season a lot to elaborate there, but I think it is worth underlining that both with respect to its possible uses in LNG terminal and with respect to its use at the possible oil terminal, the plot of land that we have down there is very well located, so long term this is going to be a very quality asset with a lot of potential.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And on the... at the generation segment, the outage of El Dorado I think it was a forced outage?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's started out as a planned outage and as we started the plan up it was a problem in the way it was put back together so it turned into a forced outage.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And did you guys talk about the impact from that forced outage on income?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You know it was negligible.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And then looking at the wind farm assets that you guys have under construction, where are you in terms of construction of those assets, the first phase and how is the second phase, third phase kind of looking?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think you're referencing the wind project that we have in Sempra generation.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: That's right. The 1000 megawatts potential wind capacity?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the status is as we've secured a good resource in terms of land and we've signed a contract with Southern California Edison. We have not started construction; we have two factors that are impeding that. One is as you're... I guess we all are painfully aware, we just don't have transmission in this region to move renewals to market and our project that we have in Mexico is a victim of that same outcome. So we are waiting for the transmission issues to get resolved. But beyond that, some of the equipment prices come in as planned will move forward once we have the transmission issues resolved.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And are you talking about having Sunrise Transmission via linked to those asset or is it versus --?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's Sunrise or some other transmission solution and our generation company is working both with the ISO and with the government of Mexico to see if we can find a transmission solution.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks for the time, guys.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up from Winfried Fruehauf with the Fruehauf Consulting Company.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Thank you. Regarding the Paloma outage, are you in anyway protected either by warranties and or insurance business interruption or insurance?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have a claim pending against people who did the repair work.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: And are you in a position to assess the chances of your succeeding?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, if we didn't think we had a chance, we wouldn't waste our time filing it so.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Can you disclose the amount that you are claiming?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not at this time.
Winfried Fruehauf - W. Fruehauf Consulting: Okay. That's all I have. Thank you.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, just three quick follow-ups. How are sales of Argentine business going?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I didn't hear that, go ahead.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I am sorry, sales of the Argentine business?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As you know, we're still trying to collect up on the claim that was awarded in our favor in Argentina, and so our plan there is to pursue a two courses of action. One is to dispose those assets in the market and secondly, collect from the claim against the government, and we are moving on both those.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then if I understood your comments on REX Northeast correctly, it sounds like there was enough interest in terms of people wanting to deserve capacity, so it sounds like it's coming down to negotiation of price, is that about the sum of it?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I guess I would maybe approach it a little differently, Lasan, as they were... I don't have a correct count here, but they were some between 8 and 12 projects that were one-time proposed that would basically take gas further east and they ended up in different locations, they carry different volumes. What we are doing is we're having discussions with the people that participate in our open season and we are as you know we're building a much larger pipeline that has a much lower rate, but requires much larger volumes to make it work. And we will see in the next couple of months whether or not there is enough market interest to have people sign up long-term contract to make this project to reality. I would say again that of all the people that are out there from the standpoint of those that have track record, have the creditability, have the team put together that we have a good... as good a shot as anybody in fact in extending this pipeline into the eastern markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then last question, Don, while ago, when we chatted you said the potential that Sempra may take a position in a liquefaction facility somewhere else, is that still kind of what you are looking for hoping for to achieve?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's a space that we look that we bring some strengths to with our marketing capability, so as we're afforded opportunities to participate in liquefaction, the interest is not so much in just having equity in liquefaction, but having the marketing rights to go with it. And so in every case, we are looking at the opportunity to invest in liquefaction we're in fact we can have a disproportion share of the uptake to market.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We will take a follow-up from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Sorry, couple more question. What did you guys book in the year for your attrition filing, SoCalGas, SDG&E?
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's Debbie Reed here.
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: Yes, in 2006 to 2007, our attrition was about $73 million to both utility.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, and then if I look at the operating income of both utilities over that timeframe, there was not that much growth in your operating profit number, so I assume that the attrition amount have been higher than O&M?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: There was actually a number of factors on the operating income side and we did in that having at SoCalGas a positive benefit from the attrition mechanism and a slight positive benefit at SDG&E last year and these were offset licensing like litigation costs in other item.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. But generally, the attrition amount seemed to be working in a way they were supposed to basically offsetting cost inflation overall of operation?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: Absolutely, and we manage our costs based upon as we look ahead and we forecast what the attrition is going to be and we manage our business so that we can stay within that attrition amount.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: In terms of your other performance-based mechanisms, GCIM or other purchase gas costs... where you guys stand with that?
Debra L. Reed - President and Chief Executive Officer of San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Co.: If you look at all of our mechanisms for 2007, we had a total of $33 million pre-tax and $20 million after tax out of all of the incentive mechanisms from both utilities. That was about $10.6 million pre-tax at SoCalGas from PVR and GCIM 12 and then at SCG&E from the PVR was about $8.8 million pre-tax, a DSM incentive of $12 million and then PVR on the gas purchasing of about $2.3 million.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, I got you. Then last question on the equity earnings of certain of the subsidiaries underneath your pipeline storage segments. I think you have roughly $59 million for the year. Can I assume that a lot of that is related to your equity interest interact or is that something else?
Mark A. Snell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's in ultimately South America too.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, got you. Thanks
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Faisel.
Operator: With that we have no further questions in queue. At this time, I would like to turn conference back to Mr. Don Felsinger for closing remarks.
Donald E. Felsinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, once again, thanks to all of you for joining us for the 2007 earning call. If you have any follow-on questions, you have Jeff, Glen or Scott a call and if not, we will you see you end of March in New York. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference, ladies and gentleman. Again thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at any time.
